,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Located in a lovely area away from the centre but easy to reach. Hotel rooms a little tired but very clean and comfy beds. Every member of staff is a credit to the hotel. From reception to breakfast to housekeeping. Friendly, courteous and efficient. Add to that very reasonable price for this part of London, I would certainly use this hotel on my next visit.",Date of stay: June 2021,4.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ticks all the boxes,"I had stayed in the hotel a couple of years ago and I wrote a review then. I like this hotel because it ticks all the boxes. Good sized rooms (but see my tip below). It is quite a busy hotel so probably not the thing for someone who needs a quiet hotel.   Breakfast buffet: wide array of great choices, from pastries (croissants, etc) to full English breakfast, to Asian options. All very tasty. They also have small bags at the pastry table in case you want to take a roll up to your room.  Steam room, sauna and gym in the lower ground: excellent. The shower that is in the sauna and steam room area has no curtain. Be careful as there is also a security camera there. I think it is amiss of the hotel not to place a sign there letting guests know about the surveillance camera especially since the shower has no curtain and anyone using the shower there will be observed. Thankfully, there is another shower in the changing room, which has a door, and there is no camera there. The changing room is for both sexes (i.e. no separate changing room for men and women).  Hotel is in a great location and walking distance to a large shopping centre.…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Base For London Trip,"If you are looking for a good value hotel with great customer service, with a tube stop not too far away, parking situated on-site and decent breakfast you could do worse than the Hilton Kensington (Holland Park).  Rooms are basic but have everything you need. Beds are comfy, showers have hot water, the WiFi works. The only slightly annoying thing was there were no plug sockets near to the bed so you can’t charge your phone and lie in bed at the same time.  I would be happy to recommend this hotel if you are planning a short break to London.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another GREAT break!,"After having our last two bookings cancelled for our London jaunt, it was lovely to be back (at the hotel we have been coming to for the past 20 years or more)  Yes, the rooms are tired and desperate for a much needed refurb, but the location, very friendly staff and spotlessly clean rooms (well done to the hardworking housekeeping girls)  with a stunning breakfast more than make up for it!  Each and every member of staff are hardworking and nothing is too much trouble ~ it's always a case of ask, and you will get. A special mention to Saby at the hotel lounge bar, who is friendly and professional at all times, it's always nice to see familiar faces year after year.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The staff makes this hotel shine!,"  First things first, the rooms are looking very tired. That said, they're clean, well maintained, and the air conditioning works, which is never a given in the UK. The location is a bit removed from Central London, but the bus stops directly across Holland Park Avenue, and the Central Line is accessible from Shepherd's Bush or Holland Park stations, which are both a 10 minute walk. What really makes this hotel is the staff. They're welcoming, professional and friendly, and genuinely make you feel appreciated as a guest. That comes from the top, making it clear that this property is well managed, and a standout representative of the Hilton brand. Some of their other properties could take lessons from the Hilton London Kensington! ",Date of stay: May 2021,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,We really enjoyed breakfast at monarch thank you team hilton    for making our experience excellent will recommend this hotel to other as well keep it up guys thanks a lot for your services we will meet very soon guys ,Date of stay: March 2021,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"I needed somewhere to stay for business. When I arrived the staff were brilliant.  My room was clean, and even with the Covid epidemic I enjoyed my stay. My breakfast was nice, and was delivered to my room on time. They have a great food room ordering system where you just scan a QR code.",Date of stay: February 2021,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"Beautiful and kind receptionist welcomed at the desk. Great customer service, clean and safe to travel and stay in beautiful room. comfortable bed and pillows. overall a nice hotel. I had stayed 2 nights and enjoyed.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice quality hotwl,"Very nice hotel, we had a room and an adjoining one for our son. Very clean and staff were lovely. Parking below which is a bonus. We normally stay at a hotel closer to Gloucester Road Tube which is ideally where we need to be but this was ok as that was booked up.   Will use the hotel again I am sure.  ",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bank details unsecure,"I stayed in the Hilton hotel in Shepherd’s bush last Friday ( 4 rooms) and Saturday night. I found the experience horrible. I then went to the bar to order food which took an age and it was cold when I got it. I returned it. On leaving on Sunday morning (Before 11) I was presented with and invoice for the full amount which I was billed for £602. It was broken down into 5 elements. Which was fine. The next day I checked my account and my account had been debited again for 5 amounts that make up the total. I rang the Hilton and was put on hold. Half and our later I was told there was no front of house staff to deal with it. They said they would call back. They did not. I got a cab yo the Hilton, where I was told, yes they could see I had been debited again this morning. But they…",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great customer service ,So amazed at the great customer service from the lady at the desk. Thank you   Clean and safe to travel and stay in  Good room service  Comfy beds and pillows   Good location to where we going  Easy parking and good value ,Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Hilton ,This Hilton is in a good location just off A40 and next to Westfield shopping mall which also has central line underground.  Its an older style building that's more like a concrete office block but it's fine inside .  Good friendly reception and bar staff.    Car park is upto £35 per day so be sure you want to use it.     Breakfast is served depending on your choices.     Dinner has a limited menu so possibly consider going over yo the shopping mall where there are plenty on other  choices.   The bedroom was fine and clean with all you want  .   Quiter rooms on the rear.,Date of stay: October 2020,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Comfortable hotel, great location with good parking facility. Room fine, reasonably priced, reception staff George very helpful and courteous.  My only complaint is that the only available food facility was poor, especially very slow service, and a chef who disappeared at 9pm, so I was unable to order a dessert after my acceptable hamburger, although the chips were terrible and soggy. A disappointing end to an otherwise pleasant experience,  Breakfast fine and plenty.",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standard Hilton,"Stayed a night with my partner, can't say I was overly impressed with the standards at this particular Hilton. The room was rather small and although seemed clean, the room did remind me of a premier inn. Not exactly ideal considering the prices. Saying that staff were helpful and attentive and we would return if we happen to go this way again.",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,***AVOID FAMILIES***,"**AVOID AT ALL COST**  *PLEASE READ CAREFULLY FAMILIES* Booked room with roller bed for my 4 year old, upon arrival at 2am after 300miles driving, told room not available with roller bed due to covid!!! BUT YOU CAN HAVE IT TOMORROW....  absolutely terrible customer service, no apology just blaming covid.  DISGUSTING SERVICE FROM NIKOLAY. However he offered room with sofa bed, then guest arrived and told me to wait to see if it’s there room or not!!!  Once confirmed it’s not, gave me room with sofa bed in adjacent room. The springs are sticking out, got holes, ripped mattress, stained. Now sleeping on the sofa itself.  Absolutely terrible service. Got all the pictures will be putting them on social media shortly. And definitely sending to few  Hilton managers on LinkedIn, see if…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another GREAT break!,"For the last 18/20 years we have continued to stay here at this lovely hotel for lots of reasons, yes, the rooms are tired, but the very location makes up for it! The rooms are scrupulously clean with each and every staff member friendly and helpful, a special mention to the lovely breakfast team - back and front, who catered for our every need and nothing was too much trouble! Of course, we found it a bit eerie on our last visit with London being less busy, but all safety measures (especially housekeeping) that had been taken certainly made me/us feel very safe and secure. We have booked for our usual 'Christmas Shop' in November - last months visit was an Anniversary 'treat' - and treat it was!!",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never go back ,"We have booked this hotel for the first time and would be the last time. The room they give you is very dirty and aged, you don’t feel like you are in hilton, it’s like a motel definitely not a four star hotel.  When I gave feedback to the lady at reception she said she is happy to do a refund and we leave, this is not a customer care, very poor response.  The breakfast was really a waste of money, you can find lots of options outside the hotel in Westfield. ",Date of stay: September 2020,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great time,Amazing time over this lovely hotel Coming back soon  Pleasant staff and good locations It’s a winning to come to this hotel without any doubts  Debbie was very helpful and we would love to see you any time soon,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,"Stayed for one night on business.  Easy to find, 5mins walk from the tube and train, and a great location if you want to visit the city or Westfield Mall.  Room was good size for London, and check in service very polite. As ever food wasn't good and over priced",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Everyone is incredible   The staff is amazing   Everything was perfect    You will always feel welcome when you stay at the Hilton Kensington   We been  staying over 11 years and each time we are always very happy with our stay     It is the staff    The manager is always available checking and making sure everything is perfect     The front desk are so kind to us    And we are always happy at the Hilton Kensington     Excellent location   We just can’t recommend the hotel enough to everyone,Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Trip away,"I went down on a trip with my boyfriend for 2 nights and paid the £160 on arrival, when we left i was charged an additional £160 on my card and when i rang back was told it would be refunded in 24 hours. When i rang back the following day i spoke to an extremely rude woman at the desk who told me it would take 10 days. i am very disappointed in this and will not be returning.",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Olympia ,"Used this Hilton my my preferred was still closed   Used car park allocated underground space costly at £25 per night   Checked in standard service no mention of facilities or breakfast  Room on 5th floor , a very warn , a shabby room   Dined in restaurant as was participating in the government 50% of scheme   Able to order drinks food by app ! Loved this speeding up and lessens the burden to go to the bar each time   Food was great   Breakfast was superb ! No longer the buffet breakfast but hot English breakfast delivered to table   Check out was not great , it’s a popular hotel with cabin crew so they got preferential treatment, receptionist and manager just ignored me   I decided to use the app to check out   Won’t rush back and can’t wait for my other Hilton preferred hotel…",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable,Great food and great service! Will definitely be returning with friends and family. Rooms were spacious and vibrant. Plenty of good surroundings for food and leisure activities etc. Would recommend to anyone.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Get back and book!,"Just got back from this hotel after a quick weekend in London. The staff are lovely, the receptionist that greeted us and also checked us out was so friendly and the young English girl at breakfast was superb!   It is a shame as I believe the hotel was on 10% full, that’s 60 or 600 rooms being used. We felt safe and found everything to be exceptionally clean and noticed the extra effort staff were making to socially distance and sanitise. The peek of the virus has passed and with the effort the staff are making you will be confident in the cleanliness of the rooms and public areas,   Nice suite, our son loved his own room and we were more than happy with ours,",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My Cousin’ s Wedding in Baslov,"We stayed 2 nights here before our flight back after our 11 day trip. The hotel has very good breakfast. However, the restaurant has limited choices in their menu. It was good stay, since we were just resting, getting ready to back home. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Run down and disappointing,"We stayed here for the Valentine weekend as my husband booked for us to see Wicked. We didn’t expect it to be so far from the theatre as as the website for the theatres said nearby. Turned out to be quite far and cost us £25 in a taxi to get there and the same back. This was a package so beware when booking.  The public part of the hotel was beautiful, the seating areas and bar and check in was friendly and efficient.  Our room was on the fourth floor and although it was Valentine’s Day and we were a couple our room was very basic and dull. I was very disappointed as we have stayed at Hilton hotels before and never had such an awful room. The worst part was the bathroom!!! Absolutely terrible. More like an old cheap B&B in Blackpool !!! Brown stained sealant, grotty painted door…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,lovely stay,"comfortable room,staff were so helpful and friendly. Restaurant in the hotel was very convenient with good food.For us smokers a convenient outside refuge away from foot traffic. the gift shop was only open in the evening and was operated privately.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for Westfields,"Stayed here for one night.  Check in was quick & easy. The room was an average size but clean and tidy. The double bed was comfortable and had an all in one headboard with bedside shelves and lamps either side incorporated in it. In the room was also a corner armchair with a small table, a standing lamp, a desk with a desk chair situated in front of a large mirror, tea/coffee facilities, fridge, dressing gowns, slippers, iron and ironing board. The marble looking bathroom had a shower, no bath but the usual toiletries. As we had an executive room we are able to use the executive lounge where we were served food and drink in a lovely lounge which had plenty of seating arranged to be alone or in groups. It was a great way to meet people as we sat near a couple from South Africa…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice and quiet due to Covid 19,"This Hilton was clean and well organised with very polite and courteous staff. Take away breakfast was served in our room due to the restaurant being shut because of the virus, it was nice. TV and Wifi was also good.",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Attitude in difficult times... many thanks Hilton Kensington,I had stayed here before and was due to stay in March to visit my mother.  I had to cancel this booking as my flights were cancelled last month from Asia.  Even before the Hilton policy came out and even though I had a non refundable booking Hilton Kensington asked no questions and just gave me a full refund.  Excellent understanding and many thanks for great service.  (in contrast to IHG btw who refused to refund until company policy changed).  Hilton has my loyalty after this and IHG lost a Spire Elite customer.,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic customer service, good location","The hotel is a few minutes walk from Shepherds Bush station and Westfield mall. Room was clean, with a comfy bed, slippers and bathrobe.  Good variety at breakfast. Hotel has a lovely spacious reception, a nice break out area where you can work/have meetings and restaurant has a nice ambience in the evening.   Staff are friendly and welcoming. Special thank you to George (Guest relations/duty manager) for organising the room and extras, and to Marcelo (reception) who was professional, knowledgeable and ever ready to assist in whatever way he could. Also to Pedro in the executive lounge and Viorica in housekeeping.  They really are assets to the hotel.   Highly recommend and good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in london,"Great hotel, warm welcome, helpful staff.  Perfect location, short walk to Holland park subway, purple hop on, hop off bus stop right outside hotel door.  Westfield 5mins walk.    Would rate hotel 5 stars but decor slightly dated in some rooms.    Well done Hilton on whole though!!",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good value, great location ","Stayed on business for two nights.  Location: 5 minute walk at most from the tube station at most, located on Kensington high street so plenty of choice in regards to places to eat. Artisan bakeries, restaurants and well known establishments such as Nando’s. Short walk to Olympia.   Room: Double twin room, very clean, comfy beds with all amenities. Slightly out dated but clean and comfortable.   Breakfast: Hotel staff were extremely helpful and polite. Extremely organised and clean. Full range of foods from traditional hot breakfast, cereals, cooked meats and cheeses, fresh juices and coffee. Couldn’t fault.   Staff: Very accommodating, any issues they were on hand to help. Wifi was very good too and I was able to work without any issues.   On the whole; highly recommend, great…",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton? Let itself down.,"If your looking for an overnight stay that is central to London this hotel has a good location.   However be prepared the Hilton is not quite ‘the Hilton’ it used to be. Totally let itself down and if that was one of my hotels I would be disappointed.   The reception is beautiful however the rooms look completely run down and very old fashioned.  We spent £216 for 2 nights some people may think that’s fine to me it’s a lot of money but I thought because it’s the Hilton I knew it would be good value for money.   The hotel not only does it lack from standards but from service too and with the amount of money people are paying for accommodation, bar service, food, drink This is not acceptable.  My partner and I ordered a latte to takeaway the woman behind the bar did not know how…",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel!,"We enjoyed everything: the Hotel, the location, the food, the rooms, the services, the staff... Highly recommended for your next trip to London! Room very spacious, breakfast very rich and with lots of choices!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Holiday,Very good service. Friendly staff. We had a great reception. I can’t wait to stay again with you guys. It’s close to lots of attractions and metro. If you decide to go to London think about and stay at Hilton. 😉,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could do better,Stayed here one night with my teenaged daughter in a twin room. Apart from a dodgy mug (which leaked) and a former residents dirty socks left in a wardrobe the stay was as expected. Breakfast the following morning was great with an amazing selection from cereal and a full English too continental and pastries. The staff couldn’t be anymore helpful either.,Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My husbands birthday treat,"I booked a double room at the Hilton in Kensington as my husband and I were going to see Alanis Morisette for his birthday treat at this location and we needed a place to stay as we are not local. I emailed the reservation manager to ask if he could upgrade us as a special treat for my husbands birthday not only did he upgrade us, but there was also a piece of cake in the room for him which made his day. We had a wonderful stay and thank you to the reservation manager making it extra special for us. We will definitely be staying here again.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A real mixed bag - good service but poor rooms,"Stayed for one night on business, as the hotel was close to where my meeting and dinner were being held. I arrived at 4pm on a weekday. The hotel is located on Holland Park Avenue and is within walking distance of Holland Park and Shepherds Bush tube stations. Several buses run along the road too. In the vicinity, there isn’t much around the hotel, its mostly residential although there are some cafes by Holland Park tube and across the main roundabout, Shepherds Bush and Westfield are close by.   Reception was quiet and I was greeted with a smile and checked in. Service was friendly and efficient; I was asked my floor preference which was met – the very top floor and was directed towards the lift and told of breakfast times and location. Reception, the lobby and bar were clean,…",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel with a lot of potential,"We stayed with our two-year old for just one night as the hotel is located in the vicinity of an event we were attending. We had added out daughter to the trip on short notice and were pleased she could be accommodated at short notice and at no extra cost. To start with some good things: the location is great and the check-in was smooth and kind. No upgrade was available since the hotel was fully booked. The room was rather small (although it was one of the larger standard rooms we were told). Our baby cot was broken, so we asked for it to be exchanged and made (linnen, cover). It was exchanged but not made... No amenities were in the room: bathrobes and slippers were missing, the mini bar was empty. At check-out, we were told that things should have been put there since I was a…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous visit !,"Had a return visit here and exceeded expectations! Thank you. Staff were friendly polite and professional from check in onwards. Executive room very clean and nicely decorated with a lovely view of the park area. Executive lounge access a great bonus, good space although it was very busy when we arrived at 7:30! Good choice of drinks and snacks. Parking available at hotel. Bed and pillows very comfortable! Breakfast delicious, wide variety from healthy muesli fruit etc pastries, full English and curry’s. Pancakes were amazing! Walking distance to Westfield as well as many restaurants. Check out easy and quick. Thank you marvellous visit. We will be returning! ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Nicest Hilton I've stayed in.  Warm welcome at check in.  Lovely room on 7th floor. It was clean and bath in bathroom always good.   Breakfast was excellent, amazing selection for all dietary requirements, even pancakes which I loved. I'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed here for few nights during the week.  Overall it was a comfortable stay and went without a hitch.  I was impressed with the items in the breakfast spread.  The hotel is really well located for the Westfield shopping centre.  Staff were professional and the hotel has some good facilities.  I did find the room was a bit small and the decor does need updating including the carpet needing replacing. The bed was comfortable and clean.  The bathroom again could be updated and the shower tray was particularly old.  The only other issue I had was the temperature in the room which I could not cool, as it is winter this was not a massive issue.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay again,Was booked there as a part of Trafalgar tour package. It was perfect location. Bus stops right across the street. Tube station a little walk down. The staff was great at assisting. The hotel was clean and the rooms were well kept up and comfortable.,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed this hotel,We stayed here to visit Kidzania which is located inside the Westfield shopping centre near to the Hilton. Staff were excellent at reception and concierge. They were friendly and helpful. My child was sick when we arrived and they accommodated me by giving a late checkout the next day as I was uncertain about our plans as he wasn’t well. It wasn’t a problem at all for a late checkout. Breakfast had a good variety of everything and extremely organised also. Rooms were really small but had everything we needed and all the lovely extras. The chair in the double room converted into a sofa bed and housekeeping made it up for me immediately once I requested an extra bed. Again very good service. Thanks to the staff who seemed to really put effort into making residents’ stay enjoyable.,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good which can be better. ,"Hilton London Kensington enjoys a good location in London ( steps away from Westfield London, and just opp. of Royal Crescent bus stop ) superb convenient if you have to get around London, and their staff is pretty earnest and helpful. Some of them actually greet you, which is something rare I have seen in upscale London Hotels. ( especially some hotels which must not be named on Park Lane )  The room provided to us with a double bed seemed a little small for two adults, though the view overlooking the front of the hotel was very nice.  Was a little disappointed with the in room service food - A potato and leek soup which was bland and tasteless for the price paid but the room service was fast.  Overall our stay was hassle free and served the purpose and the internet worked…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,excellent location,very nice hotel with the best location in london regarding to my many trips to london so i recomend it to all my friends who are travelling to london and they will visit westfield shopping centre.and that is my opinion.,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay but rooms need a refurb,"Good location, comfy bed, good service, nice clean cut and modern lobby, bar, restaurant etc but the rooms themselves are in need of a refurb. Outdated and generally look like they haven't had any work done in a long time... a minor detail really but something i would expect staying in this quality of hotel and for the price you can pay to stay here.   ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, good value for money","The hotel price is reasonable. It has good work out rooms, one for cardio and another for free weight and weight machines, which gives more room. The executive lounge offers free tea/coffee all day and bar service in the evening, which makes it ideal place for work. It has working stations so You can hook your PC and be isolated from distortions. Transportation is very convenient, the bus stop is in front of the hotel, which will take you any place in London through the bus/tube. The food in the Coffee shop is limited variety but sufficient. The hotel is ideal for business traveler.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"My family and I spent just one Saturday night there. But we will definitely go there again. The breakfast was fantastic, with dishes from around the world, the location is a prime one, away from the crowds, and the friendliest, most helpful staff one could wish for, especially Concierge Rashid!",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Presidential Suite is a big let down,"We have stayed at the Hilton Kensington on numerous occasions and it serves a very useful purpose of being close to London and being very reasonably priced. However, for this visit I foolishly decided to pay the up grade to the ""Penthouse suite""! I think this is probably exaggerating it by a long way. This score is based on the presidential suite and it is still 4 for the normal rooms.  There is a bedroom, which is basically the standard room in the hotel, which is narrow and has the same bathroom as the other rooms. It then has an interconnecting door to the living area which is spacious but was cold as all the heating had been turned off in there and it was December. There are 4 areas in this living area, which then leads to a balcony, which overlooks an inner area of…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Silly Executive Lounge drinks policy!,"The rooms are rather past their prime, but they're well maintained and clean. Staff are friendly and helpful. Location is good, although Shepherd's Bush is a better description than Kensington. It's 15 minutes on the Central Line to the West End. I would have given the hotel 4 stars if it hadn't been for the ridiculous policy of not allowing a double during Happy Hour in the Executive Lounge. I'm an adult and fully capable of making my own decisions about how I like my gin and tonic. Don't be so cheap, or treat me like a nanny state. Change the policy and the stars go up.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"Good points,  ideal location. On the central line so easy for anywhere in London.  Close to Westfield. Good breakfast 😊  Bad points,  my room was OK but needs updating.  Lack of power points, no USB charging points.  Bathroom looked dated  ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mmmm... mixed feelings!,"Nice hotel – cheap for London, and very well located albeit not central – a bus stop just across the road services buses taking you into Oxford Street or all the way to Victoria Station.  Walk two minutes west and you find buses and the tube (Shepherd's Bush on the Central Line) allowing you to go everywhere.  Furthermore, at that location you find the Westfield shopping mall, filled with numerous high-level boutiques, department stores and lots of good coffee shops and restaurants. Staff at the hotel are as pleasant, helpful and cordial as can be expected.  Top marks to all of them!  The rooms are a bit ‘tired’, and rather on the small side – designed to be slept in, not ‘lived’ in – so they are perfect if you are in London and only need a place to sleep.  I had a second floor…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Lovely size room and very clean, had a small fridge in the room and robes and slippers to wear during your stay. Only a 5 minute walk to the tube station. Very nice staff, would defenatly go again. 2 pillows but they were feather so did go a little flat during the  night.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,warm welcome,"I was on holidays travelling to UK,I was looking for a nice place to stay and I found Hilton London Kensington the prices were unexpected and not over on my budget so I decided to stay with a good location close to the train and shopping mall, and there were warm welcome since the day I checked in the staff greeting and always smiled.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Downhill for the Hilton London Kensington.,"The Hilton brand used to be associated with a certain flair and finesse. Hilton London Kensington is at its best a pale shadow of what the brand used to be. The hotel slogan “Style and comfort in Kensington, London” appears to be a cruel joke or maybe just lack of insight  Location wise, the hotel has a perfect spot, close to public transport and Westfield shopping center. Sadly with a few exceptions, this is where the good part ends. Let me first address these exceptions. The front desk personnel and the guys at the Concierge desk are hardworking, service minded people. They greet you with a smile and try their best to make you feel at home. Sadly, the rest of the experience screams stay away from this hotel. I hope Hilton values your efforts, because you are the true champions…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Revisited  after previous unsatisfactory visit in November,The hotel seems to have got its act together the last 3 months and the reservation staff seemed more courteous and knowledgeable  . Breakfast was good and plentiful. The concierge was good. The rooms are still a little tired but i believe there is a refurbishment project started. The executive lounge was being done last weekend. The hotel manageress offered us various perks to make up for last times stay which were appreciated by us. So we would return in the future cos position is great for shopping centre and only a 15 min walk to Notting  Hill /portobello  rd,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,superb,"Staff were superb, friendly, efficient.  Very knowlegable on check in.  Rooms were clean and functional. Comfortable beds, substantial breakfast.  Very busy, but great selection. Thank you, superb experience.  See you soon.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful....,"I had the unfortunate experience of staying here for business travel last week for 6 nights. How they maintain their Hilton name is beyond me.  The hotel is old, the decor dated and dirty.  The carpets and walls had nasty stains on them, the doors were filthy and in dire need of paint and the grout in the bathroom was in total disrepair. Walls were paper thin, allowing noise from next door neighbors to travel into your space as if they were in the same room with you.  I have traveled extensively for work and pleasure and I can honestly say this was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.  I would avoid this hotel at all costs. ",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It was ok.,"Reception was not as professional as I expected. That was a disappointing start, but they worked at making it right. Still disappointed with the rushed service. Check out was a better experience.  We had drinks in the bar later in the night and they were nice approachable staff.  The room service was quick I and outstanding. We had pizza and it was yummy. The breakfast was amazing. So many choices.  The rooms are a little dated, but clean",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location and Fabulous Breakfast,"The location of this hotel is fantastic.  The breakfast is awesome, too.  The property is, however, too old and the rooms, very tiny and cramped.  Being 6'2 tall, my head was practically touching the ceiling whenever I used the bathtub.  My wife and I were constantly getting in each other's way in enclosure (Room) 2006.  If you are vertically-challenged and are not too fussy, you'll be good.  Otherwise, look beyond this property.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, pleasant hotel","Nice hotel close to Shepherds Bush and Holland Park. Limited offerings in Executive lounge during day, but lovely evening drinks hour. Rooms are fairly cosy but fine, and we had no noise from the road.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small, Tired Room","I spent 2 nights at the Hilton Kensington this week. First thing to note is the location- excellent for Westfield, and good bus connections into Central London, however this hotel is not really in Kensington, more Holland Park/Shepherds Bush (the Hilton Olympia, on the other hand, is on Kensington High Street so if that's where you want to be, book that one!). Check in was quick and easy, and all the staff were polite and friendly. The public areas are welcoming and well maintained,but unfortunately the same could not be said of my room- it was very dated and very small, although functional. The main issue was the bed, which sounded as if it were about to collapse every time I moved- it sounded like very loudly creaking floorboards, and was quite unstable! On the flip side,…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tour starts here,"We stayed here due to the tour that we booked was starting and ending here. The hotel, whilst comfortable is less than inspiring. It is however, a short walk to Westfield & the Shepherd’s Bush station.   Check-in/out was easy & the buffet breakfast was good.   Our room was small, but you get that in most London hotels. ",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Excellent stay, nice hotel, clean and tidy, great staff, really enjoyed the evening out in London, with a relaxing sleep through till 11am. Great breakfast and afternoon tea, close to most attractions.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location and pleasant service,"Good location, good service and Consierge were very helpful. Room was small, but clean and comfortable. Hotel is conveniently located, close to Tube stop.  There are a good number of small and affordable cafes within walking distance of the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very dated and gym is not what it looks like on website,"This hotel is well located. However, it seriously needs some repair. I was on the 6th floor, which had duct tape all along the walls in the corridors. My room was borderline mouldy.   I went to this hotel because it had a gym and I believed I could trust the Hilton chain. I was wrong. On the hotel website it has a free weight section, in reality, there were 2 kettlebells.   Not good for a Hilton.",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, efficiently managed, but charm of a youth hostel","The rooms were disappointingly small, stuffy and worn. Lots of coming and going traffic in the hallway, therefore noise and disturbance all night. Only British power outlet types and no USB ports for phone recharging. Everything, basic and in working order, but no perks or delights",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could do better!,Expected better for a Kensington Hilton. Doubt I would book here again based on the dated room facilities & unreasonable over inflated bar prices. Location is ok but this Hilton could do with updating its rooms & offering better value to guests.,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shabby and not so chic,"Our first room there were problems so we couldn't get a shower or a bath or a decent nights sleep despite promises nothing happened so we had to pack up and change rooms for the second night. The second room had various repairs to the walls the bathroom door was damaged and was very tired looking. There was little sound proofing so we could hear the guest next door having a bath at midnight and the whirl of their air con all night. The reception staff apologies were very hollow, clearly too used to apologising. Have stayed at various Hilton's before bu t this is the.last very poor for a 4 star hotel",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A huge disappointment! ,"I‘ve been coming to London for many many years and I always stayed at the Hilton in Islington, which I always enjoyed very much!  This time I wanted to try something new and went for the Hilton in Kensigton. Having been a guest at the Hilton in Islington for so many years I was expecting at least a similar experience at their Kensington branch.   That was not the case. The staff were kind and helpful, yes. But that was the only good thing about our stay.  The room was so unbelievably small, especially the bathroom. It was almost impossible to take fresh clothes into the bathroom with you because there was simply no space to put them anywhere.  The bathroom was also not very clean and the room in general does not live up to today‘s standards.   We didn‘t have a deal that included…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can’t go wrong with a Hilton,"Really enjoyed this hotel service was great the room was very clean as well, every Hilton I’ve been to the bed has been comfortable. I’d always choose stopping at a Hilton if the price is fair. The only thing I wish they’d do is provide more sugar sachets for the room, as when we both have sugar we don’t have enough, but very minor issue. Thank you for making our weekend great! ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family Trip to London,"We stayed here during the festive season, yes the rooms are not so great however the service is what makes up for everything.  Check in and check out was smooth, the staff were friendly and nothing was too much for them. They also listened to our feedback.   Breakfast was also good and surprisingly not too busy when we would come for breakfast. Also I was able to get a good breakfast even tho I had few allergies.   We visited the bar every evening and I must say the service here was without a fail,I had quiet a few dietary requirements and this didn’t stop me from having a great meal unlike in most places back home. The cocktails were superb and probably the best ones we have had.   Throughout our whole visit we met a lovely member of staff working in the bar.  If we remember…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,If the only reason you visit London is Westfield then...,The only reason I can recommend to anyone staying at this hotel is if they like shopping at Westfield.   Breakfast is not bad either most of the days.  But other than that there are definitely better hotels in London to stay.  Pitty that this property carry a brand name like Hilton.,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Narendra Jain..Archana Jain,"Recently, my spouse and myself stayed at Hilton London Kensington Hotel from 26th TO 30th Dec., 2019. The hotel shares a great location. Bus station is just 2-3 minutes walking distance from here. We were very impressed by the Kensington Hotel staff who were very friendly and supportive and resolved the issues in no time. Our flight from Delhi, India reached Heathrow very early at 6.00am. Completing all the formalities at the airport, we reached the hotel at around 9.00am, much early than our check in time which was 3.00pm. We requested the reception to arrange for a possible early check in. To our utter happiness they allotted us a good room within 15 minutes, though small in size. We thank the office for their understanding and hence, making our trip comfortable and also for…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location and facilities.,"Staff are professional, welcoming and couldn’t do enough for you. Easy transport links to underground. Plenty to see and do in the locality. Highly recommended. Close to restaurants, bars and shops. Short walk to Holland Park which is an ideal place to take in thr scenary. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An advised hotel for you next trip in London!,"A pleasant hotel, well located, warm and nice reception. The imprssion to be at home ! Very close to a train line to London (about 30 min by train to London city center). The perfect place to be able to discover Kensigton area.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Little tired but a good stay!,"Stayed for a couple of nights between Christmas and New YEar. Had read the mixed reviews, and yes it’s a little tired in places, but the price reflected this. All was clean. Reception swift, accurate and polite. Room clean with complimentary water etc. Carpet past its best, signs of wear and tear on the furnishings. We had a good night sleep on both nights. Star of the stay was breakfast, very good, caters for most tastes ( samosa,s,  hummus and salad a good addition!)  ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,TYPICAL HILTON,We booked this hotel for its close proximity to the Westfield Shopping Centre. Checking In was seamless and welcoming as always at any Hilton! The Room was clean but in our view tired and in need of refurbishment! We had Plumbing issues during the night which were not resolved at the time! However we felt that the duty manager adequately compensated us upon check out. Breakfast as always was spot on in terms of quality and quantity!,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Daughter’s birthday,"Stayed here for daughter’s 8th birthday trip to London for sights, show etc(from N. Ireland).Had a lovely stay. Staff very helpful especially at check in as I had lost all booking references and also lovely surprise of birthday cake, pastries, drinks in room upon arrival. Very close to tube station so great for transport links. Close to nice restaurants, cafes, bistros etc. Breakfast lovely too. Would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel is in a great location but the rooms need major renovations in my opinion. The decor was a bit dated and the bathroom was moldy and had some water damage. (The whole room had a bit of a Moldy odor to it). Breakfast here was great, and service was also great. There is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lower than expectations ,"On arrival the reception is clean and well presented but once checked in and the further you get away from reception the hotel becomes worse.  We were on the third floor. In the corridor to our room the carpet had lifted and was causing a trip hazard. This was reported to reception for us to be told “well no one else has complained”.  The room we were given was very sub standard. Small and cramped and not very clean either. The bed was very uncomfortable.  On our first night we went to the restaurant for a meal, we waited nearly 15 minutes to order drinks, which were expensive even by London standards. We were then told that a table would be another half an hour so we went elsewhere.  During the first night we were kept awake by a party in the ballroom, we were not informed of…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You expect much more from this Hilton hotel,"This hotel is located in central London and is close to Hyde park. However, you may get shocked when you see the hotel. The hotel is old and needs maintenance. I really felt that I didn’t get value for my money, specially when you have expectations from Hilton",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, horrible hotel","As a Hilton Gold member, I can say that the staff at the hotel were all very friendly and knew what they were doing, unfortunately the hotel itself had many issues.  I stayed there for 12 days, on day one the room I was put in (Room 2030) was incredibly small, the shower in the room had black mold behind the glass.  I asked to be moved to a larger room and the hotel staff did accommodate and moved us to a larger room (Room 2033) the next day.    I was on the second floor of the hotel, the wall paper in the halls was very worn and peeling back off the walls in several places, the carpet through out  the hallways and my room had stains everywhere (I have photos if you need for verification).  The shower / tub in my room had paint peeling from the ceiling, as well as what looked…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but needs some investment,"This hotel is well located for a stay around Westfield / Holland Park / Kensington areas of West London. The staff are well trained, attentive and very helpful. Unfortunately that is about all that I can be positive about.  Looking at the photos, some rooms may be refurbished. Unfortunately mine was not. It was very dark, the furniture was very worn and the bathroom was tiny. For the price paid it is very disappointing. The bar was very small and became very overcrowded,  I wouldn't choose to stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable location but tired.,"This hotel is well located for a stay around the Kensington area of London. We stayed for some days whilst visiting family, it is close to Shepherd’s Bush underground station, a 5-minute walk across a number of roads around the major roundabout and the London Westfield which itself is a huge and very good upmarket complex. We usually like the Hilton group and as a member you do accrue benefits for loyalty. The hotel however is rather tired, certainly compared to other London Hiltons, and this is probably reflected in the various tariff rates. The staff are very accommodating and good. The bar and restaurant area are small but nice and meals basic. The executive lounge is small, but you can access some business and refreshments at various times. The room itself we had was good…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Hotel lobby was good bar was good. Lift getting a bit old and shaky. As we got into the room it was alright, the first thing I saw was the toilet door. It was a sliding one which was broken on the edges. The toilet itself definitely was straight in front of the door. Other than that everything went smoothly also kinda weird view all we saw was air vents 🤨",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"Check In was very friendly and efficient. Room was clean but small, bet was comfortable though.  Bathroom was way to small but good water pressure in the shower.  Breakfast venue was nice and the breakfast hat a good selection.  Would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Damp sheets in room,Checked into hotel was about to sleep found damp sheets.  Had visitor from Africa who got annoyed and booked another room in addition to the one I had. Made a complaint was offered 5000 honours points like they doing me a favour. How embarrassing for Hilton to have service like that. Very degrading for a world known hotel. Definitely not recommended. Think twice before booking this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Probably the worst Hilton I have ever stayed,"Where to start. Extremely slow lift service. Water pressure in shower nothing more than a trickle. Stayed 3 nights and raised the issue that the TV reception was constantly cutting out - nit fixed after 3 days. Reception and restaurant staff very good - actual product is very old with, what seems, very low maintenance. Seemed to be primarily a group hotel when witnessing the breakfast period.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location.","Nice hotel with comfortable rooms and very close to shops and transport. Had a good view from my room. The bathroom was adequate but a bit of a step over the bath to the shower. Ice easily available from a ice machine. It would be good to have a power out,et near the bed to make it easy to use iPads/phones.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What a beautiful Xmas stay!,"We went here for Christmas Day and stayed one night.  The staff was amazing, so helpful and accommodating.  Especially the receptionist Chiara and Concierge, thank you so much for your hospitality it meant so so much to us.  The hotel is cosy warm and very clean.  The food was great too.  It is all you want!  Thank you all so much.   Merry Xmas & A Happy New Year 2020!🥰",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small Rooms, not new, breakfast vegetarian/vegan friendly, very good service!","The rooms are small, if you have like two cabin luggage, and a 20kg bag plus the shopping you may make, then it is difficult for two people to walk within the room. The breakfast was great! It has many options for vegetarians and vegans. Very good internet, very good bar as well. The rooms were clean as well. Small bathroom.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovey hotel,"This hotel is perfect for a short break. It’s right next to Westfield shopping centre and a tube station which is convenient.   Room had all the amenities you’d expect, although it was a little noisy. Didn’t eat in any of the restaurants or bars but they looked nice. Would definitely return. ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Noisy bed probably spoilt and dated room ,"I recently decided to give Hilton a chance to see if the quality has improved but this hotel is probably one of the worst I have stayed at.  No doubt I booked using a deal, however the bed in the room is probably spoilt. Spring noise at every slight movement. This is the first time I have EVER encountered such a bed in my life.   Any slight movement is extremely noisy. How can anyone get any rest here!  I will never return after these 2 nights and will tell all my friends not to ever book here ever again.  Can’t wait to get out...  So much for booking all Hilton hotels for the past 8 days.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,5 star review for Hilton Kensington.,"THE hotel for a family stay if visiting Olympia. Stayed overnight as going to an evening show. 15 minutes easy walk from venue on a well-lit route. Hotel secure and staff very professional, friendly and welcoming.  Cannot fault our standard twin room... comfortable beds, modern and clean. Breakfast was fantastic -the best I have had in any hotel! Staff are very attentive and nothing is too much trouble. An excellent stay and I will be returning.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Olympia trip,"Booked in for 2 nights as a treat for my Mum whilst attending the Olympia Horse show. Perfect location, 2 minutes walk to Westfields, and one stop from Olympia. room was clean although the bathroom needed a little TLC (loose and cracked tiles everywhere!) Breakfast was lovely, great choice! Staff were all very friendly and accommodating, thank you ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An average Hilton property...,"The property’s current rating, 3.5 stars, is understandable. I‘ve been a Diamond member for several years and have come to expect better. Rooms are always smaller in Europe, which is fine, but the Deluxe Double room was tiny. The executive lounge was packed each day and the servers were not able to keep up with clearing tables...it was a mess the three times we popped in there. Tables were dirty, seats stained, crumbs all over the floor.   And then there’s the lobby bar...we went once for drinks and had to order at the bar and go back up from the lounge area to retrieve our drinks. Servers were there, but never checked on us or delivered our drinks that had been sitting at the bar.   I’ve selected three stars as the small room was clean/fresh, housekeeping did a nice job, front…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hotel is lovely, lobby bar...not so much ","If you want terrible service, come to the lobby bar here in the Hilton! Having to move on because no one has come to help us in...25 minutes and counting. The hotel side of it has been lovely though. Executive lounge had nice bites but got really busy in the evenings. ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location for a spot of sopping,"nice hotel, good location for Westfield. room comfy with good walk in shower (just need to sort out the pillows, which are not supportive at all - not even the foam ones).  good selection at breakfast.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not bad,This hotel is very near the Shepherd’s Bush roundabout and Westfield shopping centre. The rooms are tired and in a need of renovation. The breakfast was fine but very crowded. Exec lounge was ok with reasonable food offerings. I would stay again but only on a great rate,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as advertised,"This hotel was a huge disappointment.  The room was nothing like it was pictured on the hotel website.  The furniture is outdated and shabby.  I booked a junior suite since we needed 2 separate sleeping areas and asked to have a room with 2 bathrooms.  I was told none were available for the whole time of my stay and so I requested that we be moved to 2 single rooms, since the 1 bathroom was only able to be accessed by going through the bedroom, but was told that was not possible also.  I was given the option of relocating to another Hilton property the following day, but since we had another person in our party staying in another room, that was not an option for us Depending on what you want to do in London, be careful about this location.  There is a large Westfield Shopping…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay in London Westfield Area,"Great location. About three (3) minutes walk to the Westfield London shopping centre and the Central line Sheperd Bush Tube Station.   Friendly and very helpful staff.   Clean room.  However, the gym is small with limited equipment but enough to keep you fit.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"COLD, Old, Small and claustrophobic","I've stayed in the hotel for 2 nights. The heating in the room could not warm up the room to more than 19-20ºC while it was on MAX.  I asked for another heater and was able to get it up to 22ºC and the blanket wasn't very thick either. The AC/heater has no temp. control panel to set a desired temp.  I used my own thermometer to measure the temp. I came healthy to the hotel but after 2 nights there, freezing and being unable to sleep because it was that cold, I became sick with cold and possibly the flu.  Also the safe deposit box in the room was too small to hold my laptop in it (any other hotel I go to has a safe big enough for a standard 13"" laptop!).  Room facilities and infrastructure is old and worn out.  Not enough power sockets for the modern traveller/businessman…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,The hotel staff rooms food and ambiance was amazing. Excellent staff and concierge is so helpful and the view of hotel is amazing I can rate this hotel for 7 star even more. Please do not hesitate to stay here. Thank you,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean but old and tired room,Staff were lovely. The bedroom was clean but very tired looking. Bathroom was like a sauna and smelt damp. We got it on a cheap deal so was worth the money. Very close to the Shepard’s bush tube. Great location if you’re wanting to shop in Westfield  ,Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Vacation in London/ Buckingham Palace,Buckingham palace is a must see when you travel to London England.  It’s a very beautiful palace you will not be able to take pictures inside the Palace but it’s a great experience.  You will be able to take pictures in the garden once you exit the palace and also in the gift shop as well as the entrance.   It was just great to be there for the experience I’ve included some pictures for your review.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Booked by Trafalgar,"Our first night here wasn't great by any means.  The room was hot and stuffy when we arrived and we couldn't adjust it.  Ended up opening the window to try to cool it down.  Being on a main Street, that was a loud mistake. Reported it in the morning and they sent maintenance while we were out for the day.  Came back to find a note that the a/c was broke and they wanted to switch our room. Called down and was offered free dinner for the inconvenience. In a world where no one seems to care any more, I call that excellent customer service, especially when we weren't paying for the room directly. Water pressure was good and room was clean with only minor flaws. A/C in the 2nd room worked great too.  My only complaint would be that the beds were too firm for my liking, but better…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Okaaaay,"300 for two nights.  I acquiesced to their constant emails to upgrade but the new room’s carpet was v stained. I had to leave a note for the cleaner to dust the room and they put us in a double after confirming I’d have a twin. Beds absolutely concave in 507 so expect a back ache.  Does the manager ever stay over to check his, her or they rooms?  Come and stay at mine . You’d have a lovely clean twin room, beautiful comfy beds and a view - all for much less.   More attention to detail please!  Oh - and clean your accessible windows fgs.  Staff v friendly but there’s a balance I find in hotels - you get great rooms and mediocre service or friendly service and v mediocre rooms !   Here, the latter- but still alive to tell the tale :-)",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, location and value for money.","Stayed in this hotel for one night and whilst it may not impress like other Hilton’s I’ve stayed in, I have no complaints as it was good value for money and I enjoyed the stay. Location is great as 2 min walk from Shepard’s bush underground and overground stations, Westfield white city shopping centre which was superb and short drive away from Knightsbridge. Stayed in the executive room which was nice however felt like nothing more than a standard room should in a Hilton hotel. The corridors were outdated and many parts of the hotel do need a refurb however couldn’t expect any better for the price I paid. Executive lounge was good and breakfast was nice. Gym was small but did the job, there was also a sauna and steam room which I did not use. Staff were friendly. Overall I would…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected,"Tatty, smelly & dirty with bloodstains rooms, mouldy bathrooms and heating failed in one room. They were very quiet for being in the city. Major investment is urgently required. Breakfast buffet - plenty of choice but was cold! Staff were lovely and tried there best ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Moderately good Services,"I spent 9 days in Hilton Kensington. It is a moderately good hotel that requires attention in several areas. It is at times difficult to get a response from reception after a telephone call, on several occasions my room was not cleaned up until end of the day. Otherwise dining facilities are extremely good. A wide variety of food to chose from and excellent concierge service. Another minus is the distance from the hotel to the nearest tube station, Holland Park. Otherwise all good in my view. But it will not be my first choice during my next visit to London",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a renovation ,"Location was nice. 'ın front of the hotel you take a bus 94 and it goes directly to piccadilly circus trough oxford street. Near by there is a shopping center. Close to center but the hotel, quality, cleaning,  staff needs an upgrade. I ordered an hamburger around 14.00pm and waited 30 mins+ . I am hhonors diamond and my room was upgraded. Thanks but again it is a cheap hilton ....",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This hotel needs a complete make over!,"We choose this hotel because it is close to the underground station of Shepherd’s Bush. This is very helpful, due to very dense traffic in London. The subway is still the fastest way to move around the city. The hotel is situated in a rather calm area of London, but also nearby the Westfield shopping centre and lots of restaurants and shops, which makes this areal lively in the day but quiet at night time. It is a city hotel, so we didn’t expect a room with a view. We stayed for five days we booked a suite to have the space and the comfort. As we checked in, we were said that the room had to entrances. We went up to the second floor and opened the door that was the closest to the elevator. It was a small, very small bedroom, with an even smaller bathroom. It was very difficult…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs room refurbishment.,"For the price, I felt that the quality of room decor was disappointing, quite tired and dated. Had to stoop under the shower to get wet, bathroom needs refurbishing, as would the whole room benefit.  Reception, bar and breakfast area are all quite reasonable. ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Far below Hilton's standards ,"I stayed here for one night and unfortunately had the poorest experience out of any Hilton hotel I've been anywhere in the world thus far. I'm honestly surprised that Hilton corporate has allowed this property's standards to fall so far.  -Upon check in, the wait was very long with no one working the Hilton Honors check in desk for quite some time. As a Diamond Member, I did receive a room upgrade, but as noted below, there were still several issues with it.  -The toilet in the room didn't flush properly (took 3-4 tries to finally work).  -The shower in the morning had no hot water (barely warm at best).  -The room overall badly needed to be remodeled and refurbished. The carpet was old and stained (see attached picture) and the bathroom door showed obvious signs of wear and…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but rooms are tiny!,When we arrived we were told that the room we checked in on the app was not available and that we’d have to be moved. The room was tiny for what you pay and freezing! We came back from our dinner and it had been flooded by another guest which was horrible at 1am. Overall not a great stay given the price and what you would expect from a Hilton. ,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad service and poor value for money,"I can only assume this hotel coasts mostly on its convenient location because it's not got much else going for it. The room was fine and the bedroom was clean, but the bathroom was mouldy. Breakfast had a decent selection but not great quality. The gym was very well equipped and easily the best part of the hotel. However, what really let the place down was the service. I've never been to a hotel with such consistently bad service from staff across the board. The reception staff were not particularly friendly, and frankly some of them were openly smug and rude. Two different members of reception staff also failed to clearly explain how the parking worked. Staff throughout the hotel seemed to lack basic hospitality skills, like smiling, saying 'Good morning' and answer queries…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Starving in London,Do not come here if you're here for the food. It ruined my stay. Everyone seemed confused when I had a question too. Was very unimpressed and likely won't stay here unless I absolutely had to again. Sad. ,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Hiltons best,"Just a tired building in need of upgrade and a bit of attention to detail.  It was value for money at £147 in this location but the room was below average.  Frayed carpets,  chipped woodwork, shower needs filling, vent dusty and mirror was not clean.  Could do better!  Staff polite and cheery notwithstanding.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Get dirty room when check in,"When i check in. No one escort me to check in and offer assistance such as luggage service, welcome drink , etc and more over i Get dirty room when i arrive to room at 23.00hrs.  Guest room very old. All furniture ate crack and out of date. ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"I booked my afternoon tea through groupon, and what I experienced was completely different to what was promised on their site. The service was awful and their afternoon tea snacks was stale. Don’t recommend.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag ,Folks stayed in the hotel in 2007 2008 and 2009.  Unfortunately the rooms and main decor has stagnated. Staff amazing and trying their best to keep a relic appealing to the modern day tourist. Hilton same on you. This gems location should be 4 star. It’s below premier inn. Not because of the staff. Btw staff great.  The investment none existent.  I was upgraded to a room same size only a Marble worktop.  Are yous taking the piss Hilton.  I won’t be back. If I could change after one night I would. And again not because of the staff. But because it’s a 2 star decor with 5 star staff ,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A decent hotel in the heart of London,"My wife and i visited London last month. Our purpose was to just chill and relax, having been to London twice before. We planned to roam around, walk, pub hop, and shop. For this we needed some accomodation in center of the city. Hilton Kensington provided the exact location. Situated in Kensington, just a 5 minutes leisurely walk fron Shepherd's Bush Underground station, connectivity was no issure. Westfield Mall, one of the largest with a plethora of nice restaurants and plenty of opportunities to shop was bang opposite. Cannot get a better locality. As for the hotel I found the rooms on a bit smaller side. I had booked a superior room and on top was given an upgrade so I was on the top seventh floor which was one of the largest in the property. The room was clean, neat and…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Slightly disappointed,"Booked a twin room but when we arrived discovered that we were given a double room. Sharing a double bed with your 19 year old son is just not right! They then brought in a camp bed which I just thought for £120 per night was unacceptable. They did move us room on our second night to a twin room! The room was just OK for the price. The beds were extremely noisy and creaky and not the most comfortable. The air conditioning/heating system was archaic to me and did not work! I really thought that for the price, area and hotel chain that I would really have nothing to complain about but I was very surprised!",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can't imagine how bad a Hilton hotel is!,"After I parked my car, I found that there was No lift to the lobby! We had 3 BIG luggages and the only way to bring everything to the lobby was by the Disable lift! When we went up to the room, we smelled awful smell like hospital along the hallway all the time. We were surprised how SMALL the room is! You can't even open up the suitcase without blocking the whole room!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but not a Hilton experience,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for just one night after my business trip stay at 11 Cadogan Gardens. The stay was comfortable but didn't feel like a Hilton property, more like a budget hotel. It is understandable  that staying in Kensington London will get you less for your money, but the property is need of a makeover. The service staff was however on point and very helpful and breakfast was satisfactory. ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Large and functional but ageing hotel on fringe of Kensington,Friendly and helpful staff and public areas fresah and new but bedrooms and other aspects of hotel tired and much in need of refurbishment. Don't be misled by the location in the hotel name it's actually in Shepherds Bush.,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor service,Very poor service. Dirty food trays left in corridor for very long periods of time. Breakfast room very poor service and tables left uncleared for long periods of time.  Unable to obtain a hot drink at 11PM as staff had already turned off the machine.   ,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,Holland Park is a lovely bit of west London and the hotel was easily reachable from the A40 and perfectly located for many of London’s gems. The staff were friendly and went out of their way to help - enabling us to check-in early. Car parking at the hotel was straightforward and reasonably priced for London. The buffet breakfast was excellent - offering a wide selection of well cooked food - and was well worth the price. My only criticism is that the rooms and particularly the bathrooms are all in need of upgrading. The bathroom was tiny and a bit shabby - with an extractor fan that doesn’t work and fixtures & fittings in need of an overhaul. The Hilton brand means you expect the rooms to be better than this. Otherwise - a very pleasant stay. ,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Faded,"Oh dear! This has been a regular place to stay, convenient for children and grandchildren for a number of years. We will not be back. It seems stuck in the '70s. Poor rooms. Poor bathrooms (our hand basin did not drain; the lavatory needed bleach). The TV did not work on the one occasion we tried to use it. The staff seemed demoralised and indifferent to requests for remedial attention. the Executive Lounge is no longer a place to linger, with poor staff responses to user requests. Avoid. It is NOT value for money.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely beautiful,Stayed here for a few nights in October it was beautiful we had a fabulous twin room with an amazing view and the staff were very helpful and fantastic. Specially Julie the lady at the front desk was very very helpful.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,None,"The six floor hallway and rooms are nasty have mold on them, not up to Hilton standards.There are different rooms on different floors some are cleaner and better than others. I would not recommend this hotel until it is re-vamped",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Room, Rate and Restaurant","I am partial to the Hilton chain because it's member program is among the best. I was very pleased that this location held up to it's name.   Good:  - the staff was amazing, from check-in to concierge - they were always helpful especially with our day trip planning - The room was great - spacious, had everything we needed, good bed, fridge, TV, kettle and closet plus a little table and chairs  - Comfy bed  - Good control of room temperature and it had a digital clock  - We got our waters (although no snacks), and the breakfast was first rate - the buffet was fantastic quality  - towels were lovely and thick and hair, soap and bodywash products were nice   Not the greatest - the bathroom was very small my knees hit the sick from the toilet and to have a shower - you had to step…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel - great location and wonderful staff!,"Another wonderful stay at this hotel - within 5 minutes walk of Westfield Shopping Centre at White City.  Rooms are compact, but comfortable with all the usual Hilton amenities. The executive lounge on the ground floor is large, with a good choice of food and drink in the early evening.  Unfortunately, there is little else to tempt you in throughout the day, other than a plate of cakes around 3pm and various other items like olives, pretzels and fruit.  Lifts are keycard operated.  The wi-fi is a bit hit and miss at places throughout the hotel, but generally ok. Bar and restaurant area is always busy with plenty of food and drink choices, although there is plenty of options at Westfield, if you don't mind walking there.  A bus stop is directly outside the hotel (in both…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and clean ,Stayed 2 nights and handy as a base 5 mins walk to tube and bus station Clean and comfortable room and bathroom Staff friendly and welcoming In need of some TLC in places - bath panel damaged and sink kept blocking   ,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Far away from the international Hilton standarts,"I visited many Hilton hotels worldwide, had never saw a building in such bad conditions. The room rate is not the value for money. Breakfast, 21 pounds but the variety of food is very poor. İt is far away from İnternational Hilton standarts",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Place,"good breakfasts and great receptionists. 5 stars for their respectful and kind approach. Pretty lovely experience! Staff were very very friendly and helpful   I also got upgraded to a larger room, which was nice. I recommend staying here if you go to London.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,60th Birthday Party,Fantastic venue & Team. Right from the booking to the day of Event.Orsolya was patience and helpful. Making sure all went well. ALExsandor was helpful on the day nothing was too much a ask. The Chefs were supportive,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"It has Hilton in it's name, but it's far from the Hilton standard","It's an OK hotel. 3 Stars at best. Just not worthy of the Hilton brand name. I stayed in 6 different ""Hiltons"" in London, and they are all superior to this one. Nice and quiet location with a bus station right outside the hotel that can bring you the center in less the 30 minutes but that's about it. Small room, old bed, squeaky door, a 3 stars hotel kind of experience... the staff was really slow and really not keen to help (something I NEVER felt in Hilton as a member). I asked for a late check out and they told me they asked me for money which felt a bit shameful... For it's price you can get a much better hotel in London",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Haven’t Even Stayed Yet...,"Wanted to write a quick review regarding the helpful service I received when booking my Hilton Hotel at London Kensington. I needed to get in touch with the hotel regarding our room facilities, I did this via Twitter & they got in touch with hotel for me, it was helpful, prompt & very friendly. I look forward to coming to stay with you.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff too slow and not trained,Bad experience. I did not think this was up to the Hilton standard. Staff not always trained and too slow to respond. Hotel needs some refurbishment. Will not come back to this hotel. Not worth the price.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Awful room, awful experience","Stayed 1 night on business. As a female travelling alone i am careful when booking a hotel room. I expect it to be safe and comfortable. I hadnt realised i had booked a single room but as it was only for 1 night i decided it would be fine. The room was awful. Small, pokey and in a corner of the hotel, near the lifts with a view of the back of the hotel overlooking the maintenance buildings and concrete roofs. There was also a dreadful smell, i am not sure what it was. Anyway i headed into the bathroom as i had been travelling for a while and needed to use the facilities. It was then that i realised i could not get out of the bathroom. The door was on tracks as it was a sliding door and something, but i could not see what, was stopping the door from sliding open. There was no way…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel stay,"My family and I stayed at Hilton Kensington London for six nights. We found the location excellent, rooms comfortable and breakfast good. The staff were courteous and helpful. Room cleaning was satisfactory but could improve a bit. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Very good destination but the building is very old with very small rooms, very small English breakfast. There is no spa. The staff was very unhelpful. I can recommend you the restaurant. They are cooking very tasty.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Value and Underrated ,Having read some of the other downbeat reviews ahead of my visit I was slightly apprehensive to visit the hotel. I need to say that I feel many of those negative comments are uncalled for and not representative of what this hotel really offers. For a great value price and within easy walking distance of Shepard Bush tube and overground stations (on the central line; open for the night tune Friday and Saturday) and right next to a bus stop that leads to Oxford Circus!  The staff I interacted with were more than pleasant and everything we asked for they helped with which is something that is invaluable and often hard to come by. Sure the rooms may not have USB sockets in every wall but this is not common of any hotel I have visited (and I work away from home regularly). When this…,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This Hotel lets  the brand down!,"Booked hotel as generally you can rely on a ""Hilton hotel"" and also because we are member of their rewards program   The hotel is situated in a good position for access to the  Westfield shopping centre and the reception areas are acceptable and pleasant  However the room we had on the fourth floor was very tatty. The bedroom carpet was stained, the room was dark as the standard upright light fitting did not work and nor did the light near the cupboard that accommodates the kettle.  The digital alarm on the dressing table was an hour wrong due to it not having been changed even though the hour went back the previous week ! and it was not possible to be altered by a guest. The shower cubicle grouting had black mould in the corners of the shower tray. Our daughter had kindly paid…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It ain't so bad..,"Stayed for a couple of nights at the weekend to attend a concert at the Bush Empire. As locations go the hotel is ideally placed for transport into the city centre, so that's a plus from the off. The hotel is very 70s the mid 80s in its feeling cant describe it any other way. Every time I opened the wardrobe I expected Peter Wyngarde to pop out!! Its true though, it does need a big, big freshen up.  I was in a deluxe double and I can say without fear of contradiction that the fixtures and fittings had seen better days. That said, the room was comfortable with appropriate amenities. I decided against having breakfast at the hotel, at £15 a pop I thought it a bit steep.  Compared to other Hiltons I've stayed in, take Rochester, New York State, the Kensington Hilly doesn't…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Rooms ,"Just had an overnight stay at Hilton Kensington, our first experience of the Hilton chain.  First impressions were good and entrance , reception bar and communal areas looked modern and clean and tidy . Booking in was easy and we were informed we were being upgraded to a better room which we loved hearing . We made our way to the 3rd floor and into our room , disappointing! The room was very tired , carpet stained and bathroom was shabby but clean. We were disappointed as we thought Hinton was a good name in the Hotel world? Breakfast though was a different level , great choice and food galore !  Come on Hilton get those rooms updated !!  ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel ,"Did one night at this hotel, it’s quite expensive (London prices) luckily it was paid by Tesco club card!  Positives were the lovely breakfast in the morning, there was a safe and mini fridge in the room .  The only downside was that I’m clearly not used to London prices and was expected to have a bath for that money and was looking forward to one after walking many miles ",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good all round,"A good experience all round. Welcome and efficient check-in was a great start , The room with large bed, was quiet and comfortable. Dinner in the bar area was first class with friendly service. Breakfast wasn't quite up to that standard but was still ok. Overall a very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don’t stay...,"The rooms are small and tired, on site parking is costly. Early check in was a disaster, the staff were happy to call housekeeping and get a time and each time we went back to get our keys the room was still not ready. The Duty manager did try to make it right but it was far too little too later. The room we stayed in was small with nowhere to sit for two people.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It’s hard to review what you haven’t seen!,"The hotel lobby was clean, the staff were polite and the location is excellent for Westfield. I know this isn’t something many people struggle with, and I totally take on board this is my issue not the hotel’s, but I don’t use lifts (elevators for our American friends). I absolutely never, under ANY circumstances, use lifts so I always request a low floor.  My son and I checked into the Hilton London Kensington without a problem until they realised I needed to access the room from the stairs. Now I’ve stayed at this hotel previously so I know they do have stairs - all hotels have stairs obviously - but after a fair bit of faffing it was confirmed that if I wanted to use the stairs I’d have to be accompanied (not a problem, this is sometimes the case). After a bit more faffing it…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,Great location! The location of this hotel is ideal if you want to use either the subway or the overhead trains as I was able to take public transportation easily with just 5 mins walk. . Also Westfield mall is just a stone throw away if you wanted to do some serious shopping.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Warm welcome,"We were very warmly welcomed by a porter who later took our cases up to our room. The room was fine but not the bathroom. The bathroom floor tiles were cracked. The door frame in the bathroom was going rotten. There was the remains of a metal door stop which must have had a round end at one point but now was a tube which was making holes in the bath panel. The rubbish bin in the bathroom was broken. The staff were extremely helpful especially the porter and the man who printed out one of our OMG vouchers for us. The breakfast was one of the best we have had in a hotel of that size. There was plenty of cereals, fruit, yogurt fresh or in tubs. Eggs, sausages, etc and a large section on pastries which unfortunately we were to full to try. You have to give your room number at the…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Do NOT stay here,"We stayed at the Hilton London Kensington last month for a few days (September 2019) The location is not central, the rooms are small and shabby. The toilet flush did not work, the heating and cooling did not work and we had to get the hotel mechanic to fix it.  The safe was faulty. We got charged twice for our dinner (when I checked my travel card statement) and am now trying to obtain a refund. The  porter left behind our luggage in the room on a trafalgar bus tour and we arrived in York, with our luggage  containing medicines missing, the concierge 's customer service was terrible and was not interested in helping us at all. In short, STAY AWAY from the Hilton Kensington, London. Bad mistake.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Should have slept in my car.....,"For the money you pay this hotel is not worth it. The pictures on there site to what the room actually looks like is completely different. The bathroom is disgusting with stains and marks. It looks as if the hotel hasn’t been bothered with. I would have had a better stay in my own car than staying here. The hotel for its location is extremely poor and I would highly recommend to stay away, mainly due to the rooms. The entrance and bar area look nice but the rooms and bathrooms as horrendous. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms need updating,Staff was wonderful and this is a great location.  But the rooms definitely need updating.  Old and cracked bathroom tile.  Bed was not very comfortable.  Bathroom mirror is situated in such a way that it is in a very dark space.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Met up with family members here who are gold members with Hilton.... Staff on the front desk did not acknowledge us as they should have done !! The least that we where expecting was a warm professional met and greet which we certainly did not get  -Given a double bed instead of two singles/twin room so had to get a new room  -Absolutely nothing in the fridge had to get room service just for bottles of water !! -The tea making facilities only had one tea spoon and only only 3 pods of milk. -Mattress very hard, the floor was just as comfortable. -The only good thing about this hotel was the breakfast and that was superb in both the cooked selection and the continental ",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good position, small rooms",This hotel is in a great position . Westfield shopping centre is only a 5 minute walk.  However the rooms are very small and dated and incredibly warm. The bathroom was the smallest I have seen in a hotel and would be a challenge for anyone who had any mobility issues.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor for a Hilton,Stayed here a few months ago and have never stayed in such a small room. You could hardly move around the bed. The room had a musty smell which was not very pleasant - thank heavens I was only there for the one night. I would not stay here again at the price they charge!,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Too expensive /small rooms,Too expensive Small room even the upgrade  Uncomfortable bed that make noise Old bath and shower  Poor ventilation system  Narrow car park Good location  Nice staff Very noisy if you open the window  One of the worse booking by phone customer service ,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best,"I loved to service. From housekeeping to breakfast staff  everybody was perfect. Thank you so much again.  Rooms are clean, breakfast was good. Hotel is the center of the city. I feel like my at home. Thank you Hilton brand.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing spectacular ,"Visited as husband was playing at the Royal Albert Hall. For the price the room was very basic, and not as clean as I would expect from a Hilton. We had a lamp that didnt work, broken tiles and taps stained with green limescale. All in all underwhelming. But a good breakfast and the rooms were quiet and dark when curtains were drawn. Staff were helpful and it was idea for travelling to the Albert hall as only around 10 minutes by taxi which cost approx £13. The car parking facilities at the hotel, although tight were adequate and priced according to what you'd expect of a major city. All in all not a bad stay just not what you would expect from a Hilton and the price that entailed. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but not Hilton-quality","Other than the location, everything else was very ordinary. I stayed twice here: no issue during the first stay (room and toilet were both pretty small and dull, but I expected that).  During my second stay however, I checked in pretty late at night after a long day at work only to find that my key card did not work for the room. After going back to the lobby and up again with a new card, I found that they gave me a single room instead of the double room that I booked. At that point I was too tired to go down so I called the reception but they said there wasn’t any mistake and to come down the next morning to check again. Plus, the hotel was fully booked. Honestly I wouldn’t have minded if it wasn’t for the fact that the bed was extremely very uncomfortable and the pillow just…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel. Great location. Amazing staff,"This hotel is centrally locates in Shepherd’s Bush, close to underground and shopping and the staff were very warm and friendly.Bathrooms could do with a little more TLC. Everything else excellent. Down to staff giving us an extra hour for check out without hesitation. Kudos!",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small but good value for money,We spent a weekend in London and stayed here for a night. The staff was very kind and helpful and the room was clean. The room didn't have any slippers or robes which I think would have been nice! The room was small but the part that was a big minus for us was the shower. It was tiny and the door kept getting stuck. Also the way it opened was very awkward. Other than that we enjoyed our stay.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Double charged,These big hotejs are at it again. They just double charge cos the staff havent been trained. Every one in reception as clueless as the next   whst can we do about it cos they get away with time after time,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst experience in 25 years,"The hotel is old and dirty. Breakfast is good. This morning at 9:50 am I saw the worst thing in 25 years that I stays in hotels all over the world. A client with a small dog let his poo just in front of the executive lounge/breakfast lounge. Nobody clean it for 20 minutes! Amazing, downtown London in an Hilton! Of course the client, worst than his dog, didn’t care. But also the staff didn’t. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another pleasant stay for our anual christmas decco shopping!,"Excellent location - and a great all-round hotel - that's why we continue to stop here, we park the car safely & cheaply over at Westfield, a walk across the road is the tube station and a bus-stop right outside hotel! The room was looking tired and although the carpet looked new(ish) it was badly stained in 3 areas with what looked like dark coffee spillage, housekeeping seemed to have slipped a little, as the bathroom had lots of old dried water stains down the back of the door and all down the lovely black marble, also a lot of sludge in the sink hole of the washbasin. The bed was extremely hard and uncomfortable and springs were 'clanky' every time we moved or got in and out of bed! Breakfast was of it's usual high standard, and we liked the refurbished breakfast room, a…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Bad Everything Else","This hotel has a pretty good location. It's directly across the street from a major mall that has a ton of shops and various restaurants to eat at. The breakfast is quite varied and everything tasted good not great. However, this is the highlight of the hotel. I stayed in an Executive King room.  The room was very outdated and worn throughout. Additonally, there were stains on the towels in the bathroom and the bed was very hard.  I litterally woke up in pain the two nights I stayed here. The concerige was very rude.  After several times of saying ""hello"" I just quit.  Looking back I will not stay here again as there are much better hotels at this price point with better service.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent location, Average hotel and the worst concierge","We were on vacation to the UK and stayed at this property, primarily due to its location and the Hilton brand. The room is basic, the fittings are outdated and in fact, I would go on to say that it misses all the luxury and finer touch one might associate with the Hilton brand.  The breakfast is quite lavish.   Our worst experience was when we were to drop our luggage at the left luggage facility at the hotel. We had told them that we will be back from Scotland, and pick the luggage and leave for the airport, which was agreed by the concierge team two days before our travel. They had even mentioned the rates since I wasn't a platinum member. On the day of the travel to Scotland, with just an hour to go before boarding the train, the concierge tells us that they couldn't store…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, Bad Service","Stayed during my business trip recently as it was suggested by colleague because of location, yes location is good however had to compromise on service because of that. Check in was bad as there are no separate counter for HH member and even there was a sign of that however anyone and everyone was using that. Receptionist were busy explaining guest about the map rather focusing on check in as I believe you have concierge to explain/ help you with that. Room are tiny and bath is so small as I hit myself many times during shower. No room service menu provided in the room and when I called the room service he just said oh may be we forgot. For breakfast there will be small queue to be seated.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location with big mall nearby, very clean room and free bottles of water and most comfortable bed. Very friendly and helpful staffs. Value for money. Allow early check in if you are Honors member. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,Stayed at this hotel as part of a Trafalgar coach trip and the room small but clean however based on other hotels where I have stayed both in the UK and Italy the room was probably on par or larger than the standard.  The location was great for getting around by foot and there were plenty of restaurants near by for us to choose from. Very good breakfast buffet - options for all tastes.,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"The hotel foyer is quite smart, the room less so. A double room was very tight with hardly room to put my (very small) suitcase. The furnishings were tired with chips off the bottom of the wardrobe and grubby paintwork in the cramped bathroom. The food in the restaurant was good but the lighting was so dim I could hardly see what I was eating. Overall disappointing.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad service,I asked a day before for lunch boxes  at 0600 with gluten free food. At 0600 I arrived and found  that there was not GF food. They didn’t Chang it until 0620. I cannot wait any longer and left the hotel hungry.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A crappy nightmare,"Apart from the nice location, the rooms are terrible. Mine, first floor, was crappy small and with the AC/heating out of order. When I asked to fix it, an electric heater was brought to further reduce the small room available. Water dripping in the wardrobe. Worse than expected the dinner and the breakfast. A true pity.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Ready for Prime Time,"This is a tired hotel in serious need of remodeling.  The lobby is one of the most uninviting and uncomfortable places I've ever been to.  The furnishings are sparse, ugly and unpleasant to use.  The rooms are no better with tattered/stained furniture and carpet and lumpy beds and chairs.  Without saying, the rooms are typically European tiny requiring planning for two persons to move about without colliding. The bath is a wonder of poor engineering and planning with a tub that is extraordinarily high and narrow.  The tub is very difficult to get into or out of without worrying about falling.  We had to change rooms because the air conditioning would not work.  We also experienced failed hair dryers and clothes irons. On the other hand, the breakfast was excellent and the staff…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,really needs to be remodeled. The rooms are like in the 60s!,"I am a hilton frequent traveller and stay at this facility often, but to be honest the rooms are very old and tired; and the value for the money is not worth it. Not sure how Hilton permits to have this facility under these circumstances.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,This Hotel is very close to Shepherds Bush Tube and Overground Railway and to the West12 and Westfield Shopping Centres. Ample buses to and from central london available too.   Restaurant and Bar available and good selections of rooms onsite. Staff are friendly and there is an underground car park too.   Great for using for shopping trips or overnight in London,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed ,"I could compose a huge monologue which would take too long to write and to read.  So in a nutshell, our room was tired, grubby and very small, one of the corridors smelt of I know not what. When I complained the staffs attempt at moving me to a different room was all talk and no action.   Yes I know I'm in London, yes I know London is expensive but for £167 a night, for a hotel which is a long way from the centre I expected a lot more!!!! ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington," Got to spend the majority of a weekend exploring London.  This hotel is located near the Westfield Mall, and close to the Shepherds Bush, and Holland Park Tube stations.  An easy walk to Kensington Park and other attractions.  Overall experience at the hotel was great.  Breakfast was really good.  Only complaint is that the carpet in the room was filthy.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cousins bonding time in London,"The front desk staff are professional in dealing with the bathroom situation and remedied the situation right away. Marisa Madurai, Yun Sun, Gabrielle the day manager and Nicolay day /night manager were great. ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quick stay but very comfortable,"Came here while attending an business meeting. Booked in advance for a reasonable price.  It’s a soft along with the duvet and pillows it was like sleeping on a cloud, cannot fault this hotel at all. Can’t Wait to return",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,comfortable hotel,"hotel location is perfect for those who are looking for a place near Westfield mall for shopping, especially there is the known supermarket (Waitrose), can reach it by walking around 5 minutes only. can reach the Hyde park by the bus or ubar taxi which is cheaper than regular taxi. rooms are clean and tidy. it was August 2018, we were upgraded to lounge access with free breakfast. The manager of the hotel was very helpful welcoming guests, friendly. the only negative point I faced is racism of some of the hotel staff  who works in the lounge against Arab people.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Impressive Breakfast Buffet,"This Hilton London Kensington has a nice modern lobby area. The closest tube station is the Shepherd Bush one which is a 12-15 walk (when you are dragging luggage behind you); however, there is a bus stop right in front of the hotel and another one that’s across the street.   We came in the early afternoon and I was concerned about some of the reviews I had read. Bella K was very helpful. She allowed us to check into a room so we could begin our London adventure and assured us that the room she was moving us into would be ready by the early evening.   Room #1 was on the 2nd floor and quite tight. We only needed to freshen up and were on our way out. It’s about a 12-15 min walk to the largest Westfield London mall - everything from Waitrose (like a Mariano’s or Whole Foods) to…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed here with the Trafalgar Travel tour,"The hotel is relatively close to downtown London. Clean, nice room. good breakfast. Bus station right outside, we took the bus a few times to come back to the hotel, bus 94 from Piccadilly Circus. It has wi-fi, not sure if free but if you travel with a tour, it's included.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay there again,"Very clean, near transport,  nice neighborhood and wonderful staff.  Great breakfast and close to shops and restaurants  (about a 10 min walk).  AC in rooms but it doesn't get super cold.  I think I'm being a picky American, though.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location ,The staff is friendly and helpful.  The hallways are dated and in need of maintenance. The ac in the room is great.  The breakfast is very good and a good selection of food.  There is a huge shopping mall kiddie corner from the hotel with some nice restaurants. ,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Nice central hotel in easy walking distance to underground. There are a few cafes round hotel that are worth a visit for lunch/ breakfast or coffee. Our room was fine just what you would expect from a typical busy London hotel, clean comfortable bed. Check in easy, key drop for departure no time wasted. We checked in early left our luggage went into London. There is restaurant and bar that serve food daily average menu food good. Buffet Breakfast was really nice good variety again quick and easy.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service,"This hotel was exceptional and the staff went above and beyond in all aspects of hospitality.  My check-in was great, location was great, it is walking distance to an exceptional mall. The people make the hotel and it was great. The next time we are in this country of Egland, we will definitely stay at this hotel. Exceptional!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Relying on its location,"This hotel takes advantage of its convenient location and shows no effort to improve the guest experience. The concierge needs to smile. The bathrooms are old. Basic things like water bottles, slippers and a bathrobe were not included in the room and had to be requested. This morning we woke up to the sound of maintenance and power tools in a nearby room.  The only saving grace was the convenient location. Otherwise this hotel would not see the high traffic flow that it relies on today based on it.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Visit,"Stayed here for one night. The receptionists were great fast and efficient and very professional, but I must say I was disappointed with the room. It was a very small room with a double bed but it just seemed so cramped. The bed was old and made terrible noises when I moved. I was surprised at the drab decor and how the room really needed to be updated as I’ve stayed in various Hilton hotels around the world and this one seemed to be substandard The bathroom was tiny and it was really a struggle to move around. Although the room was clean, looks wise  it wasn’t good.  The bathroom door needs a lick of paint. Some of the furniture was old and chipped and there were no USB points or electricity sockets near the bed!  Breakfast was good though, but definitely I won’t be staying…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but...,"First, the location is great.  A short walk from the Shepard's Bush Tube Station and a huge Westfield Mall.  The hotel staff (front desk, concierge, etc.) was so pleasant and helpful.  But the actual hotel room left a lot to be desired.  The room was cramped, the beds were small (twin), the carpet felt grimy and the bathroom was in need of renovations.  Having never been to London, I paid the $$$ rate for the Hilton and expected a room comparable to the nightly rate.  I guess I was paying for the location because the room at the budget hotel near Heathrow was much nicer and more modern for less than half the weekday rate.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This place is tired,"Stayed here two years ago and it was great so we went back again. Can't believe how it has slipped so badly in that time. Everything is worn out and scruffy, not up to the Hilton name. Only stay here if is supercheap until they refurb it.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very tired,"I have stayed in Hilton properties all over London and beyond and sadly this was the most tired and dated property I have stayed in. Cleanliness was ok but lots of marks on the carpet, chipped doors and furniture. Room 6080 is just ready for a refurb. I assume they are doing this just now as signalled by the drilling and banging that started just before 09:00. Shame really as I use them a lot but wouldn't visit this hotel again. Staff were nice enough but compared to other Hilton's this one is nothing special.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall good stay,"The location was fantastic and surrounded by a lot of stores and restaurants, also not too far to Uber to all the main sites. The hotel’s lobby is decorated really well, but the rooms are really outdated. My sink was cracked and water leaked a little if I filled water in the bowl and the heater/air conditioner was really loud and took forever to warm the room. I loved the tea kettle and fridge. The shower felt great and the bed was comfortable and relaxing. The staff were phenomenal! They were all friendly, helpful, and very pleasant. Room service was quick and affordable. The Avenue Bar was awesome. The prices were very reasonable and the food was pretty good (just needed a little more seasoning). I absolutely love the digital keys. The only thing I didn’t like was needing a…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Visit,"I booked this hilton for the price, which was better than some other Hilton's near by. The place is nice the lobby area is good the checkin was fast and easy I took a single room as I was only staying 1 night the room was clean, not much of a view and quite small if I had gotten a bigger room it may have been fine. The location is good. The only thing i feel that it needs some upgrading and it would be a great place.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Costa Coffe house in the Hilton hotel,"The customer service was dissapointing. I went in for a cup of tea and a drink with my son. I was given hot milk for tea in a paper cup, which I returned asking for cold milk, which also came in a paper cup. I am used to a laid tray with a costa cup, tea pot and small milk jug. As I left the venue I saw the small jugs under the counter, so I put this down to management not  being bothered to use the Costa crockery provided. As this is linked to a hotel I would have thought the hotel would have wanted to give a good standard of customer care and service!",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Upscale location,"At a 6-day at the Hilton London Kensington Aug-Sep 2019.  Lobby area is beautiful, light and airy. Breakfast area is newly renovated and nice, offering an array of hot and cold breakfast items to choose from. Bar area is also nice. Centrally located in a secured, safe upscale area. Walkable to many restaurants, shops (high-end Mall – Westfield) and transportation (Buses and Trains). Stones throw away from Kensington Palace. Very ritzy area lined with trees and beautiful residential houses. Need room key on the elevator to access room floors for security reasons, which is great. Rooms and bathrooms were nicely sized. However, doesn’t have a fresh clean scent. Very old and dated. Doors/tiles are peeling, chips and cracks. Carpeting inside the rooms and hallways are stained,…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good overall hotel,"Hotel was better than I expected when I first arrived as I saw the ‘office block’ look from the outside.  Courteous reception, room small but comfy and clean, dinner informal and an excellent burger.  Breakfast excellent with great choices.  Never used the digital key before and it is great.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,We been staying at the Hilton Kensington when we visit London for the last 10 years.  Excellent staff.  Incredible people that work st the Hilton Kensington.    We feel so blessed to have found this amazing hotel because if the staff.  Excellent location.   Tubes and busses are right at your doorstep.   Westfield mall across the street.    Beautiful area. We feel so much at home  and feel so welcomed the minute we walk in the door.    It is an amazing hotel.   We love the Hilton Kensington,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to underground,Stayed here for 4 nights after a cruise. Was a nice hotel with an extensive but expensive breakfast buffet which we only ate at one time. Very nice restaurant and bar but ate out every night. Rooms were clean and even some had a US plug. Friendly staff.  Would definitely stay there again. Lots of places to eat just a short walk and the underground was very close.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Standard, a bit tired room",The hotel is like a lot of Hilton hotels in London it has small rooms that are a bit worn. Bathroom was the same and tiny! Good comfortable bed and great location for Shepherds Bush area or Westfield. ,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice decent London Hotel,"Just stayed 3 days here and it was a good experience. The room of course was small but very nice and neat. The bed was excellent and for a London hotel the bathroom was very large and had a great shower. The hotel offers a program that for 30 Pounds a day one gets access to a Executive lounge....and includes breakfast, happy hour (with drinks) and tean in the afternoon....we enjoyed it and thought the breakfast alone was worth the cost.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business stay at a very tired hotel,"Tired hotel that needs a massive face lift Booked an Executive Room - it wasn't!! Sitting on the bed and using the desk means its a SMALL/STANDARD room Desk was damaged and dirty TV supposed to show the Room Service menu - it didn't and the staff did not believe me until they sent an engineer to fix it, who couldn't! So nearly an hour after trying to place my order I received a physical menu - then the food . . . .  chicken burger was ok-ish but the oven (!!!) chips were cold Oh and no Nespresso machine in an executive room!  Poor Bathroom small and like ascending Everest to get into the bath/shower - no small person could manage it without a ladder Executive Lounge was like a cattle market with a totally bored bar waiter who struggled to make any type of drink Breakfast was ok…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful London,The hotel is very good location. Clean and cozy. They give you the possibility to take away food or drinks from breakfast . the little bags are prepared and the cups are waiting just to be taken. Great idea . You are a step away from the Westfield mall and a great transportation.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A welcome haven,"Our recent budget tour to UK with a band performing at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and Notting Hill Gate involved mostly budget accommodation.. with little in the way of home comforts.  First time ever we encountered having to buy or hire your towels to have a shower!  Imagine then the bliss of a hotel with double rooms,  comfortable, spotless beds, snowy white sheets, plentiful fluffy towels renewed daily hot shower or bath and beds made each day.  Pleasant staff who happily enjoyed the feathered and sequinned spectacles to be seen in the foyer and patiently provided information and suggestions.  Well done you.  We loved our stay with you and would definitely recommend and save up to stay at Hilton Kensington again.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton on planet earth ,"This place is shocking. Shouldn’t be a Hilton. I’ll avoid Hilton now due to this experience. We had two separate rooms on the same night last weekend and both were terrible.  No wonder it’s so cheap compared to other hotels in the area (we booked it due to The Voice Kids auditions being held here).  It needs closing down and refitting completely, or better still, knocking down and rebuilding.  There are holes in the ceiling, broken toilets, damp, horrible smells, dirt everywhere, broken TVs, it just goes on and on.  The breakfast was terrible, cold food (what should be hot and had just been refilled), many of the staff are multi lingual (great!) but don’t understand English (bad!).   I could go on and on.  If you want to keep off the streets for the night and need some shelter…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to transport but needs a refresh,"We booked this hotel as we were flying into Gatwick and could take the train there. It was also very convenient to the Cental underground line which goes to the heart of London. The room was small, but probably average for London; bathroom was small as well. We were out all day so it wasn't a huge issue.  Room had a safe, refridgerator, and tea set-up. The common areas were not as clean as they should be, and the hallway carpet on our floor was way overdue for cleaning. The lobby is dark, again, needs updating. The hotel staff was helpful and friendly. Breakfast buffet was very good, lots of choices plus some special ordering you wanted (omelets and waffles). On our first night, the hallways were very noisy late at night, but the second night we noticed signs had been posted…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Skip this hotel,"Hotel needs a serious remodel. Ac did not work, bathrooms were dirty and rusting and in poor condition. Lobby was dirty and dated. Staff was not accommodating. Surprised that this hotel is still a Hilton property.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A little disappointed.,"Catching up with friends in London for a short tour of England, Scotland and Wales. As this was the Hotel the tour company was using as the departure Hotel I booked myself, as did my friends, for extra days.  Location wasn't too bad as we either walked or used the underground.  The lobby area was ok but the rooms were very old and dated  the bathrooms in particular.  Maintenance in some areas very poor.  Needs a complete overhaul before I would stay here again.  Really letting the Hilton Hotels name down.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Served our needs - executive lounge is worth the price.,"We spent 12 nights here on our London vacation. Overall our stay was good. The rooms are small and the hotel could use a facelift. It’s a little run down. You really notice this when walking through the halls. Fortunately the room was clean, however bathroom mirror lights never worked while we were there and we were told some one would work on them after we checked out. Housekeeping did a good job, just difficult to communicate with since few spoke English. We did pay to upgrade to executive level and it was well worth it. The executive lounge was the highlight of the stay for us. The staff in there is great and it was nice having access to drinks and snacks throughout the day and breakfast in the morning. This Hilton is conveniently located close to both Shepherds Bush and…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Some Positives, Some Negatives and the ""Presidential"" Suite","On the negative side, the entire hotel - the hallways, rooms, beds, flooring, etc. - needs a refurbishment. I spent 7 nights in the so-called ""Presidential"" suite which is made up of a standard room with a king bed adjoined to what was probably a reception room (with a kitchen) now augmented with a desk, dining table and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was probably one of worst I've ever seen (and heard!): terribly thin mattress which forced one to feel the springs when one laid on the ""mattress"" and springs that squeaked upon the slightest movement. There are two rest rooms in the suite but the shower in the ""reception"" room is virtually useless, owing to the narrow dimensions of the shower. To summarize, the adjoining rooms layout do not have the cachet I would expect from a suite…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton Hotel,"Only 8 minutes from the Central Line Underground that connects to everywhere in London. Could not have asked for a better location. Very well managed with an excellent and knowledgeable staff. The neighbor hood is quiet and the Westfield Mega-Shopping is mere steps from the Shepherd's Bush Underground Station. So very convenient! For the location and price, this Hilton was an excellent choice for us. Being able to access just about any location in the city from the Central line was a definite plus. If you stay fro more than 3 days, get an Oyster Card for a quick and easy ride experience.  ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location but needs updating,"The Hiliton Kensignton is a great locaiton and the staff are lovely. However, if you are looking for confort or a good place to relax after or before you go out, this might not fit the bill. The hotel is in need of a re-fit.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff and breakfast made the stay really good,As has been said by others the hotel is slightly tired but in an excellent location for getting to most attractions in London. The quality of the bed was good and despite our room facing a busy road it was quiet and we had a lovely nights sleep. The breakfast was really good with a good range of both hot and cold food and drinks. Check out as check in was made seamless by the reception staff.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but,"Very old hotel, but good location. Not good value for the room. Breakfast doesn't have other variety to serve Asian and Middle Eastern people. Room door makes huge slamming sound when closed. The food smell the is offered at the bar area is all over the lobby and when it is fish is very unpleasent smell all over the hotel lobby",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Always Superb!!,"I am part of the United Crew, after our flight from the United States I was welcomed and greatly looked after by Saby and Agne in the avenue lounge, where I dine every time I visit, whom I’ve grown to know over time, they’re always smiling and ensure that all our needs are met, always a lovely time with them. I’d like to recognize a member of staff at the concierge desk, Shaherul, who always goes the extra mile for me.  Also Andrea and Alisha at the front desk, they always ensure that any issues I have are sorted out within minutes.  Keep up the good work!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Like me feeling it’s age,"I like this hotel, it has a faded modernism, with touches that probably once made it the place to stay. For me it still is walking distance to Shepherds Bush itself, Westfield and consumerism on steroids and a healthy March brings you to Notting Hill, Bayswater and Portobello Road. Even Oxford street is walkable even and takes you in to the leafy back streets of London, with its hidden gems of stables and community gardens. So for me it still is a great place to stay. However like me it’s showing signs of age, fixtures and furnishing showing decades of misuse and becoming saggy and loose. Dripping plumbing. But still it commands some loyalty, well that along with a threat to remove my Hilton loyalty points,",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton Quality,"Stayed 3 nights in Aug 2019. First room had no air conditioning, they were aware because there was a fan on the desk when we entered the room. After a very uncomfortable night we moved for nights 2 & 3. Both rooms were outdated extremely cramped and difficult to move around in. Both bathrooms had black mold in and around the showers. I suffered a severe allergy attack which lasted several days. While the lobby and restaurants are beautiful and modern, and the staff was friendly and accommodating, the guest rooms do not live up to Hilton’s standards.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay only if you have no other choice,Stayed here through Emirates Holidays. Understaffed for breakfast and staff looked exhausted atterserviing 600 breakfasts everyday.  No staff smiles in the hotel. Its like abed factroy. Good for business but t good enogh for overall satisfaction. London has much better options   ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tatty is being kind,I have just used the executive lounge as a ‘guest of a guest’. Unbelievably tatty - the furniture is grubby and in a very poor state. Hardly executive - shame on you Hilton. Spend some money on the place for goodness sake. Nothing about feels quality or can justify the price. I also suggest a name change to reflect its true location of Shepherds Bush.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"The worst Hilton. Poor room, poor cleanliness.","We stayed for a week with 2 small kids and wish we hadn’t. The rooms (we had adjoining) were so tiny. There was no room for a cot bed as we requested so they didn’t even bother putting one up. They couldn’t even fit one in without taking away all the furniture (lamp, table, chair) they said all the rooms were the same size but moved us to a “suite” which was exactly the same but had been “recently renovated” still looked old and horrible with marks on the walls, old scuffed huge furniture. They shouldn’t take bookings for families because you can’t fit! My buggy didn’t get through the narrow doorways. The towels were horrible all week. The linens and curtains dirty, carpets need cleaned or replaced. The bathrooms weren’t very nice and not even a place to hang up a hand towel!…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Recently stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for 7 days. Such a great location close to pubs, restaurants and Westfield London and also the tube (Shepherd’s bush), which definitely came in handy as we would often get around London on the tube.  Friendly and helpful staff, always accommodating and went above and beyond in catering to our needs, such as supplying an extra power cord extender, and changing our rooms due to a minor issue with a water leak.  If you’re looking for a fancy hotel then this isn’t the one for you, if you’re just looking for somewhere  to  have a great morning breakfast, sleep comfortably, friendly staff, easy commute and feel safe this is definitely the one!",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Grubby and overpriced,"Stayed for a night with friends and became reluctant to use the shower room/toilet that appears to have been the washroom for the local blacksmiths, judging by the grimy finger marks over doors and shower surround. Floor badly stained and whole impression is of a second-rate hotel with cleaners who must be blind, or don’t give a toss. Stayed in room 5090...avoid!  Judging by grubby corridor carpets and comments from fellow visitors other rooms are little better. You are invited to tell desk staff of problems when you check out, but they did not even take a note - got a mumbled sorry and a lukewarm smile....whoopee!",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First impression matters,A refreshing change and a great welcome by Thiermo Beavoghi at the reception . Thiermo was friendly and make my wife and I feel welcome at the HIlton Kensington when we checked in after a long flight .Thiermo was helpful and engaging . First impression matters .Too often at Hilton Kensington check in is handled by  inexperienced staff with robotic manners .Better use digital check in rather than such unpleasant experience indeed ! Service attitude such as the one displayed by Thiermo should be commended as a pleasant interaction with a human being is still  part of the overall guest experience .  Well done Thiermo!,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible is an understatement ,"Booked a suit for 5 nights, however the family next door and the one directly opposite allowed their children to use the hotel corridor as a play area - running up and down screaming in addition to slamming the hotel door every 2 minutes. The hotel was very apologetic and did allow me to move but only the following day when a room become available. The following day I was woken up from 6am by guest leaving their rooms and heading for breakfast. Every door slammed closed then again on their return (not their fault), something the hotel must look into! In addition, I had a leaky tap, that dropped all night. I reported it the first morning but the hotel failed to do anything. The 2nd night the air con dripped and soaked my bag and laundry - this time the excuse was that the air con…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel rooms quite old ,"We had some days in the hotel which is situated pretty close to an underground and overground station. As well the busses included a hop on hop off bus is next to the hotel. We therefore enjoyed the stay. The rooms have been pretty old and very small. As well the floors are very old and do not represent a 4star hotel. The service was very helpful, but during the breakfast a little bit unorganized. The breakfast area was redesigned but from our point of view very noisy. In general we recommend that hotel but you should be aware of these topics. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"We booked this hotel as it was within walking distance of the main venue we were attending, Olympia London, and was also within walking distance of both under and over ground stations. We did not eat at the hotel, I don’t know if there are great restaurants near by. The hotel did seem to serve food quite late into the night, however we visited the local KFC and weatherspoons because that’s what we fancied! Also within walking distance. The hotel did not disappoint although the bed was too hard for my liking with the pillows being too soft. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,Definitely worth staying if you’re in London for either travel or business. Breakfast is of great quality with many choices. The rooms are spacious and clean. Staff are helpful and friendly. There is a Westfield shopping centre 5 minutes by foot and has the underground 5 minutes away as well! I have nothing bad to say about this hotel; it definitely has been an excellent stay.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Most enjoyable stay,"Hotel is in good location as it is very close to Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherd's Bush tube station (5 minute walk) while being located in relatively quiet Holland Park Avenue. The staff provided excellent service for the duration of our stay and all requests were seen to. The room was on the small side but very comfortable with all the amenities necessary. Breakfast was great with lots of quality items to choose from and the room had a great setting. In fact, the decor of the common areas of the hotel were very beautiful.  Overall, an enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small rooms and showing it's age.,"Hotel location is good with quick access to transportation to other parts of the city.  Tube station a half block away.  Hotel, however, is starting to show it's age and the rooms are relatively small.  Hotel is probably acceptable for the price for the price you pay.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Skip this one.,"This hotel is badly overdue for a refresh. The carpet was stained, furniture old, beds felt hard as a rock, like a dorm room. There were very few plugs, none accessible near the beds, only at the desk, and there were no usb options for charging. There was no clock in the room. The shower required you to step up about 3-4 inches to get in. It was just so disappointing. We got what I thought was a good deal for a room with access to the executive lounge, and I guess that was fine, but I would not recommend this hotel at all. ",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another amazing stay at Hilton,We loved Hilton. Kensington Hilton is our 2nd home.Staff can’t do enough for us. We enjoyed executive lounge. The breakfast was amazing. Bread was so fresh & tasty. We are hoping visit in November again. Thank you Hilton.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice poace to stay in London,"Upon arrival to the hotel the conceirge immediately greeted us with a warm welcome. we booked online hence skipped the cue of people who walked in. we were led to our room with a queen size bed, but since i was with my wife and kids we requested to have 2 double beds instead and was immediately considered for transfer. all ameneties of the hotel are good and in addition it is very near the mall and is a very convenient place when going around london forma tour",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sons booked us in here for our Golden Wedding Anniversary,"As soon as reception knew of the occasion, they upgraded us, especially giving us access to the Executive Lounge - to which we were used many years ago before retiring from international business - with goode selection of refreshments",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,All good to a point. ,"Two night stay. Third visit within 6 months or so.  Allocated room by Laura on 7th floor and welcomed as Diamond member. Clean. Somewhat tired in fairness. WiFi worked fine and access to exec lounge.  Breakfast took in main restaurant - busy but usual fare and service was fine, tables cleared quickly.  Left for business on Monday and when returned to room, shocked to see my belongings completely vanished. - suitcase, expensive LV washbag, shirt that was hung up in wardrobe.  Called down and spoke to Laura who called back. Went down as was told that they had been requested a room change - (first I heard of it) and everything moved to room on floor 6. This room was in far better shape and seemed to be the exec model! (Photos are of the first room)  Laura advised she would…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lift kept me awake,"As a solo traveller I booked a single room, not knowing that it was next to the lifts (as they mainly are here).  Unfortunately, despite ear plugs and a pillow over my head, it was not enough to stop the all night noise seeping through.  This hotel is not really in Holland Park or Kensington - it is close to Shepherd's Bush Tube station and the Westfield shopping centre.  The card facilities were down the evening I stayed meaning you had to pay in cash for any extras.  The TV Freeview options were abysmal with little choice. However, the room was clean and the staff without exception are friendly and helpful.  I didn't eat there so cannot comment on food.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs renovations !,We stayed here one night on a layover.  It is right in the middle of Kensington which was lovely.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and gave great customer service.  The bar has been updated and served great food and drinks.  The hotel rooms need renovating.  The rooms are looking a bit old and dated and our room was very small and hard to navigate.  I would stay here again but would ask for a room with a view that is a bit more spacious.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"My 5/6th Stay Nice hotel, wonderful team","This is possibly our 5th or 6th stay there in the past 4 years.  The reception team there are courteous, always smiling and wonderful.   The team at the concierge, the restaurant, and the executive lounge are helpful and kind.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"Great location, friendly staff, clean, easy access to transport links, large rooms, good selection of different types of room to suit your needs, executive rooms have great in-room facilities when travelling for business.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A nice place to stay,We had a long layover and stayed the night.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.  The hotel seems a little older.  The room are nice with A/C which is great.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The price was great.  The location is about 30 minutes with Uber from Heathrow.  I would stay there again and can recommend this hotel to everyone.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short Visit to London,"The location of the hotel near the Sheperd Bush underground, overground trains and bus station is excellent. The neighborhood is feels safe and there is the Westfield Mall very close for shopping. Rooms and corridors are in need of renovation soon.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and decent,Location is everything when abroad. My husband has never been to London so it seemed like a great retirement (finally) trip. This hotel came on the Delta vacation package and it’s location makes it perfect price.  It’s rooms are small compared to American hotels but enough space for two. Bring an adapter with a cell phone plug. It makes things easier   The staff is accommodating and the tea kettle in the room allows us to make instant oatmeal for breakfast. There’s a small fridge and the robes with slippers for two makes traveling relaxing. The massive shopping center one block away is a day trip in itself a supermarket movie theater and drugstore open til 10:00 and a zillion unique restaurants  Shepherds Bush  bus/subway stop is a block away  so you can get to anywhere.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Hot Trip,"The hotel staff are courteous, however, the room is not as great. The Air Conditioner in the room did not work during the entire stay, and it was hot as blazes in the room. The room was furthermore not thoroughly cleaned to the typical standard of a Hilton Hotel.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Vacation,There is no air conditioning in the room and with the hot weather outside and inside your room you will not be able to sleep. They only have blowing air. Other than that the staff service is very nice.  The housekeeper doesn’t speak English. We requested coffee creamers and we ended up with a box of Kleenex. ,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,lovely place to stay,"me and my daughter stayed for two nights as we were at the comic con, i can not praise the hotel enough the staff were friendly and helpful from start to finish. My daughter paid for executive twin room  it was lovely and clean the beds were comfy and had lovely soft pillows, the upgrade included free breakfast it was a buffet style with good choice of food also free drinks and snacks between 6-8 on the evening everything from champagne to beer and not the cheap stuff too.We loved the security of scanning your room card before the lift would work that made us feel a lot safer.We also had a meal at the bar on sat it was good value for money we thought it would be more expensive than it was.When we checked out we were able to leave our suitcases and pick them up later,me and my…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired but convenient,"The location is convenient to tube and bus so easy to get around from here, but the hotel is really tired and in need of a revamp. The bed creaked loudly! Pretty basic and small rooms but okay for 2 nights. Thankfully there was aircon cos it was very hot when we were there.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"We booked two rooms for London Film and Comic Con, and chose the location due to the range of restaurants, shops and bars in the area. Our rooms were exceptionally clean, air conditioning was working well, and the facilities were good. Breakfast was very nice, a very good choice for all tastes - very impressed with the pancake maker! Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for Westfield and television centre,"The hotel was well placed for our visit to Television Studios and we booked a deluxe twin room for a one night stay. Check in was quick and efficient and staff were very pleasant and informative. There were complimentary urns in the foyer containing both plain and cucumber flavoured ice water which was welcome given the day was extremely hot. The ground floor had seating areas, a gift shop as well as lifts bars and the main restaurant. Concierge was near to the entrance. Our air-conditioned bedroom was at the front of the hotel however was quiet with the windows closed.I felt this room was not in the deluxe category due to its tired presentation with scuffed doors and dated looking bathroom however there were complimentary toiletries and tea/coffee making tray and an ice bucket…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay thanks,Stayed here this weekend for London Film and Comic Convention as just a train journey from the Olympia. Had a wonderful experience and the hotel staff were very helpful. The room was spacious and we got late checkout which really helped. Thanks Hilton ,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location.,"This was our fifth stay at this hotel. Priced a bit less than hotels closer to the city centre or the main rail stations.  Its location is perfect for shopping ( a five minute walk to the Westfield Shopping Centre) and the tube(five minutes to Shepards Bush station or a twelve to fourteen minute lovely stroll to Holland Park station). Then, a fast tube ride to Oxford Street, etc. There are at least three buses that stop in front of the hotel and two routes around the corner. The concierge desk can help you with bus details  The hotel staff are very helpful, front desk and at the concierge desk. .  The breakfast buffet is a bit pricey, went one morning and it did have a great selection. There are a few restauants as you walk to  Westfield Mall that offer a better price for…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"This hotel is very tired and in need of a complete overhaul.  We were there for a week and the whole time one lift was not working properly.  The walls are marked, the capets are very worn and there are broken fittings in the room. While the concierge desk is manned there is no help with your luggage.  Again in the bar/dining area lots of staff but you still have to walk up the the bar to get served. Not what I expect from Hilton!",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Good Hotel,"Spent five nights at the end of a group tour.  Our room I believe was room 326 on the corner of the building.  The hotel is currently doing some renovation to the rooms and working on some of the wear and tear. Our room had two queen beds. Comfortable. Good size closet and adequate drawer space.  Coffee maker in the room. Refrigerator and a safe, no microwave.  An adequate number of towels in a Tub/Shower combo bathroom Normal shampoos, bath oil and conditioner.  The 115 volt outlet in the bath did not work, but I had a transformer to work in a 220 outlet.  The housekeeper provided two bottles of water each day.   The breakfast provide in the restaurant was outstanding anything that you may want the staff would try to accomodate.  In the evening you could only get food from the…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved the coffee machine,Stayed for a week. Very close to transport tube and bus. Hop on hop off bus stops right outside the hotel.The room was a good size. Great breakfast buffet. The staff are friendly and helpful. Loved the coffee machine.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Location is one of the very best in London. Located on Holland Park Ave on a beautiful tree lined street. Many excellent restaurants and shops in the area. Across the road is one of the finest Westfield shopping centers worldwide. Rolex, Gucci, Vuitton, Prada and 10 more fine couture shops. Excellent merchandise selection, almost as good as Bond Street. The service and attention at this property rivals Four Seasons In on the Park. ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location only,"This hotel has unique system of allotting rooms only after 3pm and that too they think it is a favor. The hotel is in central London and that is the only good thing about this hotel.The rooms are small and the bath rooms are smaller with basic facilities. The shower was not working, either very hot water or cold water comes never in two days water came to expected temperature. The breakfast is mediocre . Sheperd Bush and Holland park under ground station is nearby",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired room, needs to be updated","This hotel has small tired rooms that need updating, the carpet was stained & had cigarette burns. Not conveniently located, rooms small for a post war build. Surprised that the name HILTON was on this tired building.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Possibly the shabbiest Hilton in London,"It's not a terrible hotel, just average, and in terms of being a 'Hilton' I think it's one of the poorest in London, desperately in need of a renovation, but I guess it is busy enough to get away with it. It's also well situated, quite easy to get to from Heathrow and with good Tube links on the Central Line, and a massive shopping complex nearby. The redeeming feature is undoubtably the Executive Lounge which has a good array of drinks on offer, although food less so - always pretty busy, but as a Diamond member it's a deciding factor for me.    The annoying thing is the bedrooms are small and dated, and despite being Diamond and staying here 4 or 5 times in the past couple of years I have NEVER had a room upgrade.  Much prefer Hilton Wembley which is newer,  fresher, and rooms…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very good London Hotel,"There are several Hilton hotels on this particular road into London. This one is the hotel with most amenities. The other two, the Double tree in Bayswater and the Hilton Hyde Park are typical city hotels and have fewer amenities. As far as this Kensington Hilton is concerced it's excellent value and the staff is very efficient and helpful. The breakfast offering is totally amazing. Has to be tried ! The biggest variety of breakfast offering I have seen anywhere. There are a few downsides. The hotel has a large underground garage but in an effort to sqeeze as many cars in as possible, it is almost impossible to manage to get your car out when the carpark is full. This needs review as a larger car has no chance of getting out. Another extremely minor point that surprised was that…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,KNOCK IT DOWN,"This hotel is tired, dirty, cramped and overpriced. Charmless in all regards, it is not as conveniently or centrally located as other Kensington hotels, unless you want to go to the nearby mega-mall. The rooms are ridiculously tiny as those in London's many pre-war hotels and those built in the immediate aftermath of WWII. Broken lifts, bad food, dirty carpet. And if you want to watch sports on TV in your room after a long day, you'd best look elsewhere unless you're a sports obscurist and devotee of cycling and women's net ball. Only so much a decent staff can make up for. Surprised Hilton puts its name on this one.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed in better premier inns,"Not impressed at all, very dated and old feeling. Bathroom door had what looked like mould and peeling paint around the bottom. General decor and furniture very worn. Stayed in loads of premier and travel inns for less than half the price and they have been fresh and modern. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay - close to Holland Park,"Modern, business like and functional - still the best location for the fabulous local shopping centre - Westfield that has every shop and restaurant and major brand. Rooms are comfortable and the service overall excellent as expected from Hilton",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Modem nice city 👍,"London is a rich and modern city. My first impression is that there are handsome men and beautiful women everywhere. 😍 😍, this also is a city with a long history. The old buildings are breathtaking. I like her country life, her leisure time. On our road trip with friends in February 2018",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,"Been here a couple of nights, very convenient for travelling and shopping around. Only thing I would like is if they changed breakfast around now and then, it’s always been pretty much the same. Thanks",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly Disappointing ,I always regarded Hilton hotels as upper end places to stay...I was honestly shocked that this hotel does not stay on top of esthetics. The front desk and all staff lived up to expectations (sincerely kind and friendly) but the rooms and hallways are dated and run down. This hotel is in desperate need of a facelift. The rugs in the hallways are stained and spotted and obviously old and not maintained. The room I had was so small that I had to literally step over my bag on its luggage rack to get from one side of the room to the other. The carpeting in the room was not something I’d expect at any hotel really. It is more like indoor/outdoor carpeting...it felt like I was in a trailer with a bed too big for the actual size of the room. Bathroom walls need painting and the shower…,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,waited too long for a reservation confirmation,"I booked 4 rooms for my colleagues and I wrote 3 times and called twice (the last call duration was more than 30mins) to be able to get a reservation, which is not acceptable for a hotel like this. I used to work on an almost daily basis with the hotels around the world ...  So if I should organize a meeting, it will definitely not be this one!",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms Need Updating,"This hotel is very outdated.  It needs remodeling bad.  There are only plugs on the desk and no USB ports at all.  The shower head was broke, I reported it to Front Desk, but they never fixed it.  The air conditioner has no thermostat.  It only is either on with three different speeds or off.  The bed was even worse, it was uncomfortable, and it squeaked every time you moved.    While the staff was friendly and the rooms, for the most part, were clean,  there are too many other updated hotels for the same or less money.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, even by London standards","Located near to Shepherd's Bush tube station, double bed was really NOT comfortable, despite the website assurances, bathroom really small, had difficulty getting into shower, stains on carpet, just not what I expected from a Hilton.  Annoying service charge on bar bills, if I stand at the bar and collect my own drink, why do I have to pay someone to pour it?",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"I was there one night. There was a meeting at white city, not far. But the main reason was the reasonable price around 150GBP. The reviews were mixed, I did not expect too much but I was positively surprised. Sure, the hotel is old but everything worked well. Can imagine to stay again.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Deluxe double room,"Stayed here during the Wimbledon final weekend. Most hotels were booked up or way over priced. This hotel stayed within the range that I normally stay at. The location is great there are buses that connect to Central London from just outside the entrance. The underground and overground stations are also just a few minutes in walking distance. The hotel itself is not in Central London but is just on the edge of it. I got an upgraded room due to my membership even though the hotel was super busy so I want to thank the staff for making that a possibility. I enjoyed breakfast on the day I checked out too.   The room was a medium size, bigger than most of London hotels but not very big. The room has a fridge in it but beware if you don't have membership Hilton charges for water. I…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor reception services,"The reception area is not manned well, they do not seem to be bothered or understand what needs to be done for a simple check in. Cannot accommodate adjacent  rooms where families are involved. Yes, maybe a busy period but at least explain properly and apologise that it is not possible. Obvious need for staff training, this needs to addressed ASAP. Rooms ok, old and dated. Haven’t been here in a while, will think carefully before booking again in the near future. Overall started as a poor experience tonight, cannot see it get better.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Discarded pleasure,"Room had a poor standard of decoration - trim hanging off light shade, Spot light hanging out of fitting in ceiling - discarded used condom outside of bedroom window and a bath with a shower curtain - shower curtain - really? Insufficient toiletries stingy with the tea and coffee in the room - one tea bag each and one sachet of coffee each.  This was a deluxe - all standards were taken,  Similar, but better quality available at Premier Inn.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Last time I will stay here..,"Third and last time staying here, even though it’s convenient to office. Staff are great, breakfast has great selection but rooms have poor layout forcing guest to scoot around bed.  Tiny shower for average sized male.  Stained carpet needs to be steam cleaned or replaced. Honors lounge has no complimentary cocktails and stops serving food at 8pm. ",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired and dated,"Booked this hotel for a business trip as it seemed to have a good location.  In reality it was not a great choice.   Although service on the front desk was good, the rest of the hotel really isn't up to much.    The hotel is very dated and in need of refurbishment.  Everything is very 'beige'.  My room was small and tired.  Carpets were not clean and woodwork etc bashed and in need of sprucing up.  Air con was ineffective and noisy.  Bathroom was simply not what you would expect from the Hilton brand.  The shower was very poor.   The public areas of the hotel seem very dark and dingy, the executive lounge being particularly dim and unwelcoming.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Drop in House Keeping and Service but VFM continues,We found that the service was not the same as our prior visits to the property as also the house keeping could be better. We find a drop in both over the years. The location and value for money of course make it a good place to stay. The executive club lounge service and choice was very bad.,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"My husband and I stayed for 1 night.  The check in guy was friendly and helpful. I was allocated room 1114 which was very clean. Its quite small but adequate. Also quiet.  I called house keeping about ice and a lovely guy said there was a machine in the corridor but he would go and fetch some for me. Minutes later this was done.  We booked the Executive Lounge and the food and drink was excellent. We didnt need to eat out that evening. The staff we attentive, helpful and friendly.  A lovely hotel and a short trip by cab into Central London. We hope to stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expectations not met,"Recently arrived for my annual visit to the city and always stay in this hotel due to its location. However after this occasion I will not be returning given the following factors.  The rooms are very outdated, dirty and a stench in the corridor. (Did mention at quick checkout but the following morning the smell was still there and although the gent told us he would get it sorted ASAP, when we raised it again the following morning we were told the exact same thing by the same gent).  As you can see from the photo not much attention to detail was paid in the bathroom and isn’t really fit for purpose anymore, after 6/7 visits to this hotel I believe an overhaul is required. The rooms are small and the furniture oversized making it feel even smaller.  Breakfast as always was…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Near t tube,Hotel was good but booked due to advertised beds and how comfy they would be. Very disappointed and had very achy back after 3 nights here. Hotel main areas lovely but rooms are dated. Stained carpet and walls. Toilet kept blocking and shower adequate.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location with great staff,"My first night we stayed before a Trafalgar tour, I was disappointed in the room allocated. Toilet not flushing properly and very old maintenance in bathroom. I did speak to reception about room as we where staying for 3 more nights after tour. Next stay was a totally different room and corridor area. Breakfast nice and we had dinner one night which was very nice. Location was excellent with op on hop off bus service right in front of hotel. London Westfield just up the road and easy to get to. Would have liked another day or 2 in London and id price is right may stay again. Hotel big and very busy but staff were all wonderful in every area. Thanks for the nice stay.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards,"I expect more from a Hilton hotel. The rooms are very small, and I had to turn my suitcase sideways to even get it into the room, and it wasn’t even a large case. The bathroom was terrible. The shower curtain and rubber mat were very dingy looking, and I did not want to touch them. The high bathtub was very hard to get in and out of to shower.  The toilet only flushed after repeated attempts, usually it took about 4-5 tries before it would finally flush. It also was very noisy through the night. The hotel was not at all what I expected, very disappointing.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very disappointing,"I have stayed in many hiltons and have (to date) been really impressed, but my experience here was very disappointing. The rooms were very small, the food was poor, the cleanliness of the rooms and restaurant was very sub-par, the maintenance of the room was severely lacking. My advice don't bother.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty dreadful ,I paid nearly £300 to stay here last night.  I thought it would be decent.  £300 for room only in a non prime area is a lot.  This is what was wrong with it:  1.  Air con noisy and ineffectual in room.  2.  Lighting in room very poor.  3.  Bathroom weird.  Gate round shower and only hand held shower. Sink right in front of lavatory.  Not nice.   4. Bed did not feel level.  I hate that!   5. Public areas tired.    If the room had been £150 I would have called it acceptable.  At the price charged it wasn’t.    Staff good but must have struggled to put such a positive spin on the place.   ,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I love the neighbourhood,"I used to live in Holland Park so I always stay at this hotel.  i recommend this neighborhood so much, it is easily accessable to Central London by bus or tube, but this area will really help you to understand London.  Walking distance to Notting Hill, Portobello Road, Kensington, Holland Park and Holland Park Avenue.  You can enjoy London without the crowds.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Solid performer,"Great location next to Shepherds Bush station and Westfield shopping.  Lots of restaurants close.  Hotel is nice and clean.  Reasonable size room for London, clean bathroom with a good shower.  Room service or hotel restaurant pretty good overall.  Only complaint is even though I hung up my towel and bath mat each day they were always replaced (not necessary).  For some reason my soap was also replaced each day.  Small complaints but would help with conservation!",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Tired Hotel,"This hotel is in need of a total make over.  We were given a room that was so small we could not even roll our luggage in.  We had to take what we needed and store the rest down stairs.  They did move us to another room.  Both rooms were worn, horrible furniture, dirty.  Not up to Hilton Standards.  The staff did their best with what they had to work with.  We will NOT book this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2nd time a little better,"Since the first time I visited this hotel, I was offered a complimentary stay as I didn't have the best experience before.  The 2nd stay was much better. The staff were much more friendly than before and sorted out our room early and professionally. My only issue with the room is the bathroom facilities. The shower was simply too low, I am 5 foot 11 and struggled to be able to shower because the bath was quite high and the shower was as high as it could go, maybe when they refurbish the hotel they should just stick to shower cubicles as I would very rarely want to have a bath in a hotel.  We had access to the executive lounge which was nice and peaceful, the snacks were nothing special but were appreciated. The breakfast was very nice, I enjoyed all of it and we got to eat it in…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, Poor room","The location of the hotel is great, apart from that nothing is great! The room smelly, the towels had hair of somebody else (some female long hair) and this happened to me and my friends which were staying at the same hotel during the same period, the fitness center is terrible! small, old and very poor in devices and located in basement where you could easily hit your head against the celling",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed here for a Bon Jovi Concert at Wembley,"Stayed here as a Hilton Gold Member, reasonable and easy distance to get to and from Wembley Station either Bus, Train or both £2 Bus or £4.90 Train each way. Quality of Hotel and rooms very good, access of Executive Lounge (Gold Member) a very big plus ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good service ","The location is pretty convenient, about 10 mins walk from the train station. Easily accessible even with luggage.  The check in was done quickly.  The breakfast spread is pretty good, with a good selection of juices, fruits, mains.  Room wise,  good water pressure, comfy bed and pillows, good wifi connection, although it felt a bit small for 2 people and 2 huge suitcases.  Overall,  it was a good stay. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business stay in London,"The hotel is fine. Rooms are clean and a good size, the bathroom was a little small but the shower was a decent pressure and temperature and the toiletries were plentiful.  My room was quite quiet although the bed was a bit clunky getting on and off it!  I can't really say anything bad about the hotel, but also nothing stood out.  The communal area downstairs near reception and the restaurant felt a little dark and not very welcoming. Almost as though they are about to start a refurb. It was a good location and suited my needs for my work visit.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best pizza ever! Plus a good night's sleep,"My cousin treated me to a nights stay here as we were going to see Bon Jovi at Wembley. The hotel is not in South Kensington, it's basically opposite Westfield shepherds Bush which was fine for us as it was convenient to get the underground. Very good reception staff, welcome drinks supplied and really nice staff in the restaurant. We had a lovely bottle of wine and probably the best pizza I've ever had in the bar!  Good service by a young Indian chap. Our room was on the third floor, it was a fair size twin room and the beds ensured a good night's sleep, plus no noise! Nice powerful shower in the bathroom. Didn't have the breakfast as it was quite a hefty price but I would definitely stay again if I'm in town.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel good location ,"We stayed here for one night as we had tickets for a TV show at the local TV Centre.  It was perfectly located for our needs. There’s also the Westfield centre a short walk away for shopping and plenty of eating places.  All Staff were welcoming and efficient, reception, bar and restaurant.  Room was a decent size, clean and comfortable but I would make a couple of comments, my bed was noisy every time I turned over which didn’t help give a pleasant nights sleep. The shower is one of those over a bath, I’ve no idea why many hotels still include a bath with a shower as it means you have to climb into the batch draw those horrible plastic curtains. Hopefully management will ensure that any future upgrade should get rid of the bath and install a decent modern shower.  We didn’t eat…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Disappointed, even on returning home ","Went to the royal Albert hall I thought as it said Kensington it must be close by...no chance it’s practically Shepard’s bush!! Hotel looked nice until we got to the room, big gap under the door so could hear everything going on in the corridor (surely you need a fire door for safety), dated and unloved, marks on the walls and chipped surfaces, my partner grabbed the complimentary water (in the smallest writing said only if your a member or it’s £1 a bottle), luckily the guests and staff were very quiet and had a ok nights sleep, breakfast was nice had to wait a while to be seated even though tables available, wanted to forget the whole experience but was reminded when the £1 came out of my account a couple of days later! Wouldn’t have minded but the stay wasn’t great, Would…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disgusting,Wow!!! Absolutely disgusted. This is a Hilton not a greasy motel cafe. Frayed carpets goo trodden in to it. Shower hot and cold every 30 secs. I have stayed in bigger boat cabins than the room couldn't even get dried without touching the walls. I stay in a lot of hotels top end and cheap but this is the pits. Travelodge next time. Save your money guys don't stop here expecting a treat,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful location, very kind staff, great price, but small rooms in need of renovation.","I arrived late on a Thursday taking the tube from St. Pancras. I got an excellent rate on this room and the staff was very kind welcoming me as a Hilton Diamond Member, upgrading my room to a double executive, and 1 complimentary drink voucher since I had just missed the executive lounge closing. I love this neighborhood and I am loyal Hilton member, generally I only stay in other hotels if it is for a conference or booked differently through friends, etc. The staff were all wonderful at this hotel, they gave me a late checkout, were kind in greeting me, offered me information about the area. The Executive Lounge was very nice. The hotel rooms/hallways, I just think need an upgrade. I know that many hotel rooms are quite small in major cities but an executive room, when I walked…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal,"Booked this hotel the week of travel but still feel like I got a good deal (£140 with breakfast incl for 2 adults) - the London average was considerably higher! The location was great, staff were very friendly and breakfast was the usual Hilton high standard. The room was fine was our purposes and although the bed was very creaky I don't think I can complain because I had a great night sleep regardless. I would definitely recommend and return.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Just back from a 2 night stay here. I have stayed in many hiltons and never experienced what i did here. Rooms were ok very much need a refurbishment it was very tired. Cigarette burns on the carpet, the furniture, doors and skirtings were all scratched and paint chipped off. The bathroom was dated, the cistern on the toilet constantly filled up which was very annoying during the night. The bed was the noisiest bed i have ever slept in, wakened every time i turned with the wooden frame creaking. If your going for a romantic weekend don't bother 🙈 Now the worst part, a member of staff charged my card without asking my permission. I asked what he was doing and he said nothing. I then found out my card had been charged £113 without my authorisation. Be very aware of what they are…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very uncomfortable mattress,"When traveling we usually book a Hilton brand hotel. Although this hotel was in a great location for our site seeing, the bed was very uncomfortable. It was a thin, firm, innerspring mattress. After a long red eye flight to London we didn’t get a good night’s rest we needed. The water pressure and temperature was good. Room was small but clean. We received a complimentary breakfast buffet. Not sure what the cost of breakfast was but I would not have paid for it based on the selection. ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You’ll be so satisfied,Arrived yesterday afternoon to comfortable room which included two twin beds.  Napped fitfully and joined fellow travelers in the executive lounge.  Room was spacious and staff attentive when we requested additional towels. AC totally rocked and we were so grateful.  Needed to check bags with concierge as we were sight seeing for Day and we encountered no problems.  I’ve stayed here multiple times and always eat in the restaurant.  It has never been anything less than greatly quite tasty. ,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business/birthday stay at Hilton London Kensington,"I contacted the hotel prior to our stay as I'd read a few negative reviews and this was going to be the first time I'd stayed there on business, my partner was also staying with me as it was her birthday. I shouldn't have had any worries, the hotel was clean and the room was spotless. The hotel even arranged a surprise for my partner's birthday which was a really nice touch. All of the staff we spoke to were friendly, helpful and well informed. This is a great hotel in an excellent location (3 minutes from tube and Westfield) which I would recommend to anyone staying in London on business or pleasure. Thank you Hilton Kensington.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,50th Birthday Party,"We celebrated a dear friend’s birthday bash last weekend at this venue and my impressions of it is above average. The venue for the party was very nice, decor, temperature ticked all the boxes and it’s also accessible. The accessible room we had was decent, a little small but the space was totally effectively maximised, praises to the designer. The slightly not so good sides are 1. The bathroom sink is placed right in front of the toilet seat making the seat very restricted to use for a 6:2ft tall man. 2. It seems the room had suffered from a leak of some sort as  there are viable signs of peeling and rout all around the skirting board. 3. In this modern day, a Hilton branch must have usb sockets which this didn’t have. 4. Parking is not free 5. At the top price we paid, we…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stay,"Very very unimpressed. Rooms were dirty, things broken, carpet stains, shower dirty. Would not recommend. Lower cost but a “stain” on the Hilton name. Not convenient to most west end destinations. The bar in the lobby was the only bright spot",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Need Refurbishment,"The room size is quite small than expected, and the in-room facilities quite old, especially the soundproof is really horrible.  Though the receptionist assigned a room for me upon my arrival, an hour earlier than normal check-in time, the room is just next to the floor pantry.  Therefore, other than those rooms nearby, I could always hear the door banging sound whenever I was in my room.  Nevertheless, the food varieties are pretty good even though no Chinese or Japanese items at all.  However, I trust the waiter/waitress should really have to pay attention to the table cleanliness before serving to any guests.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor quality of a Hilton hotel,There is a smell in the corridor leading to the rooms. The rooms were small and there were 2 spiders and 1 moth in my room. The breakfast reception stuff did not know the correct pricing of breakfast and overcharged me. The concierge was rude and spoke little English. ,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value,"I booked this hotel thru the Hilton website as they had the best prices at the time of booking.  The hotel is in quick walking distance to the Westview Mall and Shepard’s Bush underground station.  Also, a decent walk to Notting Hill area.  The neighborhood is safe and there are nearby shops, pubs and small markets so if you need anything, it is nearby.  The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly.  Our room was clean and not cramped, as some hotel rooms in Europe can be.  They put us on the quiet side of the building versus street side, so the view was eh but we weren’t in the room much anyway so that didn’t matter and enjoyed being able to not be woken by cabs, people outside, etc.  They offer a great breakfast buffet every morning.  Dined in their restaurant one evening and…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average for Hilton,"I stayed here for one night after Capital Summertime Ball concert. We arrived at 11am and hoped to check in early however there were no rooms available. We left our luggage at concierge and spoke to the attendant there who was lovely & chatty asking us about the concert. We arrived back at the hotel at 11pm after the concert extremely tired after travelling at 5am that morning. There was a queue at reception and we had to wait around 10 minutes to get our luggage. The room was a little disappointing, it was outdated and mismatching and not what I’d normally see in a Hilton. The bed was very creaky however comfortable enough. The sliding bathroom door did not close properly. Overall it was a bed for the night which was all I was looking for however expected nicer from Hilton. I…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Garden Party,"Ideal place, close enough to the centre of town without paying central London prices. Very comfortable, good staff and parking in the basement. But don't book parking through the hotel though! Would definitely use again.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good choice,"London is a fulfilling destination. All you need is a practical & clean hotel in a good location. We trully enjoyed our stay, cleanliness and service, and we recommend it. It was the perfect place to relax and recharge.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, old, with small rooms.","Poor Quality Experience. The shower tray filled with water after 2 mins, but then so did the whole bathroom as the shower was so badly designed. Carpets throughout the corridor where stained and the rest of the decor felt like something from the 1970s. Staff where nice but I personally would not want to work in an environment like this.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"We where in London for two nights at this hotel and even though the rooms were smaller than we liked, it was in a good location. The rooms were clean as well as the Hotel.  They had a complimentary breakfast and it was nice.  The employees were very helpful and nice. About the location, it was very close to bus stops and down the road from the tubes. They also had a large mall with many restrictions and even a grocery store.  Again it was a nice hotel and location.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location to see London,We had a brilliant stay in this hotel for 6 days. The staff were very friendly and after coming off a 23 hour flight were able to check in early at no extra cost at 9am. The room was  a generous size with a comfortable bed and large bathroom (with a bath). It was very clean and had lots of room to store the bags away in cupboards. The location was perfect. The bus stop is straight  across the road - local and hop on hop off bus stops here and the underground is not even 5 minutes walk away. It is on the central line so very easy to negotiate to get to all the tourist sites. The underground is at Westfield London so there are loads of restaurants and lovely shops and is open late until 10pm.  I have absolutey nothing negative to say about this hotel and would stay here again for…,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing special.,Small rooms.  Staff that was not helpful.  Rundown.  Be aware they automatically add a tip onto your bill in the restaurant/bar area.  I did feel the neighborhood was safe while walking about.  I would  not recommend this place. ,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel experience ever,I was kept waiting at check in for over an hour. The customer services manager who I spoke to told me that the Tesco voucher I had used for booking was invalid. He was extremely rude and argued with me constantly. Finally after waiting well over an hour he decided that my voucher was valid and allowed me to proceed to my room without having to pay again!! ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Off brand,"Have stayed in a few Hilton’s around the world and this certainly didn’t live up to expectations. Check in staff and concierge very helpful. However room not as in pictures on website, much smaller. Toilet only flushed now and again. Tried numerous times to call reception/guest services and no answer so gave up. Pillow cases and bathroom door also very dirty. In need of a good clean and a bit of a do-up.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a lot of Refurbishment,"As I had stayed there before, I recommended this hotels to my parents and we stayed for 5 nights. A mistake.   The hotel is so much in need of refurbishment, it’s more akin of a budget hotel than a Hilton. The heating/AC was not working in my room, which maintenance fixed, but why hasn't it been checked prior to my arrival? The wallpaper was coming off in the room, the bathroom is so rusty and frankly gross. The toilet makes noise for several minutes after flushing. The bed is heavily slanted on one side. The staff at the concierge is unfriendly and not smiley. They charge £3.80 for a soft drink.   The only plus was the lady at check-in who was very professional and friendly.   Would not go back.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good service, good location","This hotel is a great base if you don't mind a little travelling to get into the heart of London.  It has great connections with a bus stop right outside with buses going into Victoria plus there are 3 tube stations within 10 minutes walk of the hotel itself.  I stayed here for business and leisure for 2 nights at the end of May.  I stayed in a single room (single bed) which was ample for me, bed was comfortable and the room/bathroom were very clean.  My only quibble was that my room was right next to the lift shaft and it was a little noisy late at night due to guests using the lifts returning to their rooms.  It wasn't terrible, just a minor irritation.  I would still like to return to the hotel in the future, I will just make sure I'm not so close to the lifts next time.  The…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Still good service!,"There are many ""new"" Hiltons around... but this one has the best Executive Lounge. Nice and very tolerant service... looking at some ""executive guests"". Few rooms are freshly refurbished and there is new carpet around the receptionists... Highly recommended ;)",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews, Nice hotel perfect location,"Hilton is located in close proximty to tube station, overground and bus stop which connects to all the major tourist destination in london.  We stayed in family room which we found small. House keeping was excellent. Breakfast was fab. Resturant was nice place to have beer and quick bites.  We found staff helpful. Overall we rate it 4.5 out of 5 and recommend it for family.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value Hotel in Kensington,"We stayed for one night in May at the Hilton London Kensington.  The hotel is set very attractively in Holland Park Avenue, a wide tree-lined thoroughfare.  The hotel recommendation was to go to the Shepherd's Bush underground and walk from there.  This means that you have to negotiate the pedestrian way round a very busy roundabout, and when you leave the underground it is not at all clear in which direction you should proceed.  We found it much better to use Holland Park as this underground access point brings you out directly on to Holland Park Avenue where the hotel is situated.  The hotel decor is decidedly a bit tired.  However, we opted for a room with access to the lounge and this proved to be a winner.  The lounge was large and comfortably furnished.  In the evening a…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,WONDERFUL HOTEL TO STAY..,I have stayed with my family around 4 days and we have enjoyed a great service from them.The staffs are very well behaved with love and affection to the guests who are all in hotel..Only a suggestion is to keep a cubical glass in bathrooms... Other than that each and everything was gooD.......,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What Small Rooms!,"The hotel is beautiful in public places, and the staff is cheerful and helpful, but the rooms are very small.  With only about 30 inches empty space around the bed and desk and a tiny wardrobe, it is hard to find a place for suitcases for 2 people and still have room to walk. Shower area has only half vertical glass stationary door so water goes everywhere.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice breakfast!,"Overall very nice stay. Only minus was that the room was a bit small, made me wonder whether I really got the upgrade or not. The breakfast was certainly a big plus, compared to a few other hotels I stayed in UK. The location is also good, 5 minutes walk to the underground station which takes you half an hour to reach the city centre. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,Stayed at the property during a business trip. Very well located property close to central station shepherd Bush. Very close to Westfield shopping Mall. The service is good and the front office is very responsive. The conceirge was very helpful I wanted to book for Zuma and they took an effort to check and call back. Recommended property  ,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Stay here for its location, that’s all","It was my second stay after nearly 4 years and the hotel rooms hasn’t changed that much since then. A standard room can only fit one person literally given the size and hardly any place to put your luggage with squeezed wardrobe space. Poorly designed shower area and very small bathroom. Location wise it is great. Westfield shopping center and shepherd bush station are just across the roundabout. Though it says it is a Hilton, there is nothing Hilton about it.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for! ,"Yes this is a Hilton so you would expect a higher quality finish but the age of the hotel is reflected in the price. £230 for 2 nights (fri/sat) is a bargain. Room was fine and clean. Hotel was walking distance from Shepherd’s Bush underground, train station and Westfield shopping centre. ",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 visits in 3 months - all underwhelming,"Sea of fag butts outside front door, dated lobby with frosty reception (despite being a gold member). On 17th there were 18 rooms booked and some were pretty dire for £169. My room had a smelly shower curtain and stained carpet.  Worst part is having departed, Hilton refuse to add points citing the hotels note I booked via hotels.com when (I did not!) I will not be back and can safely say the same for my colleagues unfortunately. It needs a bloody good clean and some personality to truthfully be anything better than a 2*",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,English first,Excellent. Place to rest and relaxation and meditation and yoga assessment and treatment of patients with you on Monday morning so we can get a chance to look into this morning and take you to the old butchers to get to see the attached document for you and your family,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good base in W London,"If you prefer trendy Notting Hill to the west end, this Hotel should tick all the boxes - and rates tend to be more competitive if u r on a budget.  Although obviously a bit further away from the main attractions, there are excellent bus connections into the centre of town literally on the door step.  Usual Hilton brand values.  Rooms well equipped.  Friendly attentive service.  Good buffet breakfast.  The tranquility of Holland Park is a short walk away.  So all in all a hotel with a lot to recommend it.  I look forward to my next visit.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing team at the Hilton Kensington,Team at the hotel did a fantastic job and were available to assist whenever needed. The Executive lounge personnel were courteous and accommodating above and beyond by assisting past the service hours for late arrivals.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good service and clean but very rundown rooms,"Firstly I want to say that the staff at this Hilton are very helpful and  friendly. If you are staying as a base for Westfield then it is perfect as it took me 5 minutes to walk to the entrance of Westfield from the hotel. If you are booking because you want to stay in Kensington, then please note that this hotel is based in Holland Park, Kensington. Food and drinks are to the standard that you expect from a Hilton and the check in was seamless.  What lets this hotel down is that it is tired and in desperate need of a refurb. The carpets are old, there are marks on the walls and the tiles in bathrooms are mouldy or discoloured. To be fair, the bedding and towels are good quality and the room was spotlessly clean.   All in all a great place to lay your head after a day at…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Ian and Jann from Nambucca Heads, NSW, Australia.","Great service from Service Desk, Concierge, Breakfast team and Bar staff made stay extremely enjoyable. Rooms were cleaned thoroughly each day by very friendly team. All questions asked were answered confidently and courteously by very competent service desk team. Would not hesitate to return for any future stays in London.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and hotel,"As usual a great Hilton stay, staff go the extra mile. Anything you ask they have or find out the abswer for you. I received  an email prior to my stay from the manager welcoming  me and mentioned if I need anything to contact him. ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standard,"This is an old hotel that desperately needs an update.  I have never been in such a small hotel room.  They had two double beds and you could barely move around.  There was mold near another room.  The only positives was the staff when we checked in was lovely, the executive room and the location.  ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Avoid, avoid, avoid",If you are a business traveler who enjoys the following then this is the place for you:  -Rooms that have not been updated since the 1950s -A location that calls itself Kensington but is really Shepherd’s Bush  -Amazing views of Westfield shopping centre -Bathrooms not fit for purpose -Rooms meant for Hobbits  Best of luck.,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Worn out , badly maintained  hotel","Having been a Hilton diamond member for over 5 years and staying regularly in Hilton’s around the world I can honestly say this is the poorest hotel I have stayed in . It appears that no or little maintenance has been done to the rooms for several years , paint chipped off doors and frames , curtains dirty , carpet worn , threadbare and with holes .  As a diamond member I queried why no upgrade was available when they were clearly advertising available rooms - was referred to the manager who allocated me the room as it was one of the better ones !!! Restaurant was open for breakfast only - bar meals only available in the evening . Executive lounge also worn and tired - stuffing showing through arms of settee .  For the prices they are charging I would strongly suggest staying…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Take a box full of air fresheners with you to this hotel, it reeks. It is in dire need of refurbishment, it feels dirty and dank, the bed I had was worn out, I am sure it woke up everyone around me it creaked so loud every-time I turned over.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,The free breakfast was the best thing about the hotel. It was very nice with a lot of choices both hot and cold. The rooms are shabby. And fairly old. Our housekeeping was fine. The bathrooms were just old. Even a good cleaning can’t get rid of the general wear and tear. My sheets had what looked like old spots of blood on them. The furniture is very worn with threads coming out. There was a terrible sewer smell the last night there and they told us the park across the street had been fertilized. I don’t know if I believe it though because we didn’t smell the smell until we came off the elevator to our room. It’s was enough to give us a smelly poor night’s sleep. We went to the bar the first night and had good drinks and pizza although they were expensive. Everything in London…,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Marathon weekend,"Stayed over the London Marathon weekend as was running it. Very busy with football teams staying etc but didn't effect the experience   Check in was efficient, although the receptionist didn't recognise us as a gold member (room upgrade or breakfast) which is disappointing as other Hiltons do this automatically. Had to prompt her to do so but in the end did so.  Breakfast was good as per usual and the rooms were fine. Probably due renovation soon though. Overall, I would return but not over some over Hiltons in London. Better choice elsewhere",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very good stay,"Enjoyed my stay at this property. Was acknowledged as a Diamond member when I checked in and even although the room that I had assigned myself wasn’t ready, the helpful member of staff found me one that was. Staff in the bar were very friendly. The lounge is a large enough space but it was extremely crowded on Saturday evening with people jostling for seats. However, continuing with the staff theme, the two girls serving drink were lovely. Good breakfast in the morning. The excellent and jovial concierge looked after my bags for me during the day which was appreciated. Overall, a really good stay. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service,"I barely right reviews but this special shout-out goes to David, the Avenue Lounge supervisor at Hilton Kensington for being such a polite and kind person, going the extra-mile and beyond for me. Thanks a lot for the delicious coffee!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's OK,"This is the first Hilton Hotel I have stayed stayed in and I was expecting a high standard. While there was nothing really wrong with it, I was left a little disappointed as it seemed somewhat tired. On the positive side the staff seemed friendly enough and it's 5 minutes walk away from a gigantic shopping centre with lots of restaurants and bars.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs updating !!,"Hilton you automatically think amazing, great standard.... Rooms are very small, and very out dated! The carpet looked liked a cat has been at it, the doors are sliding doors as there was not enough rooms for ones that opened. The doors were very scuffed and just needed some TLC!  The bathroom door didn’t even shut! Other than that, the staff were very friendly, Sam (I believe he was a trainee) was very helpful and made the start of our stay very pleasant.   Hotel is in great location and the food in the bar was superb! ( a little over priced but very nice!!)   I would say this hotel is more for business trips. Not sure if we would stay here again until it had a good refurb, we will stay back at Hilton’s but this one needs some TLC as it does have a lot of potential! ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What's happened to the Hilton Brand?,"Needs a complete refurb to uphold the Hilton brand values and quality. Horrid, small room that is stuck in the 1970's. Felt more like a YHA upstairs once you got upstairs and was very disappointing. With so much competition for excellent hotel experiences in the city, you really need to do better or charge accordingly.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,standard city hotel.,It's a kind of standard city hotel. 5 min. walking distance to Sheppard's Bush metro station and Westfield shopping Mall. The hotel is facing to Holland park which is one of the nicest parks in London,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly & helpful,"The hotel was in a convenient location and near an Underground station. The staff in every department were very friendly and very helpful. The only drawback was not being able to go to the restaurant for a light breakfast apparently you can only go for a £25. breakfast not just tea and toast. Also, the restaurant was not open for dinner you could go to the bar for a limited menu or leave the hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel for business travelers,"Hotels in Central London can get very expensive, but the Hilton London Kensington is priced very competitively and is a great choice for travelers looking for value.  The hotel has a great location, relatively spacious rooms and restaurant / bars on site. The amenities and decor are slightly dated, but overall it's clean and quite comfortable.  Diamond benefits: received a nice upgrade; very nice executive lounge, except that it gets pretty crowded when the canapes are served",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb Service,"Spacious room and spotless, The staff were very helpful and welcoming. The breakfast  staff brilliant and couldn't do enough for us. The food selection very good. The hot food really was hot. Highly recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel close to tube,"We chose this hotel since we would be coming from Heathrow Airport and wanted to use the tube. Transport went well, back and forth from Shepherd’s Bush station which is very conveniently situated at the Central Line. Easy to take the tube to Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Riad. The hotel was comfortable, the personnel was attentive and polite. Rooms were Ok. We were quite happy with our 4 days stay here. We might come back.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but bad service,"This Hilton is old and rooms need updating for sure. I've left my room key in the room and could not get back up to the room because you need room key to use the elevator. When I went to the front desk, there was a huge line, so I asked if they could just make me a new key, they refused and ask me to get in the back of the line, which took 20 minutes. It only took them 30 second to make the new key, oh well.... I've stayed at this hotel more than any other in London to date, but I guess I will try the Marriott next time. ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Extremely Disappointed!!,"My husband and I had booked a stay here for our 10 year wedding anniversary but unfortunately my husband had to be rushed into hospital a few days before our visit and we had to cancel our stay.    I’m extremely disappointed with the service I have received, on calling the hotel the customer services were so unhelpful and just said basically as we booked it through a third party(booking.com) that there was nothing they could do and we would have to pay for our stay which seems very unfair as I explained the situation.    On the website it states that even if the stay is non refundable there are certain exceptions that can be refunded.  So I would think this would be one of those exceptions.  Then called again to speak to someone else who said yes just contact Booking.com who…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"As a Hilton Honors member I am accustomed to the Hilton Group service and so far I have not been disappointed. The location is great, ideal if you want to shop at Westfield or attend an event at nearby Olympia. Also handy for touristy Portobello Road and Notting Hill. Holland Park is worth a visit, especially the Museum of Design which is located in the park. The hotel reception is welcoming enough, the rooms are the smallest I’ve stayed in and the most disappointing aspect of my room was the stale smell of smoke despite being in a ‘non-smoking’ room. Housekeeping was a surprise noting that the bins were not emptied and toiletries were not replenished. Breakfast was up to the usual Hilton standard, great selection and ample choice but clearly this hotel does not employ enough…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old / tiny rooms needs MAJOR update,"Don’t stay here. Lobby and photos look nice but my the building in general is very old and cramped. My room was an astonishing 8 feet wide! It had two twin beds (never seem twin beds in a hotel). My company booked the room otherwise I may ha w caught that before hand but anyway, bathroom is gross. Room remodeled 12-15 years ago. Old tv’s, alarm clocks, etc. WiFi surprisingly good though but find another hotel if you value even an OK room.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hosed at the Hilton!,"Upon arrival at the Kensington Hilton I checked in and was allocated room 4043, the key card did not work and I had to return on two occasions with all my belongings to get the key card reregistered.  As I was alone I decided to eat in the on site restaurant. I ordered my meal and requested a large glass of house white wine. I was at no point advised that there was no house wine and the waitress asked me if I wanted Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Grigio; I opted for Sauvignon Blanc. Later I asked the waiter if I could have another glass of house wine and he said did I want the same as before and I agreed to that. When I asked for the bill I was somewhat shocked at the price, but I was eating alone and the restaurant was dark, so it was difficult to see the individual charges, I…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,We have been staying at the Hilton Kensington over 10 years.  The staff makes you feel so welcome    It is a great location.  The tube is across the street  at Westfield Shopping Center.  There are buses in front if you like to travel to most locations in Central London.   It is a wonderful hotel,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Different,This would be one of the most unusual properties I've stayed in with a reputable brand. I am working on a global event over 40 countries so staying in multiple hotels. The housekeeping staff are openly willing to just walking into rooms with without the usual pause after knocking. The noise in the hallways is unbelievable and the doors slamming constantly throughout the day into the night. At times doors are slammed so hard it vibrates through the room. If you are working from your room or simple want some quiet time it eventually becomes unbearable. To upgrade cheap and ineffective doors to something normal and training staff in normal hotel etiquette would raise the profile of this hotel from zero to something.,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,ok hotel - nothing more,"Stayed one night because I had to change plans on short notice and my usual Hilton hotel was fully booked. Chose this because I used to live in the Holland Park area, and wanted to dine in my old favourite restaurant close by. Kensington is almost misleading, it is only a roundabout from Sheperd's Bush. Very worn, holes in the sofas in the breakfast rooms is not a good start of the day. Breakfast standard   ok. Room was small and bathroom tiny. Reception personnel was very friendly.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience and very gracious service,"The hotel experience was enjoyable. I had a very comfortable room, tub bath, and the breakfast that was included was outstanding. The hotel was also very kind to provide us adapters for our stay. Internet access was excellent, and at no additional cost. The location of the hotel (very close to Holland Park) was very good.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Lounge / Average Room,"Had a one night stay here as I was attending an event nearby.  Location is pretty good, near the tube station and easy walk to the hotel, maybe 5 minutes.  Checkin itself was a little slow but overall not to bad.  The room was ok, not very big but by London standards acceptable, if it was an upgrade as a Diamond I certainly couldn't tell.  The bathroom felt a little old as the bedroom did in general.  The bed was not the best and felt like the mattress should have been replaced some time ago.  I headed to the lounge before I went out and that was a pleasant surprise.  A reasonable offering of both food and drinks with friendly and helpful staff.  They had a good selection of wine (including sparkling), spirits and beer.  Overall if the price is right and the location suits I…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,World Class,Stayed in the executive twin room from a week. Housekeeping (Angela) throughout the stay was top-notch.  The breakfast offers a wide-array of options and is always fresh. Extra points for take-away coffee and fruits/pastries.  The bar in the Lobby area shows live European and English Football matches and offers all kinds of drinks. Bartenders are all well-mannered and friendly. Conveniently located close to the huge Westfield Mall and the Tube Station.  Plenty of Uber around the area.,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So disappointed,"We have only been at the hotel for less than an hour and it’s already been so disappointing. We have come away for my mums 60th & decided to book an executive room & splash out... if this is executive then I dread to think what a classic room is like.  We arrived at our first room and the bathroom was flooded, we phone reception and report the problem them come downstairs. When we get to reception we are greeted by two ladies who inform us they are moving us to another room... fair enough. However it was the lack of apology and the fact that the woman said ‘These things happen you know’ we were quite taken back. Our room for an executive it’s tiny and in need of renovation! I tried to get onto the WiFi and was told it’s £12.99 a day or £14.99 premium. Why on earth can you not…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great base,"Having stayed somewhere else in London for the same price, the difference is like chalk and cheese. Great check in, room was ok, the rooms on the side don’t have the best view, but able to open window. Probably quieter than front.  Breakfast very good and great choice.  Hilton Honors worth having.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Too expensive for what you get,"I would not recommend this hotel when you do not have to stay here. For sure you will get better value for money in other hotels...not a ""typical"" Hilton standard in this hotel. Very small rooms (also when booked for 2) with an even smaller bathroom and shower (unless your are under 1m80).",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel & Location,"situated in a very nice area of London near to very good amenities & underground & overground transport access, the staff are very caring & professional, rooms clean.Breakfast is the usual excellent standard from Hilton",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice in Handy to bus stop everything really,"Was a good hotel, bit dated but very pleasant to stay in, clean and tidy, (which is all you need I suppose) close to bus stops and for Kensington area really great and with bus stop outside the door almost can get to anywhere, was quiet I was on the 7th floor, so slept well.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, outdated rooms","This hotel is in a great location - it’s actually nearer the Shepard’s Bush Underground Station. Major destinations are 10 mins away such as Paddington.  The hotel lobby is beautiful, with very helpful staff - I was checked into my room 1.5 hours before standard check-in time. Lots of seating and multiple options for food/drink, concierge services to make the most out of London.  However, the rooms are very outdated and don’t meet the typical Hilton standard. In Twin rooms, the beds are small and creek with any movement. In our room the floor-standing lamp didn’t function and there are no useable power ports near the beds.   The air conditioning only works with the window closed, but I’m not certain ours was working. Looked like a very outdated system. Carpets were fraying…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average - Room In Need Of Some TLC,"We stayed from Thursday to Sunday over the Easter weekend.  The hotel is located within a good area, very close to Shepherds Bush and Holland Park tube stations.  Check in was very easy, and the staff were very friendly and helpful.    The breakfast is decent. Normal hotel chain buffet style with a few extra nice options available.  Staff at breakfast were also very friendly and helpful.  My main problem is with the room.  Our room was very small, with an even smaller bathroom. I’m 5ft 8, and I felt cramped in the shower.  Taller people will struggle.  The safe in the room was not big enough to store my small size laptop.  Wood work in the room looking very tired and in need of renovation.  The house keeping service good. No complaints there.  I have stayed at this hotel twice…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below par For HILTON brand.,"After a long haul flight we had to stand in a que line to get to the registration desk for the paper work. In Sri Lanka the staff will make you comfortable get a drink and a warm towel and then the registration, all seated.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a convenient location,"Staff was super friendly and helpful. Rental car company on site of you want to rent a car for a day trip. Breakfast was amazing! Rooms were comfortable and clean (yes a little small, but real estate is at a premium). Good gym that allows you to keep up with your workouts on the road.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not to shabby,"We stay here regularly for work.  It’s ok, not the best but not the worst.  Staff are nice, room service food is not too bad and there are quite a few local amenities, you can ask the concierge and they are grea5 and will direct you to the best places to go.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great West London hotel,"Great hotel location in sweat London. Great for Westfield, great for local pubs and restaurants. Hotel a bit shabby but quality of staff and service makes up for it. Gym recently expanded which helps.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"In the middle of everywhere,","We checked in, two room,s two day, , Clarissa (??) did nice upgrades for us. many thanks, We checked in, and Andrea, was excellent,   gave us loads of advise, and very helpful. Drinks bar ,  really good, Breakfast excellent, lots of choice, staff excellent.  The hotel has the Bus tours outside , so its hop on and off, when you get use to it, Train staion on doorstep,  plus shops, This is a great Hilton to tay at, plus again rooms, really nice, and they have, nice lounge, again excellent staff, (no rum, which is rum?) Will def be back, enjoyed it 100per cent, saunders family",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,1 week Vacay,"We first had a standard double room that was extremely small with a lot wrong with the room - toilet not flushing properly, main door scratched up horribly, and a shower area that my boyfriend couldnt even fit in (he's 6ft 190lbs). We spoke with reception and they were absolutely wonderful. They arranged a new room for us first thing in the morning (at no extra cost for the upgrade)  Our second room was so much better. The room was the ""deluxe"" double, but to normal hotel standards I'd say it's more of what a standard room should be classified as. Bathroom was great, bed squeaked like crazy, but that was pretty much the only complaint we had, but was manageable as we were out all day and slept like logs. The room was cleaned routinely and they do a good job.   We had breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great time,"As we visit many hotels, we wanted to try the Hilton London Kensington hotel. As we arrived the host who was standing next to the reception which his table was very helpful to check us in. He explained everything very good. Once we came st our room we saw it was clean. Which is important. We went shopping at the Westfield shopping center what is 5 min from the hotel. In the evening we went to have diner at the restaurant (lobby bar) small restaurant area. The pizza where nice, service was ok. Had a great sleep in our room. We enjoyed the stay. Thank you! ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not more than 3 star,"We stayed here for 3 nights. Not completely satisfied with the service. First thing we were given a room that is not ready. The carpet is wet and there was a drying machine inside the room. A glass of dirty wine glass was outside the room. So we complained and was given another room. We were so tired and hungry so we agreed to the second one without completely checking it and went to the mall nearby to have dinner. When we returned, the room we were given was for disabled. No bath tub and everything was way down including sink. Red emergency alarm bells everywhere. We use the shower and water leaked into the floor. Squeaky bed. Uncomfortable to sleep into. Buffet breakfast was ok. Selections the same everyday so not much to say. I was actually disappointed. Cleanliness good.…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value For Money,Located very close to the tube station ( Shepherd’s Bush) and just across Westfield which is a big mall with various shops and restaurants. We had a wonderful stay and was granted an early check in. Comfortable room. Highly recommended.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, close to Holland Park & Shepherds Bush tubes","Underground parking, excellent rooms, good staff and close enough to the M1 and North Circular but close enough to Central London but not in the congestion zone (still Zone 2 on the tube).  Lovely hotel and made to feel welcome",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,More Comfort Inn than Hilton,"Second of three Hilton stays in London over three weeks and I must say I was disappointed. The rooms were shabby and basic despite getting an upgrade (which they wanted to charge me for initially, but credit to the woman on reception, because I was staying a week waived the charge). Other than one of the barmen, the majority of staff were aloof and disinterested. The doormen and concierge were unhelpful to the point of rudeness and completely ignored me as I struggled in the revolving door with heavy luggage. The breakfast was pretty good but I think very understaffed for the volume of customers coming through. Lunch was also very good. The public toilets opposite the bar were pretty revolting and need a deep clean and then more regular maintenance. The highlight of the stay was…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,highly recommended,"Love this hotel, 2nd time staying there, bus stops outside the door, we were upgraded to the executive lounge & then to a superior room. A year previous we had been given what 8 thought was a standard room but it was much nicer hence disappointed in original room this time but they very understandingly swapped rooms for us as we were there for 6 days. I encourage everyone to pay to upgrade at least to the executive lounge, it was our 45th wedding anniversary & my birthday trip, the lounge is worth every cent to upgrade, the ‘snacks’ were delicious, and plenty of variety & quantity, the range of drinks fantastic & the staff so helpful. My husband being vegetarian they got food for him to eat, much better than the dreadful expensiveTrafalgar tour we did where the included meals…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location and clean hotel, but lots of niggles","If you can sleep through noise, and don't have a bad back, and you don't need wifi, this hotel is great! Very clean. Small but adequate rooms. Decent (but pricey) breakfast in the mornings. Unfortunately, I had a few niggles: The bed was comfy at first, but I quickly realised it creaked loudly every time I moved (I'm not that heavy, so no good reason for this). The creaking kept me awake half the night. Climate control in the room was poor - it was either too hot or too cold, and it was hard to get a decent temperature. It was not possible to open the window, as the key had been removed, and the window was locked shut. Insufficient plug sockets. When you need to work in the room, and find the only sockets near the desk are taken up by the clock radio, and the TV, it's a bit…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Place To Stay,"With great location in calm area of Central London, Hotel provides their usual Hilton atmosphere. Although Front office can be more “Hospitality” oriented, Housekeeping Team makes up for them with Great service. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel that’s convenient with stuff that works !!,"Small room but very conveniently located near a Mall (largest in EU), supermarket Tesco express and transportation ( tube and bus).   Very nice of hotel to recognize my HH gold membership - the guy who checked me in was great .....hotel gave me early check in, lounge access and late check out too. Can say good things out the trainee who was inflexible.   Breakfast was not too bad - typical English breakfast... they should tag what black pudding is.   Lounge had good food and snack but was overly crowd during Happy Hour, so much so tt there was only standing space avail.   Overall a pretty good hotel except that it may seem dated. Will definitely come back again.....",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Week end break ,"Good location for the ideal home show at olympia. Good bar, restaurant is closed. E xelent breakfast..  Only snag is we had a room facing the main road/race track, rush hour is like grand theft auto. Thursday night even 3am in the morning woken up by squealing tyres and v8 exhauste sounds. Friday night was quiter.. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a hotel that I'll stay again,"Room is dated and tired. However, the most disappointing is housekeeping service with the following glitches: 1. Room was not made until 6pm on Sunday until we alerted the housekeeper. 2. Obvious black stain on one of the towel. 3. Tissue box was not replaced when finished for 2 days. 4. The other room was really hot and stuffy. They really need to beef up their housekeeping department in order to live up to Hilton's brand. When we gave our feedback to Guest Relation Manager, he didn't even apologize and ask if there is anything else? What an attitude really! Totally disappointed with this property and will never go back!",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel close to Central London,"Great location as 5 min walk to Westfield and Shepherd's Bush Station or the same walk in opposite direction to Holland Park. Decent sized room with all the usual amenities you would expect including a safe, kettle, toiletries etc. Staff were friendly and made check in and check out very easy. They also kindly gave some sweets and a small bottle of red wine for my girlfriend's birthday.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2nd Visit 1st Class I love this hotel,"Previously visited December 2018 so we knew just what a wonderful hotel this is and that the service is second to none. We arrived @ 9pm on Friday 15th March for 3 nihhts after a demoralising delayed flight from Glasgow to Stanstead. We were greeted by a wonderful smiling friendly staff member at check-in. I had previously joined Hilton Honours upon my last visit (I would highly recommend this). I had checked in on-line the previous day and selected a front facing room on the 4th floor, however we were given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe double room No 2006. We were delighted after our long journey. The room spacious, well appointed, Crisp fresh linen, fluffy towels, Wonderful toiletries. Great marshmallow like beds and a lovely front view overlooking the gardens opposite.…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,THE WORST,"We had a top floor executive suite on the top floor and came for a relaxing time away. We were woken up at 4am by a noisy whiney australian woman proclaiming she had a boyfriend and was being coerced into a room by a ‘celebrity’ boxer. The woman repeatedly requested to leave the room but the boxer would not let her go. We referred the matter to hotel management three times but nothing has been done. End result is that we have been woken up and cant back to sleep and wont be able to enjoy the event we should be attending this evening which was the whole reason we were staying in London. The bathroom paint is peeling off the ceiling, theres wallpaper hanging off the walls, the shower doesn’t drain so it overflows, the water is boiling hot then freezing cold, and the room is in…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a makeover.,"Staff were excellent, but overall disappointing surroundings. Bed uncomfortable and room decor shabby and dull. Breakfast was very good.  Hotel well situated for transport , shops and Olympia. Would be fantastic with a spruce up.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,WORST HILTON HOTEL EVER,"I have taken a while to write this review, so that it is balanced and not influenced by my immediate disappointment. Upon reflection, my view of this Hotel has not changed.  Whilst its location is amazing, it certainly does not warrant a Hilton Logo on its name. Sadly, we pre-paid and booked 5 nights to  celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary.  We are very familiar with London, and chose this specific location for its transport connections and nearby shopping centre.   Apart from the location, it was all downhill from there.  After 24 hours of flying from Australia we arrived just before dusk.  We thought it unusual that there was no doorman or concierge anywhere to be seen.  No drama to us, we proceeded to check-in. The lass who checked us into our booked suite was very polite.…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a nice revamp ,"The place is starting to look tired , location is good but the facilities are in real need of upgrading and sorting out . The minute you walk into the place you get that feeling and as you walk around you pick it up even more .",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a revamp!,"The hotel was located very conveniently for my business trip. Below are few pro's and con's  Pro's:  The service there is great, everyone is smiling and very helpful. The location is great. Great access to a mall next door Comfortable bed  Con's The place needs a revamp. Paint is peeling, furniture needs polish Breakfast needs to have more options. Very basic The bath area was a super let down. My head was hitting the ceiling. I am 6 feet 2 inches tall. How can one have such a cramped bathroom!! The toiletries are of low quality. Did not use them.   Will look for other options, next time I am in London.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small kid will travel,"We decided to stay in a Hilton as the rooms were a tad bigger than a typical euro hotel. Beds are comfy  Location perfect, a bit away from the city, but gorgeous place to walk around Kensington or a quick walk to Notting Hill. But easily accessible in the tube either stop holland or shepherds bush. There’s a mall close by that tu child can run through. There’s a few grocery stores close.  There is not crib though, just pack n play.  Clean quiet and great room service food",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rather Average,"Somewhat outdated rather average hotel, not luxurious as such but certainly not the worst either. Review based on a one night stay in February (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe).   Location: The immediate neighborhood is mostly residential but close by is a rather massive Westfield shopping center with plenty of places to spend your money on goods, food or drinks. O2 Empire also within walking distance.   Busses run right next to the hotel, Shepherd’s Bush tube & train station is just a few hundred meters away offering good connections for example to the city center.   Room: Had a room at 1st floor which was not the biggest room I’ve seen but still enough for me as a single traveler. The room had been renovated rather completely not…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NEVER AGAIN,"I booked a 2 night stay with my daughter for a treat as we were going to see a show at the o2 Empire. I am actually a corporate client and use  Hilton Hotels often for over 2000 employees so I knew what to expect when I attend. I was shocked when we walked into my deluxe twin room, What is the first word you think, when you say Hilton? my daughter would say posh!. The room was awful, dated, gaps in the doors! no tea or coffee items, no slippers, dressing gowns! the treats that make it deluxe. I would like to say I was dressed in jeans and a jumper, had I been dressed for work I think the response I got would of been more professional. The reception response was ""oh I am  sorry, but this is one of the oldest Hiltons across the country and yes it does need updating"" This is…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,HOMELESS SHELTER......AND DIRTY,I don't care if by London standards this is a cheap hotel but I took my mum down for the weekend to the Hilton (Hilton is or was a upmarket name not now) it cost for two rooms £720 for three nights it is a lot of money and omg were we disappointed from uninterested front desk staff to keys that didn't open room to smelly room to dirty grotty room so mum aged 81 walked for a long way then key didn't work they UPGRADED HER ROOM to dirty carpets smelly bathroom each time you walked in room etc my basic double remember £135 a night is not free!! was like a homeless shelter room for one the shower door opens to allow a slim person in only and drops a foot to get out health and safety must be banned from this hotel I was actually depressed in this room when I left on the Monday and…,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding staff depressingly tiny and dated room,"The staff at Hilton Kensington were superb. They were attentive and helpful and genuinely friendly. I didnt have any negative interactions to speak of. But my cousin and I stayed only 1 out of the five nights booked.  I try to use Hilton Hotels brands exclusively whenever I travel. As a result, I booked the Hilton Kensington, even after reading some of the less than positive reviews regarding the state of the rooms. In all honesty I didnt think the conditions of the rooms would be as poor as the reviews indicated. I had hoped that the previous reviewers were being overly critical. Unfortunately, to my dismay they were not. I have been to London many times and have come to expect smaller than average rooms that cost more than average. What I did not expect to find was a room in…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,As a wedding present the wife and I had afternoon tea at the Hilton. As expected we found the staff were helpful and friendly. The view from the 28th floor bar and Restaurant was spectacular and well worth a view. How ever at £4 a glass of diet coke plus £1 service charge I think this was a bit much even for a top range hotel. Tea how ever was very good I never thought small food would be so filling and look so good.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor,"We stayed at the Kensington Hilton last night , it was poor ! Tired rooms that are so small that you cannot both fit in the bathroom at the same time and if you are both in the bedroom one has to sit on the bed ! No tea bags in the room only two tiny sachets of coffee ! It’s a disgrace to the Hilton brand ! They also wanted to charge you £12 to use the internet in the room !!! Avoid there are loads better",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfume making,"We joined a perfume making course at the hotel which was fantastic so we decided to stay on and have the afternoon tea. The restaurant was very clean and the staff were attentive when we arrived however they then left us for the remainder of the tea, we had to find someone to ask for water which we asked twice. The food was very cold where it had been left in the fridge, there was no personal service that you would expect from an afternoon tea which was quite disappointing, im glad i didnt go to this hotel just for the afternoon tea. Maybe next time someone could come and check on the guests maybe even offer a second cup of coffee?? That said the bar service we recieved when we arrived was excellent serving you  at your table and just making you feel very welcome.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service!,Thank you Hilton for the nice room and great service.   I stayed at Hilton in February 2018 and provided some feedback after my stay. Hilton replied and offered to make it up to me if I came back another time. I stayed here again in March 2019 and got a really nice room. Thank you Hilton for a great stay!,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good hospitality,The hotel located nice place to conecution to center London room service and house keeping was very good we really enjoyed the hotel pls provide some Indian cuisine but any ways really we enjoyed every bit moment in this hotel the room service guy Patric was nice,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old and smelly,"The rooms are really really small and outdated. I couldn’t fit my suitcase through the front door without turning it sideways. The heating didn’t work and it was blowing freezing air so much so that I had to leave my front door open as I was shivering. The shower head was broken, so was the bathroom door and wardrobe. Really disappointed by Hilton.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,Hilton Kensington is the perfect weekend getaway.  Located near public transportation and shopping mall and restaurants.  Hotel also arranges transportation to different places.  Hotel room was quite small but very clean.  London Heathrow Airport to the hotel was very easy to commute.  ,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, signs of wear, questionable accessibility","I stayed here with three girlfriends in two separate rooms for three nights earlier this month. This hotel is accessible by wheelchair, but the rooms are quite small and our friend in a wheelchair had to use her crutches to move around the room. The first room the hotel staff placed her in had clearly been smoked in; she started developing a headache within two minutes of being in the room. They did switch her room. In addition, when she called down to the front desk to request assistance to the elevator (something she'd been assured she could do), no one ever answered her calls.   The rooms themselves were clean but showing noticeable signs of wear on the walls and carpets in particular. I struggled with the shower head, and one morning accidentally flooded the bathroom because…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Lovely hotel. Very friendly staff. Just a brilliant location too, right by Westfield shopping centre and tube access too. Yes Bar very pleasant atmosphere. Gym facilities are amazing too. The room was spacious and had an amazing view as we were on the top floor!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Area great but room very small,We loved this area of London it is very desirable.  The location is the only thing that saved this property from being a lower score.  The room was smaller than one you would find on a cruise ship.  We couldn’t even fit a rollaway bed in our room.  The room was very dark and small.  It felt like we were staying in a broom closet. ,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Miniscule Room,"The smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in and quite shabby with chipped paintwork and stains on the carpet  The location is good and the breakfast is amazing,with the biggest choice imaginable Regretfully because of the poor condition of the room  I cannot recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cleanliness not up to standard - not good value for money,"Rooms are tired and don't feel clean. Staff are very friendly but because of room standards it didn't feel like good value for money at all. They offered me a twin room on arrival and this was obviously sub-standard option to what I had booked but for the same price, plus there was a bug and a hair in the bath. They changed me to a double deluxe and although it was better, the bathroom was so tired it felt grubby. ",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,close to Mall and tube,"Close to Sheperd's Bush Tube station . Hotel executive lounge is a bit worn out and crowded, serves some drinks on demand and offers finger food. Breakfast is good, the usual english breakfast with some oriental options as well. Rooms are ok, although a bit small.. Sikh temple close by. The mall has a supermarket, many shops and restaurants. But on the street there are some restaurants used by locals.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A mixed bag but good for the money,"I stayed here for one night as I was going to the theatre. It was a good price and the value for west London is excellent. It’s conveniently located close to several tube stations with close access to Westfield White City. It’s a large, soulless building but the staff are very well trained and the hotel is well maintained. The rooms are not large but are adequate although the bathroom was pokey. It would also be tricky to stand up in the shower if over six feet tall. My main concern was with the bed which kept me awake for much of the night as the frame creaked. To be fair to the hotel they did offer to move me at 4am but by that time I was wide awake and cross. They dealt with my complaint well. Breakfast was very impressive as I’ve never seen such a good spread catering for so…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington revisited,"I stayed again in November 2018 for 3 nights on business and then my wife joined me for 2 nights for a short break.  Hilton Kensington is a great location for all sorts of things.  for a start, there is a bus stop for the Open Top busses right outside the front door!  The staff in the Executive lounge were very busy but still had time to see to your individual needs.  Comfortable rooms with modest sized but well fitted bathrooms.  Excellent breakfast with wide choices.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NEEDS MAJOR UPDATING,"As my family arrived at the hotel, their driver asked if the hotel building looks shabby and was wondering when was the last time it got a painting done. This is just the outside. The lobby actually looked quite modern and nice. The rooms, however, were a joke, all the rooms need updating asap. We stayed in two different rooms on two different floors. One room you can see the bath is about to break from its wooden holding. The other room didn't even have a bathroom door, it had a sliding door which you can just imagine it was there temporarily but someone decided to just leave it as it is. The hotel itself seems to be busy so perhaps that's why they don't have time to update things, but other Hilton hotels in the area are getting updated all the time so they could do the same…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,"Obviously a hotel used for convenience not to stay in.  We had 2 rooms.  One was adequate though lacking modern conveniences like sockets for charging devices.  The double room was worse than any Travelodge/Premier Inn I have ever stayed in.  The bathroom was tiny but well supplied with towels, products etc.  the toilet too about 20 minutes to noisily refill after use. The bedside light on one side was broken.  In the twin room they had an alarm clock on the desk which they could use for charging but our was missing this so there was no clock in the room.  The breakfast was good. The public areas in the entrance like the rooms could do with a refresh.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, excellent location, helpful staff","We enjoyed our stay at this lovely hotel. The location is just too good. Very close to Westfield Shopping mall and also Shepherds Bush Tube Station. Bust stop just outside the hotel and the bus 94, takes you straight to Oxford Circus. We preferred travelling by bus, since we had to walk less inside the tube. Great breakfast, and very helpful staff. We thank Sofia for all the assistance she gave us. ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel  great location,Stayed here with my daughter for a weekend in London. Great location near tube and shopping centre. Hotel staff really helpful. Hotel and rooms clean and well presented - not the most modern but perfect none the less.  Breakfasts of dreams.  Would defo recommend,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic rooms ,"Fantastic rooms and great staff, what more do you want from a hotel. You have to look beyond the fact the hotel is being refurbished at the moment.   I stayed in a newly refurbished room which was fantastic. The decor was tasteful, the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.  All staff I encountered were very helpful and polite. I received great customer service from the moment I arrived until the moment I left.  Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. The hotel is situated close to the Natural History museum and not far from the Albert Hall. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Gracious staff, amazing breakfast","I was in London to visit my oldest daughter, who teaches in England, and her family.  My younger daughter traveled with me.  We had a twin room.  When registering I asked for an upgrade with my Hiltons Rewards and was given a slightly larger room and their wonderful breakfast to be included.  This was a wonderful benefit for us and much appreciated.  Our room was in need of an update, but just fine. And as I had read in another review, the mattresses were quite hard, but with wonderful Hilton bedding.  Nice water pot for tea or coffee and small fridge.  Even little shortbread cookies daily!  Bathroom was upgraded with nice tile and shower. Everything was very clean.  We used room service for a couple of meals and it was very good.  Each morning we had their amazing breakfast. …",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standard hotel,"Booked a double room for one night, it was clean, the bed was comfortable and the shower was decent. Just a 10 minute walk from the Shepherd's Bush Westfield and tube stations but actually very quiet. The lady on the reception desk was very good when we were checking in, the lift was a very slight issue, having never stayed in a Hilton before (and apparently neither of us can read) we didn't realise you had to scan your card before you could choose your floor, made fools of ourselves there! But all in all a good stay, if the restaurant was cheaper we'd have had breakfast there too but as it was a decent 4 star hotel.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews," Very good, especially when on budget. ","We had a very good stay here in February 2019. I am a Diamond member and the staff reached out prior to our arrival and confirmed room upgrades for both of our rooms. Upon arrival and during our stay, the staff was extremely courteous.   The rooms were good. The hotel does need an upgrade, but given what we paid, we were very satisfied with our rooms. The executive lounge and breakfast (both in the lounge and restaurant) are very good as well. The Exec Lounge is open till 11pm.   Access to public transport is excellent. Bus right outside the hotel, and Shepherd’s Bush tube station is a less than 5 minute walk. If budget is a concern for you, like it was for us, I will highly recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great value, the nicest staff ever","I arrived here with some trepidation based on the reviews, but left utterly satisfied.    No, it's not the newest or most modern hotel, but that's reflected in the room rates.  Rather, for a great price, I had a spacious room, a comfortable bed, a real window, a spotless bathroom, a safe, (mostly) fast wifi, and peace and quiet.  Add to that a great location, just a few minutes from a Waitrose and an Underground Station.  And this is really where the Hilton Kensington shines: the staff were, to a fault, just lovely. Not a frown, not a scowl - just kind, thoughtful, and helpful.  No one ever said ""no"", no one ever made me jump through hoops for a request.  And the smiles were boundless.  Given that such a team is a rarity, I can easily give this hotel 5 stars.  To the management,…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A bit dated but decent enough with good transport links ,"Nice hotel in a decent area of London with decent transport connections, a little dated in some of the rooms, the service staff are really nice. The house keeping/cleaners could do with knowing to not change the setting of the shower temperature from where I left it, and to also not move stuff around from where I left it (like the soap in the shower soap tray)",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend,From the moment you enter via the revolving doors a warm welcome was received and it carried on through the three nights we spent with them. Check in made us feel like royalty and from what we could see this was how all guests were treated. The food was exceptional and the birthday surprise gift was amazing.   The only down side was the same revolving door as we had to use it to come home - we wished we could have stayed for a week. We will be back.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton hotel in a great location,"-spacious room -extremely clean -great location ( nice area and very close to central underground station , a very big mall.right next to the hotel ) -customer service .could be better by some of the employees  -gym facilities.and sauna was ok -Overall it was a great 5day stay. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton always top!,"I’v Been here for business, and all the time is a lovely stay and an amazing experience. Room always clean and comfy, staff always lovely and helpful. Expecially the lady in reception, I wish i could remember her name. was Italian if can be helpful. She is a star",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Retirement Holiday,"Stayed at the Hilton in August 2018 for 3 days before departing for a cruise in the Mediterranien.  Room was a little small but overlooked the beautiful tree-lined street.  The bed was super comfy, and everything was very clean.  Staff were friendly and helpful, and pointed us in the right direction for planned visits we had arranged. The breakfast was amazing for the price, and we even ate there in the evening a couple of times.  Overall, well placed and I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never come back,Old hotel with poor beds. The bethroom isnt clean and vert noise. Some of the staf are not nice at all.we took 3 rooms and all of them with the same problems. We will never come back to this hotel....,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mother & Daughter Trip,"The hotel is tired in some public areas, but I have not been put off about returning.  Bedroom was fine and served us well. Very clean (and my standards are high).  Welcome and check out were both good. Enjoyed a very good meal in the Bar and then popped across to Westfield shopping centre. It is literally across the road. What I must mention is the bar/waiting staff. They were attentive, professional and friendly.  Wish I could remember their names.  ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Trip to London,"Great location.  If you are there to site see, there is a bus stop in front of the hotel.  We had a room on the 5th floor with a view of the park, but it is right above the street.  If you want piece and quiet get a room in the back.  Over all a great hotel.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Member - Always stay here when in London,"Third trip to this property - outstanding service, good quality food and drink. Rooms and property need a bit of refurbishment, but that is my only critique. The property is close to transit and shopping, with good access to the rest of greater London. ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and really good breakfast,"Service is top notch - from front desk to bell desk. I extended my stay several times and they accommodated me easily.  The hotel itself is a bit 'Wes Anderson', and could use some modernization - both in terms of lobby, layout and rooms, but was definitely up there in terms of value and options. I used the fitness room and executive lounge and they functioned well.  The breakfast was amazing - rarely am I surprised by Hilton breakfast, as I am Diamond and stay at many a year, but they had an amazing selection of all the normal (eggs, bacon, several types of sausage, beans, etc.) and also included Indian and Falafel as a choice - lots of yogurt and fruit options as well. Quite pleased!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well located and does the business,Visited for one night. Looks tired from outside but staff helpful and welcoming. Standard room ok for London standards. Downstairs bar food and again staff pleasant. Got back at 22.50 and ordered food - simple pizza but tasty. Last orders 23.00. Good quality cocktail.   Had complimentary breakfast although no record when we went to restaurant.   I would say if u can get room for less than £150 it is worth considering.,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A modern Hilton hotel,This Hilton will not win any prizes for design but works fine as a hotel very close to Shepard’s Bush underground station and as such walking distance to Westfield shopping centre. Also on a bus route with stop outside.  Pleasant front desk staff and the standard Hilton decor bedrooms did the job  A large bar / casual dinning option was busy and the larger restaurant was serving a buffet type of evening meal.    Breakfast had a nice range of fresh and cooked food. 630 am start    For quieter room pick higher up and on the rear .  Worked fine but no escape from Heathrow planes.   ,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A little disappointing, but good location","My partner brought me here as a Birthday present, it's one of our favourite places in London. The hotel is a perfect location, right near Shephards Bush station and right next to Westfield shopping centre which has a strip of restaurants/bars which is really nice to go on the evening. We was however disappointed in the hotel, especially compared to our stay previously years back. The room was really small and pokey, if you wanted to walk around the bed you had to go single file. It was quite dated, and the bathroom looked run down with a standard box size shower. The water was room temperature at best, so basically had a cold shower. We also had to ring and ask for an engineer to come and fix our air con as it wouldn't come on. Even when it was on it hardly did anything, and the…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Faultless but cramped, impersonal","Good location and service, but from the moment you work your way past taxis into the revolving door you're in the 70s. The hotel is spacious but tired, and down the corridors it felt like I was on a ferry. The small room had a good size comfy bed and the usual comforts, though at a Hilton I suppose you pay to expect a little extra. Not impressed with the low ceiling in the bath room and a small bath with a leaky plug. Decent cleanliness and quiet however. ",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay,"Stayed one night and it was lovely. The hotel is exceptionally clean. The staff are extremely friendly and will go above and beyond to help, we didn’t know which bus route to catch and they kindly gave us all the information we could of wanted to make our trip to London special. The hotel is located central whilst there is a taxi rank and bus stop right outside, which will take you into central London and arrives every 10 minutes (route 94) along with the open top bus.  The room was wonderful it was spacious, perfectly clean and comfortable. It included an iron, ironing board, tea and coffee facility, aircon/heating, and a hairdryer. Wonderful. The breakfast was outstanding with a large selection to choose from catering for all allergy requirements and tastes.  We had a late…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Ok hotel, good location","We stayed here instead of getting a late train home after a theatre trip. The hotel is ok, room was very small and needs modernisation. The whole hotel is old and tired and needs a big update. Bed hard and pretty uncomfortable. But the price was good and we only used it to sleep in. Staff very friendly.   Location is good, 5 min walk to Westfield where there are lots of restaurants and bars, plus the tube. Cheap parking at Westfield too. The walk to Holland Park tube is lovely and saw lots of nice cafes and shops. ",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel in need of modernisation,"I was in London for work and quite frankly couldn't be bothered complaining in the hotel at the time after 9hrs of travel on day one and a heavy workload each other day. Thank god for the Exec lounge. The hotel is very tired looking and apart from the lobby and exec lounge staff cracking a smile and saying hello, the rest were cold and unfriendly to say the least. The corridor smelt damp there are very few sockets in the rooms to cater for the modern business traveller quite frankly premier inns and dare I say even travel lodges are better equipped. The staff in this hotel should be sent to the garden Inn in Sunderland to see how its done properly. Very poor experience for a Hilton.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lesson learned,"My girlfriend and I stayed here this week as a small treat to ourselves after a hectic few months and a chance to get away for a much needed change of scenery. As such we went for a nicer hotel than we would usually afford ourselves, Hilton’s are a brand name we thought meant a touch of luxury. We now realise this isn’t the case.  Not in this particular location anyway.  Our room looked over the busy road below and the window wouldn’t shut properly and as such we heard the traffic all night, sirens, horns all the usual London noises all night. We could even hear people talking that’s how useless the windows were.  Second gripe was unless you are under 5’6 you would not be able to stand under the shower head! A horrible shower over a bath in a room charged at £165 a night. Just…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel ,Upgraded to a suite which was nice. The room had 2 rooms - the bedroom with the bathroom attached and a seated area in another room. It wasn’t grand by any means but it was nice. Bed was comfortable but not overly big (would have thought with a suite would have been bigger).  Toiletries in bathroom. Had a nice bath! Tea and coffee making facilities. Went to the lounge which was good.  Breakfast was good - nice mix of things including a chickpea masala!  In all we had a good stay with no issues.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Westfield Shepherds Bush.,"First stay at this hotel. Very convenient for Westfield and a short distance to rail links at Shepherds Bush and Holland Park. Rooms were clean, and had been modernised, our bathroom was a little tired in places though. Downside bar staff needed more training, four on duty but service was very slow even though the bar was not busy. Our waiter apologised for delay but still managed to forget one out of two drinks.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A must for any elevator enthusiasts ,My trip to Hilton Kensington will always be one to remember. They really did go above and beyond. With my bedroom as part of the lift shaft I could meticulously listen to the lift working all night long ,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff. Small rooms. Expected better.,"Great location for shopping if you like that sort of thing. Very friendly and helpful staff, really went the extra mile for us which was very pleasing. Two things let the hotel down for me. Firstly our room was very small and old fashioned with some furnishing really showing their age. Sure it had most things you expect to find in a hilton but in really needs a revamp. Second the breakfast was overcrowded, with a long line of people waiting for tables. This is simply not acceptable at any level. The food was of reasonable quality but the dining are is simply too small for the number of guests booked in. Its the same with the executive lounge, its a nice place and provides a great service but again its simply too small with insufficient seating or tables. I'm a hilton gold card…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,"By American Standard, this Hilton falls short of being considered 4 stars.  It need s serious update!  There were paint chips on the interior of doors that had fallen off.  The fit and finishes are old.  You can see it in the details.  ",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cannot wait to go again,"We loved this hotel. The initial welcome is professional and makes you feel very much at home. The staff just outstanding and all offerings are of a high standard. We especially loved the breakfast. Fresh, tasty and plentiful. Thank you to all",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Check the room before you check in,"We have stayed a many Hilton hotels and in most cases enjoyed our stays with them.  However this one disappointed us, we accept that rooms in Europe are generally smaller but they generally clean and well maintained and are not in need of upgrading like this room required.  The carpets where worn and the bathtub finish peeling off and the tiles cracked. We stayed here for three nights two nights in this tired old room and after our tour we stayed one night that was much better but still not to Hiltons standards. To top off our stay we elected to eat at the hotels restaurant lounge another mistake because the food served here was poor. I feel that the hotel focused their attention to the morning breakfast buffet because it was well done with many food types and options.  My…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away,"This hotel in my opinion is in need of updating. I appreciate that this was one of the first Hilton hotels build in London, so I was told and having got 600 bedrooms it takes some maintaining. I use Hilton regularly for business travel of which I stayed in two of them just last week so I am a good judge of the Brand and the general quality. The staff at this hotel were friendly and tried to help and can only work with what they have. The room I had unfortunately had a broken air conditioning unit and as a result the room was cold. I did speak to reception and we agreed they would send an engineer to the room between 9pm and 12 as my wife and I were going out dinner. We when we got back they clearly could not fix the unit and had kindly left us an oil filled radiator. Its just a…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great City Hotel,"The location of this hotel right next to a major shopping complex (Westfield Shopping Mall), and next to excellent public transportation connections to various parts of the city made this a very good hotel for my needs.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor,"Very disappointed in our room. Small, dark and dingy. Bathroom way too small. Whole hotel vastly in need of a refurbishment from top to bottom. Grossly expensive for such poor quality. Very misleading from website",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good in parts,"Lets get the good done first  The staff in this place were excellent , especially when I checked in as their systems were down.  They handled it great and despite the issue maintained their professionalism at all times in short they were great.  The bar / restaurant is fine for a hotel again the staff are great and the food I had there was fine.  The only issue is the rooms the first one was small and in need of updating, the bathroom was tiny and sprung a leak from the loo the 2nd night we where there.  We were moved no issue 2nd room at the front of the hotel was twice the size near both in room and bathroom space. Although near the main road the noise was less than I expected all good there. However the room again was a bit tatty with torn wall paper.  Not a bad place to stay…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shame initial service was not as good as follow up ,"Booked to stay at this hotel with my 6 year old daughter as a a little birthday treat so we could visit my older daughter who is in her first year at University in London.  Booked this hotel as the location was great for meeting with my older daughter.  Arrived after a long journey from North wales due to train delays.  Welcome at reception was not great, no acknowledgement as Hilton Honours member and wasn’t even advised where the lifts were or offered any information etc-not great when you are travelling alone with a young child.  Got into the room and it was tiny, not very clean and had a musty smell, but my little girl was so exhausted we just got into bed.  I was then kept awake through the night by some light flashing and buzzing noise from the air con panel that I could…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,business trip in january,"the Hilton kensington is a good hotel conveniently located to public transport and main business areas near kensington and Victoria station.  the hotel staff is friendly and active. the staff will work hard to make a pleasent stay. the hotel rooms are well equipped, good bathroom, internet, and mostly located near quiet road. all facilities are in the room. in some cases the rooms can be decorated better.  the dinner in compact modern style restaurant is nice and the cook certainly knows how to prepare a good steak or sea bass.  the breakfast offers wide selection of fruits bread and vegetable English style.  the staff in the restaurants are very helpful. small comment for the rooms which could be slightly improved in painting or flooring.  overall good experience with this…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great,The hotel is amazingly located near the nigh street Kensington and the tube is very near the rooms are good and the service is amazing. Definitely going back when I’m back in London. The rates are amazing as well.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,We had a lovely time in Kensington Hilton. The breakfast was amazing. We used the executive lounge and it was so good. We used the sauna & steam rooms. It was so relaxing. Rooms were nice & clean. We are planning to visit in March ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reviews did not look good but our stay was fine,"After booking this I read the reviews and became concerned what I had book, but my stay was ok, yes it is showing its age but so are many other hotels in London. The staff we found all very helpful. The room again was showing its age but for the price we paid was ok. We had a room on the side of the hotel which kept us away from the noise of the traffic and hence a good nights sleep. Breakfast was good lots of options and service was good. I would of been disappointed if I paid full price but for what I paid it was ok.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This really is a super location and 2 minutes walk from Westfield Shepherds Bush.  The breakfast choice is super and the staff were very attentive to my 4 year old (activity packs provided every day!).  Check in and out was easy.  The bar offers a good range of wines, cocktails and beers.  Rooms are small, but contain everything you need including a small fridge, tea/coffee, 2 bottles of water per day and a hairdryer.  The hotel is definitely dated and would benefit from a refresh, however the service and staff more than make up for it.  For the price point this hotel would be top of my list for a return to London",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shabby room but staff very good and breakfast spot on,"We have stayed here before a few years ago and had a decent standard of room. I only ever stay in Hilton hotels and am usually very satisfied. Wear and tear has taken its toll and this hotel needs a refurbishment for some of the bedrooms. Public areas were fine although landings were as shabby as the rooms. Some doors looked like they had been well and truly battered by a locked out guest and wooden trim was very grotty looking.When we arrived and went to our room I was hugely disappointed . I called reception and explained that this was well below Hilton standards. I was told that they probably couldn't offer a better room in this class as the hotel is old. That is no excuse in my opinion. Old or not, worn fittings can be replaced. I show pictures of some of the areas which I…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff is really helpful. ,The facilities are quite old. But it’s close to the underground. Easy to travel. Special thanks to the front office staff - Mr Andrea Miolo. He was patient to help me to print my documents. Thank you! ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington - an excellent experience!,"I stayed in the Hilton London Kensington during the Christmas and New Year 2019 time. It was a fabulous experience from all aspects. The property is very nice and very cozy, the staff is very friendly and very professional, and the location of the hotel is brilliant! ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another lovely stay,Well what can I say  Another lovely stay  I don’t think I would stay anywhere else now!   I always enjoy staying here when I am on business  I look forward to returning to this lovely hotel in London   Thanks again,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Don’t Stay, not worth it!","- tiny rooms that are dated, smell, mattress springs gone, noisy and smelly hallways.- the rooms are dark, not enough lighting- breakfast is ok, the same selections every day.-only good thing is the walking distance to the mall. ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington average/poor experience,"We traveled London for celebrating New Year eve. As Hilton loyal member had higher expectations of this hotel. Room was clean but uncomfortable (too small), room door's framework requires some work, noisy hall , bed not suitable for 2 guests.  Also found some attitude at front desk and messy management of breakfast time, been quite inefficient the queue time.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay! ,"After reading the rather mixed bag of reviews we didn’t know what to expect. We arrived before the room was made, but the front desk offered to give us a call when the room was ready. Very Nice! The room (1078) was a corner room. Spacious and with a nice bathroom. The rooms are perhaps in need of a refurbishment, but nothing critical. The hotel offers almost everything you can think of. A good gym, even a snackbar! The breakfast was perfect. Lots of choices. IT is situated close to the subway and westfield is a really nice shopping centre. Friendly staff. All in all a very pleasant stay. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family stay in London 3.5 mark,"We stayed 5 days with our 2 kids we booked 2 rooms. plus: confort: rooms are not small/ bed confortable cleaningness of the room was ok location: it is not central london but quite easy to access via direct bus or via tube (15mn) westfield mall is next to it breakfast was quite good quality   points of improvement the hotel stucks in the 2000s it does not seem to have any renovation for the last few years staff: were overall ok  case 1: at 6 am the receptionist told breakfast open at 630 when it was actually 7am case 2: when I went to pick our luggages from the concierge he was too busy helping guests I asked the 4 receptionists who were not busy to assist but ""they could not help"" pretty poor from Hilton staff so we waited and in the end had to go myself get the bags room…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The London 8,The location was excellent.  Near the huge Westfield shopping mall with numerous places to eat.  The rooms were rather small but clean and comfortable.  Very comfortable bed!  The staff was friendly and accommodating.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London for a few days,"We visited London in December 2018 26th-29th.  The hotel has parking, which doesn’t need to be reserved. It’s £32 in the week and £25 on the weekend.  It’s well located as it’s 5 minutes walk from Westfield White City, where there are hundreds of shops and lovely restaurants. It also has parking for £8 for 24hrs! Seems to good to be true.  The hotel bedrooms aren’t too bad. The bed wasn’t very comfortable, but it’s personal choice in these things. They were cleaned to a good standard, however, the bathrooms are in need of reservation. Yellowing sealant, cracks and the door has been painted many many times. Our bathroom door didn’t shut properly or lock, which is ok for a family, but as friends sharing, that wouldn’t work well. Only concern here was, no ice in the machine on our…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing Special,I only stayed for one night to attend a meeting the next day.  The hotel itself is fine - clean and comfortable.  I had only two issues which is the reason for removing a point is that the restaurant is expensive and the portions are small and it is not the most accessible when using the underground system from Gatwick.  The 4 minute estimae walking from Shepards bush is not accurate,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just average...,"This hotel is in a great location but that's about all that sets it apart. The rooms are tired, dated and in need of some serious TLC: all the wood was chipped and the carpets stained. The bed creaked really bad and the bathroom sink was chipped and had been messily repaired.  The breakfast was average at best. The first day we went early (before 8.30) and there was a fairly good choice. However, the next day we went a little later (9.30 ish) and the choice was lacking, the juice and glasses had run out and weren't being replaced and two out of three coffee machines weren't working.  For nearly £200 per night we expected a little more. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Room dust everywhere, cold place in room!","I was first time place here, falling apart, apparently the oldest Hilton in London and not surprised at all. Is one of problem these place too much things like lot of jewels in here. Might can believes find sight difficult being deep hide steal things then went. There is no high security guards in this hotel???! What the hell this place everywhere stuff from! Pretty biggest place like theatre or Large the palace square center. I was try fit-it keycard in door as faulty. Ask staff will help me where is the bedroom as stay is. Man will fix-it replace keycard go throught bedroom. Room was nice place thought... Is bathroom door unlocked fix-it problem, curtains burn thing, Bedroom room were cold, central heater didnt working at all. And not stay on my head bed hard board, I keep my…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel next to shopping mall and tube,It was great to stay at this hotel. It’s proximity to the London tube station and big shopping mall makes it exciting and easier to get things nearby. Staff were very friendly and availability of the digital key made our stay comfortable.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Service & Hotel,"Stayed here 7th & 8th December for 2 nights in a double room. Arrived early and dropped off our cases while we visited family. Helpful concierge staff stored them for us. The room was comfortable and well equipped. We had a problem with the room air con and called reception. A maintenance man was there within 5 minutes and sorted the problem. The bed was comfortable and the towels clean , plentiful and fluffy. An ice machine conveniently located at the end of a corridor on way to the lift. Had a great sleep. Well appointed room. Wonderful bathroom and complementary toiletries. We hadn't booked breakfast so on the Saturday morning we paid £20 each for the breakfast buffet. One of the best breakfasts I have ever had. Every conceivable taste catered for. Fresh juices , smoothies…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over priced and not good,We had a Christmas party here and found that the drinks were extortionately priced. Over £22 for 3 Sambucas! Food was poorly cooked with hard veg and dry turkey but service was good. Enjoyed the disco but found the overall hotel was tired.  All in all everything was expensive which wouldn’t be so bad if the quality matched. ,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired & showing signs of wear and tear, and not worthy of the Hilton branding","I was happy to pay the overpriced rate for what was deemed a deluxe hotel. Departure point for a 4.30 a.m Trafalgar tour. Shocked by the poor quality of the 'deluxe' room. Size was based on European rates ! Bathroom shower door was detached, tiles broken and those that were repaired had white silicon smeared amateurishly, Carpet was mismatched and the bed atrocious,  creaking base and incredibly poor mattress. Only highlight was the Hilton Honors complimentary water bottle.No offer for a breakfast refund as we were supplied a cardboard box of muesli bar, yogurt & fruit box juice -hardly 20 pounds value.Saddly I can't refund my post tour night stay . Credit to the checkin guy who was engaging and welcoming, not so the gruff concierge who was more interested in charming a few…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Seen Better Days ,"I just stayed for two nights at the Hilton Kensington.  This is probably my 7th or 8th time staying there over ten years. In the past I’ve spent at least a week there each time.  So I speak from a lot of personal knowledge.  The staff are warm and friendly and the hotel is in a great location.  The breakfasts there are plentiful and terrific. They’re very family friendly. It’s close to the tube, close to some nice shops and to Holland Park which is truly lovely.  I wish I could give it a five but it is really in need of a major renovation.  The rooms are small and they’re really tired.  Decor is early 2000’s contemporary and everything is looking outdated and worn.  The lighting is poor.  The door to the room and bathroom door were both completely warped.  The toilet dripped…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service,This was my first visit to this beautiful  hotel ..Was served by Mr Saby !! He gave good suggestion for drinks nd food !I must say he knows customer service!! Keep up the good work..all the best !! Will sure return,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, good location and price.","Handy hotel at a reasonable price, good quality and value.  We were at an event at Olympia so this was an excellent location a small walking from there.  Handy for Heathrow (£50) by cab.  Also close to the Shepard’s Bush train and underground station.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location hence bad service is forgiven,"Room looks tired. Front Desk staff look stressed and disinterested BUT i am absolutely impressed by the cool and calmness of Kim, Lauren and Agron despite the hectic check ins and checks outs. This hotel is increasingly looking more and more like a FAKE HILTON hotel because it doesn't do the name justice.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels!!,The hotel is very clean. The hotel staff was welcoming with their huge smiles.  Room was spacious and comfortable. Parking was not an issue. Would recommend to all friends and family.  One of the best experiences!!.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a lot of management attention,"Really disappointed as have stayed here a few years ago and its really gone down hill. The negatives are; Tiny rooms- we had a standard double and could not get our hand luggage wheeled between the desk and bed its so tight. noisy air conditioner that did not allow you to change settings. The bar and restaurant area is merged which is not comfortable and the tables were filthy first thing in the morning ( wiped with dirty cloths), The prices in the restaurant are mad and well above a three star hotel norm. Breakfast is £20, a small black coffee is £3.90, a small Merlot is £9 and a half pint of cider is £4.40. The food did look good but we were forced to leave due to the pricing. The reception and bar/restaurant area are quite sterile and no real atmosphere. The hotel could do…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton?,"This does not seem like a Hilton hotel, the Hilton hotels I have stayed in have been clean, modern, and spacious. We checked in online and chose our room although on arrival was told it was not ready (even though it was 4pm!) so no point choosing your room online. They said they had upgraded us but I have no idea what type of room we would have been in before the upgrade! As this room was tiny hardly room to pass each other and with the cot in the room no space at all. Bathroom was shocking for a Hilton, bath all broken. The view we had was of a drainpipe and a brick wall so the room was constantly dark. When we went to breakfast we were not even offered a high chair for the baby (and I couldn’t see any in the room) so not sure this is a family friendly hotel. The staff were all…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Poor maintenance, poor Breakfast, poor service","Received an upgrade, however I had to pay for it as I found out afterwards. Wallpaper coming from the walls, dirty carpet. Broken toilet Seat. Airco not working. Poor Breakfast. Staff mainly trainees.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming for the name,"Just had a night stay in this Hotel and was expecting premium treatment.  Firstly the app looked really good, digital key, upgrade options, floorplan, room chooser and other info.  We chose the room on 7th floor that was available in the App and looked forward to being at the top of the hotel. Upon arrival, we found that the room I had booked was not available, then why let me pick it? It makes no sense at all to have that option in the app if the room has been given to someone else. We were given a room on the 1st floor that was right next to the cleaning store room, this was terrible. The room was opened and closed all night, and it wasnt soft close either, it slammed shut, giving me practically no good sleep all night.  The shower was draining very very slowly, it meant we…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average ,Stayed on business.  Upgraded to executive room as gold HH member.   Check in took an absolute age - not enough staff to cope with demand.  Given room key and went to room.  Someone else in it!  Room was ok.  Food was expensive (even for London).  Breakfast ok.  Just left feeling completely underwhelmed.  Good location near Shepherds Bush station.  ,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast and access to Tube,"The rooms are nice but there is no power by the bed and no alarm clock provided either so how do you tell the time?  Incredible breakfast including continental fare and a full hot English breakfast (even black pudding!), an automatic pancake maker, automatic latte machines, lots of fresh bread and fruit and more. Location is a short walk to Underground and Overground lines.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice staff but tired,"This was our second time staying there and our first time was a lot better, we had a little problem with our room but the staff was very helpful and we got a much better room. The rooms are outdated and really need a upgrade BUT the staff was lovely, not sure if this is going to be our first choice hotel next time but we like the location.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Grubby executive lounge and unhelpful concierge ,"Underwhelmed by this Hilton as diamond members.  Certainly didn't expect to have stained and grubby seating in the executive lounge (took two photos of different seats). Opted for the vinyl upholstery in the end to protect my clothes ... clearly upholstery cleaning not on the maintenance rota. On final morning asked concierge desk to help with luggage.  My partner had gone to an early meeting and so I brought my own case and briefcase down. His cabin bag, suit carrier and briefcase still in room.  Expected a courteous smile and a 'no problem, of course' but was left feeling as if I had inconvenienced him by asking for assistance!  On the plus side the reception staff were friendly, helpful and apologetic. Good range of drinks and canapés in the executive lounge in the evening. …",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay but tired room,Staff were lovely and hotel in good location for tube access.  Breakfast was excellent.  The room was very tired with stains on carpet and bathroom Mouldy and damp. Room in need of full refurb.  I would return. ,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short but sweet,"The hotel is a little on the older side, but don’t let that deter you from staying here.  The staff is very nice and accommodating, and this hotel has everything you need including great location.  With the Westfield mall adjacent to the hotel and Holland Park just around the corner this location is ideal.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,one night stay,Its a real beef of mine when staying in an expensive hotel. To charge for water in the room is a disgrace it should be complimentary. The hotel is large and lacking in any atmosphere. Reception is like an airport departure lounge. The rooms are quite small and looking very tired although reasonably well equipped with and iron and ironing board. Tea and coffee making facilities also available. The location is ideal for meetings but not so good if wanting the WestEnd. I was at a corporate event so can't really comment on the food for evening meals but Breakfast was very disappointing. Ok if you like self service in a very busy canteen. Although to be fair there was a lot of choice.but you didn't know how long it had been out.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Winter wonderland trip,"Clean hotel and cheap compared to others hotels near Hyde park. Management at this hotel were outstanding, had a couple of issues with the room and were sorted within minutes and stress free, whilst also even upgrading because of the concern regarding no power outlet with plugs and a damaged tap. Our stay included breakfast which there was a large variety the normal full English, fresh fruit, yoghurt, cereal etc  Would never use the black cabs again especially this time of year we tried various transport to get around London, even using the 94 bus which stops just outside the hotel to take you to the selfridges store at a cost of £1.50. Uber varied between £7-£9. Definitely would return to this hotel and the staff matched the standard of the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,Lovely afternoon tea for friends birthday nice sandwiches and cakes with plenty tea to drink good value having used a voucher. Waitresses very attentive but not over the top very professional. Would definitely go again on a voucher full cost a little bit on the expensive but quality is good.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but tired ,"Stayed here on business, the hotel is nice and a good location close to transport links. The rooms look nice but on closer inspection you realise they are quite tired - the skirting boards are scuffed and dirty, the chair in the corner is ripped in numerous places, the wooden furnishings in the room are mismatching and the desk is scratched and chipped. If you don’t look closer though you may not notice all the faults! The bathroom was small but standard and breakfast was ok. All in all it was an ok stay for a night, I just wouldn’t stay here if I was looking for something special",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for Staycation and Holiday Accomodation,"Small and cosy room with a comfortable queen-sized bed, and a very nice bathroom. Free standard wifi in the room. Friendly and helpful staff who will assist you in their best way. Located in the leafy district of Holland Park, 30 minutes from Heathrow Airport, with excellent transport links into Central London and three different tube lines nearby.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rotten,"Smallest room ever, carpets filthy, bathroom rotten wood, mouldy ceiling, rotten shower, smallest double ever  £17 for 2 drinks at the bar  Bloody joke  I would rather stay in a travel lodge Stayed at Hilton for a treat, don’t know why we bothered",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The worst bed I have slept in in years!,"Room was small, shower was grubby and as I am short I had to have the shower head pulled down quite low - big mistake, water absolutely soaked the bathroom floor so that I had to call for another shower mat and towels to mop up. When the girl came to the room and I tried to explain the problem she said “sorry I don’t speak English”! The worst part was the bed, it creaked and squeaked every time one of us moved. It was like sleeping in the sort of bed you got 30 years ago in some cheap hotel abroad.  We were really not impressed and would not recommend.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,W11 Hotel,Second time I have stayed here and the rooms are nice with a good tv and comfortable. I would say they are definitely better then the Holiday Inn rooms in Kensington. Breakfast was very good with a decent coffee machine. Overall looks a little tired but is fine,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Oh boy, where do I start!","Pitiful hotel, falling apart, apparently the oldest Hilton in London and not surprised at all. Grubby bathroom, dirty shower curtains, a shower head the turns to the wall and not stay on your head; almost reminds you of a ill maintained hospital room. Front desk staff couldn’t care less tells you that they are full so can’t do nothing. Had a lot of tour busses so can understand where the crowd is coming from. Having moved here after a week in an other Hilton property in central London, the differences were quite stark. Don’t stay here. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Interesting. It could have been a terrible stay for me, averted.","I stayed six nights. I arrived and checked into the hotel with my two suitcases, only to be shocked (yes, shocked) at the very small size of the room (I had booked the ""Double Deluxe Room""). There was barely room for my suitcases and little space to move in the room, with the bed having taking up practically every inch of the room, except for the cramped area with a desk and chair. A couple of inches of space as the wardrobe (literally), didn't go deep. I was also surprised by the film of dust on surfaces (on counter/table tops near the wardrobe) and the very worn chair in the room (see my photos). I think the hotel can do better here. At that point, I regretted booking the hotel.   I could not imagine staying six nights there, so I called guest services to complain. The person…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"So far, not good.","This is our first night at this hotel but already had several issues: Only very hot water in the shower, no USB to charge phones, waited for a long time at the restaurant last night until we decided to cancel the order and go to bed, no electric outlets in the bathroom, no coffee maker in the room.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for Diamond member,"This hotel has an executive lounge which added great value to our trip. We were also given an upgraded room which was crucial as the regular rooms are quite small. Public transit from this hotel is super easy, we regularly caught the bus right outside and the metro across the street. It's a bit far from city center, but for the price we paid we were very happy. Wish there were more dining options in the evening, which is the only reasons I gave 4/5 rating.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another business trip made easy,"Another trip to London and again I've returned to the Hilton group. I should maybe look to getting the app, but getting in at 5.30pm check in wasn't busy. Friendly welcoming check in staff speedily confirmed my booking and I was on my way to my room, a solo traveller room with a single bed 😕 but with my usual Hilton favourite of an iron and ironing board 😃 as in the morning I'll be wearing my suit so it's good to get things freshened up from out of my overnight bag. Small bathroom but no shower curtain (dislike shower curtains if you have read my other reviews you'll pick up on that) it was a sliding glass door, perfect. I had an ok sleep in the single bed, just ok. Had a nice meal at the bar on e settled in, a bit pricey, but very good food. Good breakfast, plenty of choice,…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired,"Found this Hilton hotel on Holland Park Avenue very run down. Staff very unfriendly. The restaurant in the evening was closed & only meals available in the bar. The choices were very limited. Will not return, not value for money.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dated Hotel & Poor Exec Lounge ,"I have stayed at this hotel a couple of times now for work and out of the three Hilton's I stay at (this one, Hilton Olympia & Hilton Wembely) this ranks third place.   The rooms are very dated and also very small and the beds are rock solid (even in a suite).   When travelling with work I tend to have a light dinner in the Exec Lounge as I am a Diamond member, but the only hot food served in the lounge of an evening are spring rolls nothing like the spread which the other hotels lay on.   The hotel is well located for Westfield shopping centre and rooms are relatively quiet yet the dated & tired rooms and lacking exec lounge offer makes me opt to stay in other hotels when they have avaliability.    The hotel really needs a refurbishment to bring it up to scratch with other good…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another OK no surprises unexciting Hilton,Staff very friendly & helpful and location is fine but apart from that I just can't get excited about Hilton Hotels. Hilton Hotels survive on the past strength of their brand and their ageing customer profile but as soon as you start comparing and looking in depth at the quality of their offering I struggle to be positive. OK I was forced to stay here as an elderly relative insisted because they have stayed here for 15 years when visiting London for Classics Spectacular but for the money the bedroom was looking like it needed a refurb. Clean and tidy but a great example of a 1990's London 4 star hotel being left behind as discerning travelers expectations have increased. E.g not to be charged a fortune for an internet connection that progressive hotels include within the room…,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed feelings,The location is good. It is close to the new mall. Shepherd’s bush is cute and inexpensive. Very close to the metro station. Staff are mostly very professional and kind. The room is big. The problem is... it is over due for remodeling. I wouldn’t call it Hilton. I mean not only it is old but there are stains everywhere. The tub was do disgusting I refused to take bath... :(,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Overall good, mixed experience.","Our family had a trip to the UK and started off in London. We had two separate check-in/stays. It was great the first round, we had trouble with our booking on booking.com but the hotel very kindly assisted us especially the help of Jay and Marissa. The buffet was decent and the kids loved getting a cup of hot chocolate from the Executive Lounge in the morning or before bed. The second time we checked in was less smooth. It was late at night and we were tired. We needed two rooms and the male staff who checked us in gave us rooms floors apart from each other, on the 2nd and 7th. When we asked for his assistance on getting rooms that are closer to each other, he said that would not be possible because it was too late and so the rooms are not available and we would just have to…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"A great base for a stay in London. A fewer minor glitches- like the swipe card to the Executive Lounge was not done, so had to go back to sort it. A bit of confusion about payment. There seemed to be a lot of staff in training- no big issue. The Excutive Lounge was extremely busy to capacity in fact, we were lucky to find a seat albeit next to a printer. We didn't stay long as it was very hot and felt uneasy sitting by the printer. Had plans so we were heading out. Went to the bar which ewe hsad lunch in earlier which was fine, good service although numerous staff kept giving us the menu we weren't eating  there though. The breakfast in the Executive Lounge was very good better than I had hoped.  A full English was on offer and a great range of continental- very good. The room…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Stay,Myself and my friend stayed here for the weekend and we had a lovely stay. We come every year to celebrate are birthdays this is the third time now that we have stayed here and every stay we have had is always lovely we was upgrade to a deluxe room and also used the executive lounge. The hotel is very clean and welcoming. And the staff are brilliant we was checked in my Hiran Di he was very helpful and made is feel comfortable he helped out alot when we didn't know how to get someone. Would Defo stay again and will be back next year to stay again. Keep up the good work and we will see you stay year.  And I would Defo recommended to family and friends.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Staff - Shame about the building.,"I booked this hotel for myself and my husband as part of his birthday treat. Staying here for one night - we were glad that was all it was. I arrived first so i went to the hotel to check in prior to my husbands arrival. The first impression I got was a that although this is listed as Kensington it is not - its at Shepherd Bush! Ah well!  Second impression -- Front doors not working so have to enter via side door.  Oh No!!1 Meet the staff at reception - Very courteous and friendly - GOOD! Maybe this isn't as bad as other reviewers had stated ... but then ... heading to the room the hotel corridors had a terrible musty smell. When i entered the hotel room the smell was so bad that I had to open a window. The furniture is very tired, wall paper was peeling off the walls in the…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A nice time 😊,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights. I have to say I was a bit apprehensive about staying here as the hotel had received a lot of negative reviews lately  and phrases  like "" shabby""  , "" dirty"" and "" not a 4 star"" kept cropping up. However , I was pleasantly surprised.   Positives   Very good location - literally opposite Westfield shopping mall and Shepherd's bush station   Our room was a generous size and was spotless.   Large TV in the room with plenty of freeview channels  Powerful and HOT shower  Empty minibar - a bonus in my view so you can put your own snacks in  Very good lighting and plenty of mirrors / great for doing your makeup   Staff were friendly enough , actually made eye contact ( seemingly rare for London establishments)   Negatives  The bed is the…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hospitality,A lovely stay at Kensington with my family. Great service from the managers yiannis and gabrielle at the front desk and were really attentive to detail.   Comfortable and clean room with enough space.  Highly recommend,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable,We stayed at this hotel before and after a UK coach tour.  Room was comfortable and clean.  Located within walking distance of the Westfield shopping mall. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our included breakfasts were more than expected.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,another superb visit,stay here every year on our annual trip to london. hotel is always clean and confortable. had an issue with the air con and executive lounge but were promptly solved by the polite and helpful staff. great value for money,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible!!,"We stayed here for 5 nights. This was the worst hotel I’ve been at in a while. For beginners, the lobby and hallways stunk. There was what appeared to be old and unrepaired water damage on our floor. The room was tiny.  The staff was friendly and the location was good. Other than the black mold in our shower the room was clean. The shower was so small I sacked my head each Time I leaned down to get the shampoo. The entire bathroom becomes soaked with the shower on since the top of the curtain is mesh.  Money could be better spent somewhere Else. ",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Excellent hotel close to major shopping mall Westfield. Comfortable bed, staff very helpful especially when I had an issue with the room. Easy to walk to Kensington High Street, nice lounge bar. Competitive rate for central London ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,50th Birthday,Stayed here one night. Hotel reception could do with reviewing their customer service. Hotel bedrooms could also do with a refurbishment. Won’t be staying here again. Only good thing very close to Westfield Shopping Centre.,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, very welcoming.","Lady named Eleni served me and my friend Terry. We are happy with her hospitality. she was very kind to us both and we shall will be visiting again. Its the small things that count to make trips like this relaxed so thank you,",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for under/overground/buses,"Bit disappointed to learn we were in Shepherds as we had in mind we would be in Kensington high street or just off, but after a while we realised we were very suitably located.   Room clean, bed was a very small double - when two adults are used to a king.   Breakfast was the best, plenty of seating and choices of everything, lovely presented, plenty of stations so no waiting.   ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly and comfortable,"Our stay at the Hilton London Kensington was really nice. The Polish receptionist trainee was really helpful and friendly, I am sorry did not see his name tag properly. The room was tiny, but as we only used it for sleeping it was perfectly fine. However the place is old, in need of a refurbishment. On our last evening we had dinner in the bar. Everyone was really nice, especially Pedro, out waiter, who made sure we are well looked after. The salmon appetiser was incredibly, I can only recommend it. My stake was a bit too well done, but my mom's was nice and juicy. All in all we had a great stay.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor executive lounge ,Having been to this hotel several times the executive lounge on this occasion was a poor offering. No one Manning the reception to make sure extra guests weren’t sneaked in Toilet blocked and no one to report it to  No snacks in the morning  Not enough glasses in the evening resulting in a shortage of drinks  Very disappointed and considering the Hilton Canary Wharf after 15 years visiting this hotel ,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, comfortable but tired decor.","As most rooms seem to be in London, this room was small for two twin beds, but it was clean, the staff friendly and helpful. When we were delayed in getting into our room by an hour, they comped us a drink at the bar while waiting. The breakfast spread was the best of 7 hotels we stayed in for the tour. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK once we got right room,Booked to stay for 2 nights and in an executive room. When we checked in we were given a room number - I asked if it was an executive room and was told yes. On reaching the room we found it was very small - virtually no room to move around the bed no comfy chair etc. I went back down to reception and asked again - the receptionist looked very sheepish and apologised and gave me a key to a different room - this was a proper executive room. Were they busy and thought I wouldn’t notice?? As a gold member I didn’t expect that sort of service. Room was comfortable and suited us. The executive lounge was on the ground floor and packed wen we went in - there was no receptionist and people seemed to be bringing in lots of friends who `I believe were not staying in the hotel - no-one was…,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful!,"How a year can transform a place! Last summer I stayed here for one night, with my daughter. We had a medical emergency during the night, and the front desk staff could not have been better. They dealt with the paramedics for me, and in the morning, after spending all night in A&E, I came back exhausted. They got me a freshly made breakfast to my room, and made it clear that I could check out when I wished. So when coming to London on business-and alone - I booked a room here again. There is no service whatsoever. I had booked an Executive room, so fortunately I could escape the various groups of strange men hanging around in the lobby. Returning to the hotel in the evening, I wanted to eat. They have no restaurant as such, I just had to sit around in the shabby bar, being…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just Adequate,"We recently spent 2 nights at this hotel before joining a Trafalgar tour. Although the room was adequate it was small, and desperatly in need of refurbishment.  On a positive note the breakast buffet was excellent with loads of choices",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location hotel - safe, quiet and comfortable ","We were happy to stay six nights in Hilton Kensington. Comfortable bed, big TV, quiet room and 10 minute walk to Holland Park tube with convenience stores along the way or bus outside front door. Westfield shopping centre 10 minutes walk. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and service,"Great hotel and location as it is a few mins walk away from the Westfield shopping centre. Great transport links as some good bus routes on the main road, so really good for exploring central London. Service at the hotel was excelled as staff were really helpful and always willing to provide assistance. I requested for an upgrade a few days before my stay as we needed a bigger room due to the kids joining me on my business trip to London. The team emailed me back with preferences and booked me into a junior suite which was excellent.Will definitely book into the hotel again when visiting London.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay somewhere else!,"This hotel is plain awful, even for notoriously low London standards:  - bed highly uncomfortable, both my partner and I slept poorly and got backache for a few days afterwards - room VERY loud, you will hear anyone walking in the corridor or taking a shower in any other room around/above - general maintenance atrocious: holes in plinths, stains in carpets, ventilation in bathroom moldy (!!!), etc.  Come on guys, this is 1 star standard, we are light-years away from 4 stars. Pull yourselves together. For the record, I am a Hilton diamond member and spend approx 150 nights/year in hotels, it is highly unusual to see something that atrocious for hotels that category...  Guests: stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two nights luxury,Great hotel great staff start to finish everything was great the staff of course smile on their face 5 star service the minute I walked in my hand luggage was taken off me by the Porter very fast and Swift sign in. Luxury room comfortable bed,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,October stay,"Rooms are really small, shabby and only saving grace is the location. Hallways had wallpaper peeling off. Staff are fine. restaurant and bar area is nice and sociable. Love the location near Holland Park and Westfield etc.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Horrible stay,"This hotel was worth 4 stars maybe in the 70s. But in 2018, this is hardly worth 2 stars.   -All furnitures are old and outdated.  -the bed creaks at every small move you make. -the walls are so thin you can hear other customers on the throne, having sex with their partner(s), laughing and screaming all night long, as if they were just next to you. You cannot blame them, it’s normal. But you can blame the hotel for charging that amount of money for such a horrible experience. I sleep better in my car.   Only positive aspects are the close underground station of shepherds bush and the staff who is nice and professional.   If you expect to sleep during your stay, I highly recommend you to chose an other hotel.   Cheers,",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outdated and Uninformed Staff,-outdated rooms -horrible mattresses -disgusting carpets -Unaccomadating and uninformed staff When we asked them simple payment questions they were unaware and unwilling to resolve the problems. They treated us like we were a hassle. Worst Hilton I’ve ever stayed at by far. ,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A disappointment ,"I usually prefer to stay in Hilton chain hotels, but Hilton Kensington Holland Park was a disappointment. The carpets are tired and dirty; the nice staff at the front desk totally overworked and understaffed; the poor consierge — who also is extremely friendly — similarly overworked and alone to handle bus loads of tourists; incoming baggage storage; hailing of taxis and much more.   A nice touch is the free tea/coffee service at the back of the hotel lobby with such as cake, cookies and other provided.  The business center is in the lobby and so somewhat noisy, but it functions. The printer was broken down, so not feasible to print. Instead, I had to email my document to the front desk, so they could print. Never a good thing for confidential documents.   The heating in my room…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Not up to the usual Hilton standard. Struggled to find it in the dark from the tube station as the hotel website merely says it is a 5 minute walk but gives no directions which is unhelpful. The room was very tired and in need of an upgrade. Breakfast was luke warm and the eggs inedible. Things improved during the conference I attended and lunch for a large party was very good. I have stayed in many Hiltons and this is not up to the standard I have come to expect.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired old lady, needs a refurbishment","+/+hotel is near a tube station, nicely located. Breakfast was good.-/-Both rooms were cold (heating didnt work properly, smelled ""funny"". Double checked with the reception if they have refurbished rooms, but we were in the new rooms (!?). Certainly will not stay here next time: lady needs a renovation.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What a pity... the bathroom!,"This hotel is located in a very good position: less than 5 minutes from Sheperd's Bush (where you can find the ""tube"", the bicycles to hire, cabs and taxis, The Westfield mall...) and very close to Hyde Park. It's really all perfect except for the bathroom: old, very small, with a small bathtub and some ""imperfections""... for hotel of this levature!",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small and Dated ,"Pros: checked into my room as soon as I arrived, staff was very nice and helpful.   Cons: Hotel was dated and rooms were very small. I was asked if I wanted to upgrade my King room to 2 twins with Exec  lounge access. Room was definitely not an upgrade. I think they offer exec lounge access to fill the twin rooms and free up the Kings. ",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton Standard,"I am sorry to say that this hotel just doesn't meet the normal Hilton standards.  The whole hotel is in need of an update, or at the very least, a deep cleaning.   Carpet, wallpaper, upholstery all worn/dirty.  Mattress poor quality.    The room was a decent size, and while outdated, in slightly better condition than the common areas of the hotel.  It was nice to have a chair with side table in the room.    The best part of my stay was the hotel staff.  I found everyone to be friendly and helpful.  Other positives are walking distance to several markets and casual restaurants.  The tube station is also only about a 5 minute walk, so the location overall is very convenient.  Also close to a mall (although I did not go there).   My stay here wasn't terrible, just a little…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recommended,"Nice hotel in Kensington, close to the underground station and a shopping center. Good value for the price. Top breakfast, good service, comfortable rooms. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I am coming back for sure for my next visit to London.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dated Rooms but Overall Decent Stay,"Stayed for a couple of nights for a business trip.  First impression was very positive, staff attentive and professional.  I was given a generous sized room at a quiet floor, which gave me a very good night's sleep.   Also, vast choices were available for breakfast - they even had Chinese rice porridge (congee) when I visited!  I also really appreciated the location, ideal for walks in nearby gardens, non-chain shops and restaurants a short walk away or alternatively there is a cinema close to Shepherd's Bush tube station close to the hotel.  The only gripe is that rooms appeared to be a tad dated but considering the pros stated above, this certainly isn't a showstopper.  I'd certainly recommend this hotel to anyone considering staying in this area.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meh.  Rooms are barely ok. Rest of it not worth it a bit.,"Stayed because recent convention was held here.  This hotel needs a real reworking.  Man, where do I start?  OK, the carpets in the hallways are frayed, the walls have bumper marks from cleaners; the rooms have a shower that you better not want to turn around or bend over in; limited menus at best at coffee shop and restaurant, just not for me.  Not to have computer plugs in a room is a travesty.  Nor do they have multi-country plugs, only UK.  Lighting is insufficient to work.  Room is clean and pretty standard for a $25 a day room which this is not.  I wouldn't come back.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,Stayed here many times and rarely disappointed. Deluxe rooms are of decent size and well fitted out. Executive lounge is impressive. Buffet breakfast is well stocked and of good quality .The bar staff are helpful and friendly and the gym is more than adequate. Nearest tube is Shepherd’s Bush not Holland Park. Great shopping nearby at Westfield shopping mall.   ,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,ok,"we booked hilton London kensington because of the cheap Price, in comparison to some other Hotels. Room was tiny but clean, as well as the bathroom. room got cleaned every single day. check in and check out was late at nigth, but that was no Problem. staff was in General nice. there´s a bus Station next to the Hotel and the neighbourhood is also very nice.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,On a downward spiral,"I probably have done around 750 nights in this hotel so I do like it. However, it is starting they standards slip. All of the big positives we had as regular guests have disappeared. They don't seem to be able to hold onto staff. The result is that there are probably only 2 desk staff (Who are both brill) that know the regular guests. The Exec Lounge. Staff are excellent. However they no longer have someone on the desk checking if you are entitled to enter. End result is that people are taking advantage of bringing half a dozen people with them. You regularly cannot get a seat after 630. It also has a lot of children on occasion. Might be an idea to vary the food in the Exec lounge. Pizza ,spring rolls, chicken on a skewer...it's been the dame for 10 years. Speak with the…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful people great location. ,I have stayed here twice and have to say of all the Hilton properties I have ever stayed at the people here are the best. Incredibly helpful and bend over backwards to make you comfortable. Just an excellent place to stay. Thank you to the staff for a great experience. ,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good but could be better,Not long home from a business trip to London. Hotel was booked by my secretary so I didn't have a say in it. Hotel is a typical Hilton. Nothing extra to be honest. Wake up call not done even though I requested one on check in. Bedroom done the trick for sleeping. Wouldn't rush back,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazed a Hilton could be this bad,"Stayed in many Hilton hotels this is by far the worse both in terms in room quality, size and cleanliness.  I would not recommend staying here to anyone. The price is crazy based on a tiny box room even for central London ( ah wait it is not central London but a £30 Uber journey away) .. there are much better hotels in London and more central than this. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"Hilton Kensington is located between Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush, it is about an hour away from the airport on public transport and the fastest way of getting there from the airport is to take Heathrow Express to Paddington and then a taxi to the hotel. Westfield shopping centre is a mere 5 minute walk away and Notting Hill is a 20 minute walk up the road. Whilst the hotel is in need of a refresh, it is perfectly fine and well located for a tourist adventure in London. The room are small but nicely planned but could do with an update, however the major selling point of the hotel is the staff who are very attentive and service minded. The restaurant and bar are modern and well planned with plenty of options and should you want something else then there are several…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect,This hotel is great for accessing the area and all the amenities around the hotel. Great for transport and easily accessible. The hotel itself it great and the food is great and the staff are really friendly,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Theatre break Standard Room.,"Just one night at Hilton Kensington birthday theatre break. Too far away from Theatreland  really so shouldnt have booked it - long walk to centre so taxi £23  bus back 94 from Covent Garden area  15mins. Bed moved regularly as it was on wheels, room not spectacular or anything no different to prem/hol Inn rooms really. Stayed at Hilton Seaworld Orlando and bad experiences so Hilton probably on a downward spiral. Must admit tho Waldorf Astoria Manhattan ( Hilton ) fantastic. No problem really tho it was O.K for £138 Hilton name tag etc...",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Holland Park Hilton,"Excellent value for London hotels--5 minute walk from Shepherd's Bush tube, over ground and bus stations and 10 minute walk to Holland Park, 20 minutes to High Street Kensington. Rooms are a bit small, but prices generally quite reasonable.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,1 night stay,"My husband and I are staying at this hotel on 12/10/18 for 1 night in room 5080. Everything was ok until just now. At 9.30am (just now) on 13/10/18 I'm getting ready for Breakfast. My husband is still in the shower. I heard someone knocking on the door did not realise it was at my door. Then someone opened it, it was the housekeeper!! I was so mad. This never happened to me at any hotels I have been staying. This is really bad. Is it the hotel policy to have the housekeeper come and knock the door try to make up the room early in the morning?  Unbelievable!  ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a 3.5 Star Hilton,Needs more than a little refurbishment.  Photos on line do not match my memory of the place I stayed.  Limited bar menu for evenings and breakfast buffet kind of boring after the second day.  There was a pizza special the first night that disappeared thereafter (maybe because the chef looked like 12).,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Location,"Very close to the tube station and not far away from the city center.Breakfast was very good. Excellent front desk experience , a special thank to Giannis who was very helpfull   ,the staff was very friendly, polite and accommodating . The rooms were clean and good size.Thank you for the great stay !",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"3 nights October 2-5, 2018","pricy hotel so small not worth paying $230 per day. the only reason i stay here is the reunion gala night  will i stay here again on my next trip? NO, i can find cheaper 4 star hotel or better quality than this hotel. the only thing good here is just next to shepherds bust metro station and westfield mall.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Refurbishment urgently needed!,"First what i need to mention is that, considering central London hotel rates, in Hilton Kensington you get what you have paid for. 180£ per night gets you small room, with outdated facilities, with dirty look carpet (on which you don`t want to step with your bare foot), very bad towels (sometimes with the stains on them), smell in corridors, even in the reception, coins which i had left on the shelf were definitely taken (however member of the staff denied finding them, which is obvious). Overall, poor experience! with regards to the Reception staff, half of them were very friendly, professional and helpful another half absolutely lacked professionalism.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired Hotel,Desperately in need of a refurbishment that would make this place much sought after. Great location and a really welcoming team but the whole place is just so tired. 20 minutes by tube to the centre of London.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expensive!!,"Hotel was ok... room basic, stained carpet and cracks in the ceiling. But bed comfortable and bathroom clean. But went to the bar for a diet coke and it cost £4.25 for a 330ml bottle! Really!! Ridiculous! Same for the food prices in the restaurant! Totally not worth it!",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lower Your Expectations,"Stayed here for one night prior to joining a coach tour. Very small room that needed an update!  Had to pay for bottled water and only received one hour of free wifi. Safe was broken.  Pluses: had a mini fridge, iron and hair dryer, shower temperature and pressure very good, breakfast selection very good.  Location close to Shepherds Bush station and walking distance to Kensington Palace.  Because it’s a Hilton property expectations are high, if you are going to stay here, lower your expectations.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"The hotel is very well located and near shopping center, the tube and not far from Hyde park. However the room I was staying in was more like 3 stars at best. Small, old carpet, very bad shower    . As business man I want to have nice room with nice shower to have after long working day - and from Hilton I would expect much Lee. ",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A bit too expensive, but fine hotel","First of all, don't understand what the hate is all about. I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and these are my thoughts:  PRO - the breakfast is amazing (huge variety, plenty of seating and food seems good quality) -location is really good: a few steps away from Shepherd's Bush underground station and Westfield mall, area is safe and clean -staff: friendly and helpful -room size: don't throw any stones, but i actually found the size more than ok. It is true i was upgraded for a deluxe room, but their website states the same size for standard and deluxe (17 sq m). By London standard that is big...  CON: -the price: it is expensive, there is no way around it -the room look dated: the carpet was stained, the shower curtain rod was rusty (although the shower seems new and water…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very expensive for the size and quality of the room,"Despite the Hilton name, this is not the standard I would expect of a Hilton Hotel. For £231 per night, the room was very small and very drab in terms of decor and appearance. I wouldn’t stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay. Excellent team and near Holland Park,"The hotel is situated near Holland Park which is a great park for morning walks and enjoyable peaceful strolling. Hotel is right near the Holland Psrk tube station or Sheoherd""s bush and..near the Westfield mall. Rooms are comfortsble and clean and hotel team very friendly. The hotel concierge is very knowlegeable and supportive. We had a great stay.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK location for centre London,"it's well connected with Shepberds Bush and Holland Park tube. Just watch Central line around rush hour - pretty packed.  Mix of tourist and business people hotel. All as you would expect from Hilton - however, beware the rooms and beds are quite small - it is a big hotel in prime London real estate. Staff are great - especially check-in. Breakfast can be busy, pretty average.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Hotel staff were absolutely amazing and very helpful with suggestions.  From nearby restaurants to modes of transportation, they were very knowledgeable.  The room was well appointed and a nice size.  Also enjoyed the restaurant and bar areas very much.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The place to stay,"What a great place to stay, there is onsite parking you are close to everything you need restaurants shops ect, its clean you have plenty of space in your room and the staff are very welcoming and pleasant, 100% recommend",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Need a bit of work.,"This hotel is ideal for public transport, the room I was given was a little shabby and in need of a lick of paint. It was very small compared to other Hilton hotels.   The staff were friendly and helpful however and the food was superb.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel in need of refurbishment.,"Hilton Kensington is located across the road from Westfield shopping mall and Shepherd's Bush tube station. The hotel has some good points, but it has definitely seen better days. The standard of the rooms falls far short of what I would expect at a Hilton hotel. My room was small, rather old fashioned and tired. The bathroom was clean enough, but again old and tired. The shower head refused to locate properly in its mounting. Premier Inn rooms are better and more modern.  It's not all bad news. The staff are friendly and helpful, the wifi is excellent and the breakfast buffet is superb.   This is not a bad hotel, but it is long overdue a complete refurbishment to modern standards.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rip off,"My boyfriend bought us a weekend away for my birthday, I knew the hotel was not cheap, but we were took to our rooms and I felt gutted for the money he had paid for this weekend. The rooms were so small we could hardly move, I know for the location it would cost however for being a Hilton I didn’t expect this. The location was great however will not be back.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience at the Check Out Counter,"As a Hilton Honours Member I always look for Hiltons to stay in, and I have stayed at this hotel before. While decor is dated, it does not bother me because of its good tariffs, superior access to food and transport, and access to quiet parts of London for a nice morning run.    When checking out on September 27 2018 at around 330pm I was met by a young lady trainee. Normally I put my Amex down at the time of checkin so that they can block the tariff but pay at checkout with my debit card. This time, when I went to check out, this lady told me, as soon as I told her I am checking out, that ""My check out is done and and my card is charged"". I said I have not even seen the bill, and I expressed surprise that my payment had been processed. I said I did not even want to pay by that…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. At check in we actually arrived early, but they were happy to check and found a room that was ready. Rooms are good size, bathroom was lovely and modern. Location is also great. Conveniently located.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"World-friendly breakfast, poor housekeeping","A morning buffet that welcomes the world with pita, falafel, hummus, olives and tahini; hot congee with green onions; smoked fish, fried and scrambled eggs, cured meats and cheeses; cereals, oatmeal, yoghurt; assorted fruit, bread and juices, strong coffee: top breakfast onour tour of 5 hotels in London, Cardiff, Liverpool, Edinborough and York.  The downside:  On our first day of our U.K. tour, the drapery sheer in our room had what looked a remnant of someone’s big sneeze.  On our first day back from north of the country at the end of our tour, one of the 2 cups had old coffee dried at the bottom.   As I opened the door to leave the offending cup out, a cleaning staff happened to come out from the next room.  I handed it to her, told her we’d just arrived and this cup was left…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Grim,"This was my first time staying in a Hilton and I am very disappointed by this experience. As the pictures show, the room is in major need of upkeep/refurbishment. The room itself is small but the bathroom is tiny. This would be fine if it were in a better condition. The shower is cracked and marked all over the basin, the water itself would not heat up, although the tap water would. I am 5”9 and I could barely get under the shower head. The safe? Not very safe given that it has no interface. The plug socket next to the bed is damaged in that a plug cannot be fully pushed in. The decor overall is very stained and worn.  The positives are that the room was clean and the breakfast service was well stocked and varied. Very friendly staff also.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay one night at Hilton Kensington,"I stayed with few of my co worker at Hilton Kenstington. I arrived at 8pm and checked in served by friendly staff.  My room was quite big with queen bed and clean bed sheet.  This is my first visit to London,  i am from Indonesia.  I am happy stay at Hilton Kensington hotel.  The breakfast have variant International menu.   There is wi fi available,  gym,  and wheel chair access.   I recommended to stay at Hilton Kensington Hotel for business visit in London.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay,"Myself and a friend just spent a long weekend in London and booked to stay at this hotel for 3 nights. I had read the reviews beforehand so expected it to be a little dated as a building and possibly quite average. However, I think some of the reviews are slightly unfair. Whilst this is an older building, it still holds a lot of qualities and is extremely well turned out inside.   Every member of staff we dealt with, from the baggage hold to the breakfast staff, were very polite. Check-in was prompt and all amenities were available to us if required.  I did note a slightly musty smell when walking in the corridor to our room, but that was the only area. Our room was lovely, very tidy and clean. It could've done with a plug socket near to the beds but other than that, we had…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor stay and service,"Hotel is unkept. Hallways vacuumed down the middle of carpet, dirt along edges. . Door trim falling off in bathroom. Bathroom not big enough to turn around in. Can only imagine this is used primarily for tour travelers. Trafalgar, you should do much better.  Travel companion left checkbook in safe. Called hotel and they found it. Returned to hotel a week later at end of tour and they couldn’t find it!! Threatened to call the police and it magically turned up in 15 minutes. Some returning tour members had no rooms awaiting them.  Terrible.   ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My stay at Hilton Hotel Kensington,"I recently stayed at Hilton Hotel in the beginning of September 2018. Ive stayed at this hotel before years ago and from what i remembered i had a pleasant experience, however it seems to me now that the hotel has gone somewhat downhill. Upon my arrival, i greeted by the Guest Relations Manager and definitely didn't receive service with a smile. Didn't feel welcomed at all rather a cold and rushed manner was portrayed in my opinion. I was given a key that didn't work, from my pervious experience in working in hotels i know this can happen often however the problem occurred when a member of staff who saw that my key didn't work kindly told me and my partner that there is no need for us to go downstairs as he can radio reception and they will bring a new key up to us. He called…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quick Overnight Stay - very basic.,"There is a reason why this hotel typically has rooms for around £100 when the balance of the Hilton portfolio in London is at £250-450. It is because this is a very tired, under-invested and awkwardly located hotel. Staff are fine, and the basics OK. The rooms are tatty and the place needs a total overhaul. I used to stay here 10 years ago and I don’t think it has had a penny spent on it since. So you get what you pay for....it is cheaper, and less pleasant but if you are looking for a bed, a hot shower (admittedly in an awful bathroom) and a quick breakfast then this is Hilton’s budget offering. I am a Lifetime Diamond member and got ‘upgraded’ to a slightly bigger awful room....so there is no frills regardless of membership status.  If you are staying for longer, sharing the…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent public areas - room decor in need of refurbishment,Stopped over for one night. A short walk from Shepherd's Bush tube. Quick check-in with my Id verified.  Decor in my single room was rather dated and in need of refurbishment. The twin ethernet port outlet at the desk kinda gives one a feel for when the last refurb took place. Sliding door to bathroom jammed open and couldn't be closed.  Free Wi-Fi worked well enough but was a bit slow. You need to pay if you want a faster feed.  Location is good if you want to visit the Westfield shopping centre. Chose to eat there rather than in the hotel.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very underwhelming ,"You would think the Hilton brand in London wouldn’t have a hotel with cracked tiling in the bathroom and poor standard of room. I had a standard double booked for work conference. The conference facilities and restaurant were very good, saving this review to a 4 star. Staff friendly too. Room quality was poor though, small and not well decorated. Tiny shower! ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly employees, OK rooms, good location","Located not far from two tube stations and a bus stop, location is quite good. Rooms are not too spacious but they have almost everything one needs for a short stay. Every employee I encountered was very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not even a 1 star hotel,"Staff (especially GM) hopeless Rooms are disgusting and bathrooms have mould Put a my pregnant partner in a room with mould- advised hotel of this and no room move  No resolution to complaint  after stay, called hotel on numerous occasions and eventually got an email, after numerous emails back and forth was told that the reservation was valid and the full amount would be kept by the hotel even after photo evidence was sent. Do not stay here",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small tired rooms,"I stayed here for one night after staying at the Hilton Canary Wharf, the price was the same. The contrast was remarkable. The staff were friendly but not overly so.  My room on the 7th floor was ridiculously small and very tired with stained carpets and scruffed wallpaper. I think the hotel needs a total refurbishment and upgrade!  The Exec Lounge is good with very nice staff but the food on offer the Sunday night I stayed was very limited compared to the Hilton Canary Wharf.  The hotel is in a great location and I got an excellent nights sleep.   Probably recommended but could do better.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You Always Know What You Will Be Getting,"Stayed here many times over the years hence title ""You Always Know What You Will Be Getting"". Reception always friendly and helpful - no moans, no groans other than Aircon was very sluggish and slow and Fastest Possible WiFi should be included within accommodation charges these days as this is important especially for us on business 8/10",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for first time to London,"The staff in all departments- front desk, concierge, the dining, bar, every person I came in contact with, was wonderful. I travel quite a bit and look for consistency in Hilton properties. The beds were great and room was clean. All of these things will keep me going back to a hotel.  The property is a little worn, but in the meantime keep up the good work.  Everything can’t be new all the time. Tips- Westfield mall across the way with good shopping and the best fish and chips anywhere with Halibut at a bar.  Go to Notting hill on Saturdays- they have a long street market with stalls of all kinds of merchandise and any kind of food you want. I think it is 10:00-5:00 or so.  All types of transportation available and a concierge to help you out.  Summary- good food, great beds,…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Potential Missed,The staff is competent but the hotel is tired. It is need a a full renovation. The rooms are not a bad size but be careful to book a double or you will be sleeping on a very small bed.  The breakfast in the morning is well stocked and provides variety. It is located close to the tube so getting into London proper is quick. ,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton experience,"Stayed here recently with work and it was totally fine, but nothing more.   When I arrived for check-in, the receptionist had no record of my booking. Of course this isn’t her fault (my company had used the wrong surname), but she basically told me she couldn’t help and to come back when I had a reference number. Not the best welcome.  Once checked in, the room was OK but very dated and in need of some TLC. The carpet was very stained and the walls were covered in marks. The bathroom smelt musty and was lacking a hook to hang a towel/robe on. The room was also on the small side, but that’s pretty normal for London. My bed was comfy and I slept great, but I wouldn’t say it was a room I wanted to spend any time in.  On the plus side, breakfast was good and plentiful, with lots of…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,"We have used this hotel before as we like the location-walking distance to Holland Park and Kensington Palace gardens. Our suite this time was a disappointment, stained brown strips of carpet and a stained old sofa the only furniture other than a desk chair; strange because the bathroom was apparently fairly recently renovated and a good size,with a nice deep bathtub (though I suspect a bit too narrow for many American posteriors). Most disappointing was that on our last night when we went to the Executive Lounge for a nightcap it was jam-packed with a boisterous crowd (seemingly overspill from a wedding) including small children. If Hilton wants to sell the lounge as an extra benefit for certain rooms, access to it has to be limited accordingly.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good option if the price is right, but small rooms and old bathrooms","This hotel is fine, a good west London location within easy walking distance of Westfield and the Tube.  Buses also stop outside. We like this location a lot.  The rooms are quite small compared to many Hiltons and the bathrooms in particular are beginning to look a little dated. The beds are comfy, although getting old so they creak loudly when you turn over in the night. Staff and check-in here are efficient.   The prices here can get crazy and in my opinion are not worth it for a high rate, but anywhere around £120 - £140 is still a pretty good deal for this location. I am sure we will stay here again, as it often suits our needs, but it’s hard to get excited about.  Note - If you’re prepared to walk (about 5 - 10 minutes), parking at Westfield is significantly cheaper than…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2 stays prior  to tours,"Think i would try another hotel next stay. Was not overly impressed. understood very few of the staff. Decor old, rooms very tired. BREAKFAST was very good though. Travel breakfast u got when leaving early was disgusting plus the bottom fell out of the bag with damp fruit. No conplimentary water in room. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Flight attendant ,"I have been a guest at Hylton Olympia for 3+ seasons. At least once a week from April until October. It really has become a  home away from home. The Staff is phenomenal. One of my favorite employees is Remus. Last week I had just gotten notification that the tombstone, with text picture, had been placed for my Father. It was a maudlin moment that I will never forget. Remus knew me well enough from my recurring visits to immediately sense that I was not having a good day    That is a quality that does not have a price.  My frequency as a guest and his observation that I was not my ""usual"" self made the notification so much easier to handle. He was so professional in his approach. Are you ok? Is there anything I can do? What an asset to the Hylton brand. This is a rare…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice old hotel in kensington,This hotel is in a wonderful location a short walk from the shepherds bus underground and train station  The hotel is a little tired with decor needing modernising  The rooms were a reasonable size for London and comfortable  The staff were amazing and so very helpful  The breakfast was excellent as were the staff located there  The location is easy access to central London and a massive Westfield shopping centre with a large number of restaurants surrounding it is a 5 minute walk away  Even though it’s a little tired we would stay here again for sure,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"yet again, the hotel goes down and down","This hotel just goes down and down. The hotel is so tired. In the months since my last visit, one of the 4 lifts still isnt working. The carpets on the 2nd floor are so tired and more importantly lifting so it would be easy to trip. In my room (2085), the TV volume wouldn't work and 3 of the 4 bulbs for the main part of the room were broken when I arrived. The maintenance guy who came to my room to fix these was great - but these basic things just shouldn't happen. The bed was clearly old and just really uncomfortable. I can sleep anywhere but this bed even challenged me! I have been a Hilton Honours Diamond member for at least the last 10 years. The receptionist told me I had an upgraded room. Wow I would hate to see the original room they had me in! I have stayed here probably…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below expectations,"This hotel is looking tired and neglected. Our room had carpet stains, a fraying bathmat, mound in the shower and smelt of smoke.  One morning we woke to find an open bag of rubbish at our room door and used tissues littering the hallway. The room and in particular the bathroom were on the small side.  However, the positives are the hotel is situated withing easy walking distance to Westfield shopping precinct and the Hop Off Hop On Bus stops opposite the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old but new?,"Showing up at 10:00am, I was surprised that my room was ready! How was that even possible? The front desk had three clerks but I had the good fortune to walk up to Marisa. I have written often about how the front desk interaction can make or break a hotel experience. That being said, Marisa was far ahead of the ""make the first impression to the guest welcoming"" league! You will know her if you see a beautiful young lady speaking with just a touch of a Dutch accent. I particularly loved how she pronounced third as 'terd'.   This is an older Hilton property and there were some places in the room that showed age. But I stay in a lot of properties and I often look at wear and tear the same way I view the well worn cover of a good book. Wear not withstanding the room was very clean.…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location,It was nice and handy as it's very clean and modern rooms also very good location . U can eat around there as there is nice restaurants . It's not also to far from shopping centre where we went for some shopping,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,Tiny rooms. Bed not very comfortable with mattress springs creaking. Location is suitable. The property needs to be upgraded with the wall papers peeling off in quite a few locations. The bathroom doors are damaged by water seepage,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb staff!,I stayed just for one night and I will definitely come back! During my short I had the pleasure to meet Alejandro and Yannis in reception who made me feel like a real VIP! Then I met George in the executive lounge who was always smiling and helping! Room was nice but views could be better. Short but really pleasant stay!,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two weekend stays and no problems,"We stayed here on consecutive weekends as part of a Trafalgar tour. Checkin was seamless and on the first weekend our room was ready at 8 a after a flight from Singapore.  Rooms were big enough for two people, clean comfortable and a good sleep. There is a nice bar down in the foyer that serves bar food. Strangely the restaurant is closed in the evenings, nice and ample breakfast though. London Westfield shopping centre is a 10 minutes walk away near the Shepherds Bush subway station. A bit tight to park to load your luggage (we had a lot) but otherwise a very nice stay both times.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,"A slightly strange hotel with a real dated 1970s feel to it. Staff very friendly and professional - particularly good meet and greet on entrance. I had an Executive room - it was small, carpets were badly stained, as was furniture/desk. Bathroom was small and old. It was clean and comfortable enough although the lighting was not brilliant. The executive lounge on the ground floor was a ‘nice touch’ and provided decent snacks and drinks - again with friendly staff. The gym was very good (compared to most branded London hotels in this segment of the market) - weights room and a cardio room with decent equipment in both. Breakfast buffet was very good - cleary catering for Middle Eastern clients as range of food was impressive and broader than expected. The restaurant did not…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel and staff,"Really felt at home. Alejandro and Yiannis were super! I was happy to find out that they had given me a room upgrade which was fantastic towards my experience there! Thank you so much to all the staff. Breakfast, bar and all the people were really kind and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Visiting family,"Well people when you think of the Hilton , think again , I always thought the Hilton had to live up to a standard!  Well that’s not true. The first room we were offered was so dirty and carpets need replacing, I was offered another room slightly better, but small and well the carpet!! Staff were excellent and could not fault.  Only 2 stars from me , not the Hilton we all know . ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful and outdated,"This hotel is a disgrace to the Hilton brand, it looks and feels extremely out of date and the staff are rude and abrupt.  Even in the corridors the wallpaper is peeling off the wall, the carpet is stained and it looks like something you wouldn’t expect even in one of the U.K. budget hotel brands.  The rooms feel dirty and old, it hadn’t really been cleaned properly as there were hairs on the bed and even a dead insect. There was duct tape all over the fire alarm and someone had also stuffed toilet paper into the spy hole on the door, again, I’m not sure how the cleaners didn’t spot this and do their job properly. The bed was uncomfortable and creaky, the air con was extremely loud and didn’t seem to actually do anything. The soap in the bathroom had already been opened and…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great 4 Night stay,"Our first introduction to London was helped by this wonderful hotel. The room was great, not huge but big enough with friendly helpful staff. It was easy to get around everywhere with bus stops outside and the tube station at Shepherd’s Bush close by. We loved the location with iconic Royal Crescent across the street, Notting Hill not far on the bus and Shepherd’s Bush an easy stroll for meals and shopping and the experience. Highly recommend!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very convenient hotel for getting around London. The hop on hop off bus stops outside the hotel with a great ride to all the attractions London can offer. If you wish to go by Tube, the station is approximately 100m from the hotel.  The buffet breakfast is excellent quality to keep you going for the day. The reception staff are very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location Service ,Recently I traveled through Europe this was the best in all hotels I stayed  Location is one of the best for London easy access to transport either the tube or buses  Westfield is only a few minutes away by walking together with many restaurants to choose from Quick to depart to airport by taxi/uber transfer Staff are friendly as more than helpful  Great place to stay,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meh,Location is great but staff didnt seem to happy to serve me manners cost nothing and to the staff it seemed like i was asking to move mountains everything else was upto scratch tho cleanliness and value,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,Came over here for a weekend away and this hotel went above and beyond for us. The staff were very friendly and helpful they were able to tell us how to get to activities we wanted to do. The room was perfect and the bar in the main lobby served us great drinks. It is right beside the tube station too if you are looking to get to London centre it is so close to this hotel. ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing,Never felt more comfortable at a hotel before until now. 10/10 nicest decorated and staff all friendly and helpful will definitely be back in the future to stay again and hopefully explore more and get into the smaller places in london,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Less than average,"Before staying here I always had the idea that you could never go wrong with a Hilton hotel, well I can say that this one really changed my perspective. Honestly the reviews were quite worrying but I went ahead and booked as I had to stay in that area and they were no other hotels nearby. Should have gone with airbnb as most apartments had around the same price if not less. We stayed there for a total of 8 nights, the hotel is really old and worn out inside and out. Our room had multiple stains on the carpet of god knows what, the room smelled really stale all the time. Bathroom was not feel clean at all, there was actual mold growing on the wall of the bathtub. Our room was not cleaned the first day and when we called them the room attendant was very unprofessional, she was…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night stay at start & end of Trafalgar coach tour,Great west end location. Walking distance to Westfield shopping centre. Shopping and dining. Visited M&S store. Hotel room good and had everything we needed. Only suggestion would be to replace tub with walk in shower stall on next remodel. Breakfast one of best on our trip Four large elevators so no waiting In room WiFi good,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Bar service appalling. Disorganised, unprofessional and seriously in need of an update.","The staff have no idea of the area they are servicing. As a solo traveller, expect to be shunned. I witnessed a guest walk out for this very reason. I have deduced it's because the staff are aiming for tips from the larger groups. Ugh, a particularly unpleasant revelation.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good price for London but could use a renovation,"Stayed here before many years. Comfortable and good location. Great breakfast. Staff is excellent and helpful from front desk to concierge to room cleaning to restaurants.   Rooms are small but cozy. However this property is due for a renovation. Rooms are ageing. Beds and mattresses not the best. Iron and hangers and air conditioning are just fine. Call and get things brought up no problem.   Just rooms and beds and bathrooms can use a renovation. Shampoo carpets, paint doors, change mattresses.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's ok,"It's ok. Old decor. Nothing exceptional. I slipped and injured myself here and remember asking staff for an ice pack three times, and the staff had no ideas what an ice pack was. They brought a plastic bag the first time, they brought an ice bucket the second time, and didn't turn up the third. I gave up in the end! To Hilton staff that can comprehend, an ice pack is something you put on a bruise to help ease the swelling.  Compared with other Hilton hotels, this one needs updating and further staff training, it is mediocre at best.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton - Really?,"The Hilton brand is expected to reflect luxury, but this hotel - actually closer to Shepherds Bush than posh Kensington - falls woefully short. The double room my wife and I were assigned was virtually indistinguishable in size and furnishings from a standard 3-star. Only one bar of soap provided for both the wash basin and the shower. What was most frustrating however, was the complete absence of available plug points for charging electronic devices. I actually had to unplug the clock radio and use that single outlet for sequentially charging my iPhone, iPad and camera - an avoidable waste of time. Even the hair dryer had to be brought to this outlet. If this is their idea of 5-star accommodation, they need to go back to the drawing board. We stayed at the Danube Hilton in…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton I've stayed in,"Had a brilliant overnight stay here. Bit expensive, but you have to treat yourself occasionally? Staff were five star, food very good, bar drinks and table wine very expensive. I will bring in some cans from Sainsbury's next time lol. Good location, comfortable, quiet room, good night's sleep. Recommend, but bring lotza cash",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton Property,"The property and the service is delightful. The rooms need an upgrade in design,  not because they're shabby,  because they're ill conceived. But they are serviceable.Everything else is good and worthy of the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Half a Hilton ,"So I have been staying here for a month, and the hotel itself is fairly well run, the staff are friendly, and the food has always been very good.  However the hotel is extremely tired and in dyer need or renovation. Considering it’s the one the most expensive part of London this falls well short of the Hilton standard.   On my final week here I was in an executive room, which is slightly bigger than a standard double, including a Kingsize bed, dressing gowns, a clothes line. That’s about it (nothing special).  As you will see in the pictures, the tiles in the bathroom were all broken and actually moved, wallpaper coming off the walls, and generally everything is tired and in disrepair.   I did tell reception (about the tiles) and they did offer to move me. However I only had one…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoy your breakfast... not,"Stayed here as working in Westfield shopping centre. I had to be at work at 7am, so breakfast starting at 6:30 was ideal... well,  how wrong was I?! The queue for breakfast was ridiculous... during my 2 night stay I never managed to get in to eat.   The hotel is tired.   For a Hilton, it was pretty disappointing.   There are more basic hotels in the area who provide more comfort and service.  Pass.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Holland Park Avenue ,Nice location away from crowds near Holland Park/Notting Hill. Buses going to Piccadilly / Marble Arch / Victoria etc... Pleasant room for the proposed rate. Would recommend an excellent Italian coffee /snack place in Clarendon Road 5 minutes walk from the hotel where I enjoyed delicious breakfasts...,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Professional establishment,"Had an executive room that was no bigger than a normal room but at least was in ok condition. No minibar but there was a bath tub. Only had one charger with me but could use the TV to charge my other device through the USB port (requires that the TV is on though). Another positive thing was that you can open the window to let some fresh air in.   Staff were not overly friendly but seemed professional enough. Breakfast in the restaurant was good but average in the lounge. The bacon was probably heated in the oven instead of fried as it was quite dry. Try the sausages and fried eggs instead of the omelet and bacon! There was a nice selection of juices too, including grapefruit and cranberry.  The biggest minus is that the hotel is quite worn out (corridors, many rooms according to…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old Hotel,"Good morning, our accomodation at Hilton was pleasure, even if the bathroom wasn't so clean (there was a long black dyed hair in the bath when we arrived) and the floor was dirt (hair and dust). The bathroom door was broken (it didn't close). In general every thing was good, though the last day, when we gave the keys back, the receptionist asked us to pay for having taken something at the bar... I didn't understand that question, because we never went to the bar. The woman asked me my surname and my name and then, without any explanation, she said me that I could go... This is the only thing that disappointed me. I think that it would have been right give me an explanation and be treated more politely and kindly. The structure should be restructured, it's very very old. And it…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good price but a very tired hotel - come on Hilton spend some money!!,"My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for one night in August. As is the case usually, the Hilton staff were very helpful and friendly, the rooms and the hotel were clean and it is convenient for the tube, Westfield Shepards Bush and good restaurants. The standards of the decor and fixtures and fitting (especially in our “Deluxe” room -2052) were terrible and from a different millennium!! Not what you would expect in 2018 or the Hilton family hotels.   Not sure when the room last saw a lick of paint and some new furniture? The taps had been cleaned so many times the chrome had been worn away! The bathroom seemed to come from the late 80s early 90s.  The Breakfast was normal Hilton fare but not very warm, but there was a good wide choice. As a HHonors Diamond member we…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel in a very ""posh"" area.","We were booked in this hotel while on a tour of London and Paris and it was very, very nice. Great room and amenities and fitness center as well.It was also very close to the tube, so travel around London was pretty much a breeze. Excellent staff as well.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean Comfortable & Friendly,"Other reviewers have commented on the rooms being very small and this is true, though the two of us managed to find room for 2 large suitcases. We were only in the room to shower and sleep, so our main priority was a clean, well maintained room, a hot shower and a comfy bed, all of which the Hilton supplied. There is a bar and bistro in the foyer of the hotel and the service and food there is top notch, great friendly staff and a menu of excellent pub food. You can also pick up a good coffee there as well, and they open till late. The hotel is close to Portobello Road markets and Kensington Gardens & Palace. There is a Hop-On-Hop-Off bus stop directly across the road and a huge Westfield shopping centre is a short 10 minute walk from the from the hotel's front door. There are…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great staff , ok hotel !","Brief stop over here whilst in the city for work , excellent location for many amenities, very polite and professional staff , room was ok ( slightly on the small side ) ,however  clean and tidy ! Decent hotel but for the price you can find better in London i feel , Did the job for a one night stop over",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel room and executive lounge ever,"We booked an executive room which comes with executive lounge access for one night stay at the Hilton Kensington for my birthday for 14th - 15th August 2018.  At the time of booking, we spoke to the staff at the Hilton regarding my birthday, complimentary cake and drinks in the room and my daughter's nut allergy. The staff confirms that everything would be ok on the day. We rang staff on the 13th of August and everything was confirmed.  On arrival 14 August 2018 I was told that the room was ready. There was no birthday complimentary foodstuff in the room. I was shocked when I saw the 4-star executive room, it was dated and old looking, stains on the lampshade, carpets and lamp base rusty. The room was smelling of smoke although it was a non-smoking room. I was celebrating a…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Night stop ,Checked in around 4pm - had digital key - so went straight to room - room had been upgraded apparently to an exec but couldn’t tell and did have any exec lounge benefits.  WiFi worked well and was on second floor away from lift. No air con in room. Comfortable enough bed also.  Pleasant welcome to breakfast by Mohammed - quite busy but taken to take upon arrival. All standard fare but have some halal options available. Coffee machines to back of the wall.  Checked out easy enough and was my second stay at this unit.  Less than 5 minutes walk over the road to Shepherds Bush tube station. ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good not great hotel,The hotel is somewhat dated and a bit run down. Some of the rooms have very small showers and doors that a large person can barely fit through. Be sure to ask for a bathtub room. The breakfast was good with many features. The hotel lounge and restaurant are fair at best the food is basic and pricey for what you get. Location is good for public transportation and a nice mall but not to the City center and attractions.  The big save for this hotel is the staff. They are friendly and helpful and managed all of our requests beautifully.  We were here on a Trafalgar tour.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,a great experience in the luxury Hilton hotel. I am a regular here as i am always satisfied with the professional service and facilities. The rooms are always clean and the location is perfect based on surroundings,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff & Great Location ,"The purpose of our trip was attending Lords Cricket Ground, the hotel is very well situated for a short tube journey to the ground. On the subject of location, it’s really great! It’s a short walk to Notting Hill, Portobello Road, Holland Park, Shepard’s Bush and Kensington Palace & Gardens. We got to see so much and not have to travel all over the place, we highly recommend this hotel if you’re thinking of seeing all of the above. Hotel is very close to Shepard’s Bush tube and overground so trips to other areas is simple enough.  The thing that stood out most about the hotel were the staff, on reception we were greeted so positively with a big smile and that for me is worth so much and they couldn’t be more helpful. The same can be said for the staff throughout the hotel as…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent But Not Outstanding,"This is an excellent hotel in many ways, and I enjoyed my stay here, but some elements make it somewhat far from outstanding.  The location is excellent if West London is what you're looking for, within walkable distance to Kensington High Street, Shepherds Bush, Portobello Market, and Notting Hill, as well as being on the Central Line (for Oxford Street, the West End, the British Museum, etc.). Also, there are coaches for Oxford from right outside the hotel every 15 minutes. However, I wasn't a tourist, so this wasn't essential.  The room was clean and the bed comfortable, but the room was very small - average for a London hotel of the time it was built, but rather too crammed full of furniture that if it hadn't just be me, it would have been very uncomfortable. The bathroom…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Arranged as the first and last hotel on Trafalgar's Amazing Britian Tour. Convenient location to Underground, bus lines, shopping and restaurants. Local pubs within walking distance!  Great European breakfast, good service, staff very attentive.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very dated hotel ,Awful experience with AC. HOT room and 3 nights of little sleep and sweating.  Noisy street. Too busy breakfast buffet to enjoy. No brewed coffee. Finally just skipped breakfast. Concierge too busy to be helpful. Did enjoy the Caesar salad in the bar.  Would not recommend this hotel. ,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location ,"The location of the hotel is very central with excellent transportation links. It is also directly opposite to westfield shopping centre.   However, the hotel rooms are in need of major refurbishment.  The size of the rooms are smaller than the average room sizes of hotels in central london.   ",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolute Disgrace,"I booked this hotel for a four night stay with my wife. Due to a mix up with LastMinute they allocated us a Twin room: not the fault of the hotel, but they couldn't amend either on arrival.  The outside facade of the building is nice, but that's where the niceties stop. This hotel is filthy, outdated and a disgrace to the Hilton name and brand.  Our room was in terrible condition. There were stains to carpets, bedding and walls. Furniture was chipped and in very poor condition. The bathroom, as you can see by the images was in dire need of repair and rejuvenation. There was even, what looks like poorly cleaned blood, up the walls, and over the ceiling.  I would have complained, but on check-in we were assured the hotel was full, and no other rooms available to swap from our…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay after the theatre,"I stayed here with my Mum after a trip to the theatre for her birthday.   I have stayed in various Hilton hotels with varying experiences but overall I was very pleased with this one.  The hotel is large and welcoming and clean. Our twin room was a good size for London, nice and cool and quiet. Parts of the room were a little tired, ie marks on the doors and skirtings and grout in the bathroom being a little marked but the room was well appointed and very comfortable and we both slept really well.  Breakfast was very well organised and there was a phenomenal choice and all of it was extremely tasty. There was such a vast array that it was hard to decide what to have! I have never seen falafel and hummus available as a breakfast choice but it was great.   The one thing that…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One old hotel,Great location and top quality hilton hotel in london..  Everything was a quality even for a one night staying.. Thank you again for the quality service.  Note.. You can encounter some celebs here make sure you have enough battery in your phones lol !!,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Welcoming, functional hotel with gym","The London Kensington Hilton is located a short walk from Shepherds Bush tube and the Westfield shopping centre. It takes 20 minutes to get into Oxford Circus by tube putting the hotel within convenient reach of the West End.   Check in was quick and welcoming. The hotel is well tended, although the carpet in the corridor could do with a refresh. The room was clean and tidy. My only criticism is that it was very small.   The hotel has a gym in the basement and other facilities like a lobby bar, gift shop and restaurant.  ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good food, but run down rooms","Key did not work the second day. The reactivated key still did not work. The replacement key did work. The halls had loose wall paper. about 12 to 15 places from the elevator to our room. The shower was very small. When the doors were opened, the blocked the controls making it extremely difficult to turn on the water and adjust the temperature prior to getting in the shower. The breakfast was good as well as the dinner. ",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not worth the 4star price I paid,"Was quite disappointed with this hotel. The room was ok - small but enough for me but would be cramped with 2 people (standard double). Found a few issues - shower leaked behind toilet and sockets by desk were worn (caused plugs to slip out) and too close to desktop so was unable to use 1 charger.  In one hall near room, carpet was bulging nearly causing me to trip first time, and the wallpaper was peeling in 1 area. Had booked as a treat for myself for my stay but left disappointed. Had 2 nights interrupted sleep due to someone partying in next room on 1st night and then slamming doors hard several times at 2:55 am in morning waking other people in adjacent rooms - and finding the same people slamming the doors  sitting outside my room in underwear while drinking. Reported to…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So good I stayed and extra day,"Great welcome by staff, easy check-in and it got better from there. Room was comfortable, staff approachable and friendly. All queries answered speedily and to my satisfaction. A thoroughly enjoyable stay, I was tempted to extend my leisure another day, and am returning this week to enjoy the hotel and the beer festival in next door Olympia.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stunning hotel,"Absolutely love this hotel, stunning entrance and lovely rooms. Easy access to bus stops and subway for travel around London. The food is very good and breakfast is well worth making time for. Rooms are spacious and very clean as you would expect from a Hilton ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth the Executive Lounge,"This is one if my favourite hotels in London for both location and reasonable price. Staff on the front desk are also very helpful, although the concierge staff can be a bit brash at times, they seem to be constantly bust throughout the day.  5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush Underground which is a well connected station. I usually opt for an executive room mainly for the lounge access which is one of the better Hilton lounges I've used. Lounge staff are especially friendly and it has a good selection of happy hour drinks and snacks.  Corridors and some rooms could do with some upgrade but not too bad either, still my top choice of hotel when visiting London.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"The hotel stay was great in terms of the room and breakfast however I  made the mistake of sending my clothes to be laundered at the hotel. There was a tear in my top, my thermal top was streached and my pants was torn at the back pocket region. Made a mistake of not taking it out of the plastic as I  was getting ready for my Trafalgar tour to Scotland. Only saw it after coming back to Australia. A waste of £67.00.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"Stayed three nights. On 7th floor , quiet and good room. Aircon a bit noisy but you get used to it. Very clean room and bathroom. Double bed a bit narrow but it has its advantages... Just an advise to the hotel to save cost and environment; you do not need to replace the soap every day when the existing was still good enough... Kind and serviceminded staff, reception and doormen.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hideous rooms at a prestige hotel,"Hotel lobby area and bar is ok, however the rooms were not great! We had a blood stain on our sheets, which we did not discover till the morning, meaning we stayed in the bed all night with it. I did say this to the gentleman on the desk with the reply “we will look into it”  Loud loud banging consistently from 3am onwards so didn’t get a great night sleep anyway. Wasn’t sure if it was other guests, housekeeping or a rogue door on our floor.  For a room, when combined with parking, cost almost £200 for the night it was definitely not worth it and would have rather stayed in a budget hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's Okay.,The room is a little bit small and dated. Staff is friendly. Our room is on the 2nd close to the main road. But we slept well. We are Hilton diamond member. So we have lounge access. The lounge is a little bit small considering the size of the hotel. It could get very crowd and loud in peak time. The breakfast in the lounge is very good. I really don't have any complains. But I'm not sure I would stay here again. It's a pretty forgettable hotel.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2nd stay..Wonderful hotel staff,"Stayed there twice. The hotel is ideally located few mins from Westfield shopping centre. The reception team, the executive lounge, and the Conceirge team were all courteous and helpful. Will be staying there soon and look forward to a great 3rd stay there.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice hotel!,"We only stayed here for one night only. Our originally ordered hotel couldn’t let us stay because it wasn’t wheelchair accessible, in case of emergency. So we got transferred to this hotel, where we were welcomed late at night. We got help to arrange our room for our oldest son in wheelchair and also little brother who was only six weeks old. The staff was very friendly as well as the cleaning personnel! She was extraordinary <3 Nice breakfast as well. And they are very helpful with gluten free options! :) Would absolutely love to come here again! :)",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, just don't change your room","Stayed here in January.  Great hotel and very friendly, helpful staff, we did have an unfortunate experience whereby we changed our room after our first night and left our cases with the Concierge to move and our bags then went missing.  Not what you want to hear after returning from a show in the West End close to midnight.  Thankfully after an hour of looking in various rooms are bags were located and our room service bill from the night before was refunded in full, which was a nice gesture under the circumstances.  Great location for catching the tube to other parts of London.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Miserable dirty hotel ... regret ... regret ,"Sorry for the title of my post, but this hotel was somehow left in the 80’s, come on Hilton ... such a hotel in the heart of London ??? Old ... dirty ... it’s the 21st century for god sake ... to top it all my room was “executive room” with two “single” beds ...stains on carpet ... hair on the mirror... hair on the bathroom floor ... shame Hilton ... shame .. luckily  I’m there for one night  ... arrived at 8 pm checking out at 8:00 am ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don’t bother wasting your money,Checked in on Friday. Paid extra for a deluxe room and received a standard room.  When I asked at reception I was told my room would be upgraded the following day. Today when I’ve asked asked reception to change room as promised. The manager advised me that my room was given away. The manager on reception is such a rude lady with no customer service skills. A very aggressive lady with nil costumer service skills. Would never stay here again.  When I challenged the manager she told me she would call the police and kick me out.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really a Hilton ??,Such a disappointment. Really is not to Hilton standards except the friendly staff and breakfast buffet. hotel is shabby and look old with poor maintenance plus the double beds are so small !! great location though but the Hilton price tag just doesn't give you the usual Hilton standard ,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No complaints!,Three nights. Comfortable and clean. Well situated hotel closae to major shopping centre (Westfield) and two tube station and on bus route. Drinks are pricey but service is good. Have stayed here before and will again.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice,"Good place to stay, very helpful staff. I would recommend to friends and if next time we will have to come to this area we will book again. The hotel is clean and for my parents it is important when we are travelling.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two nights stay suited our needs,"We stayed two nights. Had breakfast included. The breakfast buffet was well stocked and is worth going after. The rooms and bathroom are on the smaller side but what do you expect (big city, Europe etc). The bed and linen were of good quality. My only negative comment would be that the bathrooms look and feel a bit run down. No issue about cleanliness to be clear, just used and tired. Overall would come back. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Incredible staff,"I stay at this hotel a lot!!! It’s very transient but the staff are exemplary Suman Poudel in particular is a real credit. He and his team provide both excellence, professionalism but most importantly that human touch.  Nothing is too much and it’s why I will continue to stay here. This is a huge, huge chain that provides personalisation all at the same time - simply proves that a people first and understanding of your customers is paramount.  Thanks for the service you provide!  Best - Nick ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great beds,"While i agree the bedrooms need an upgrade, i have to say how amazingly comfortable the beds are. I have a bad back so the ability to sleep at night is key. Stayed here almost by default with london hotels very busy and i was pleasantly surprised. Good reception, staff very friendly and helpful, breakfast excellent quality and huge choice. Staying a second time this month by choice, best complement i can give any hotel. See you tomorrow....",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,STAY AWAY FROM THE KENSINGTON HILTON IN LONDON IS A TRAP,"This is a very rundown property, not worth of having the Hilton name brand, the facility is really a trap, stay away from it, spend your money in another place !!!! The staff is courteous, but the facilities are far from what a Hilton is.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"We were upgraded to the executive room, which is a good size with nice amenities. The hotel is tired and probably in need of a good update, however its location (access to tube) and good price make it worthwhile",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dated,"The hotel, situated near the Shepherd’s Bush tube is convent for exploring this part of London.  On arrival I was given a warm welcome by reception staff and upgraded due to my Hilton loyalty. The price was not cheap but the room did not represent value for money. I found it to be very dated and on the small side. I really think the hotel would benefit from refurbishment.  I did eat in the bar on the second night. The food on offer was typical of a Hilton (sandwiches, burgers, pizza etc).service was great and food was ok. The service was quick and super friendly.  Breakfast in the main restaurant was not so great. We had a long wait and then the food was just ok.  Overall I think the staff are trying to do a great job trying to make up for the lack of investment but really they…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below expectations,"I have stayed at this hotel several times due to business commitments nearby. On this occasion I also had access to the 'executive lounge. I stayed for 5 nights and everyday I came back to my room curious to see what the cleaners had neglected to do or what had been overlooked. I was obliged to frequently call room service for towels, replacement of tea coffee etc and inevitably there was a problem reconnecting to the internet, every single day and frequently more than once a day. The executive lounge was also a massive disappointment. In line with all the cheaper hotels they have installed a 'hot drinks dispenser' in the lounge, which takes several minutes to produce one hot drink. There is only one machine and often guests are getting more than one drink at a time, which means…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible - Avoid,Bad experience ! A Hilton Hotel you are having a laugh! Having a Hilton card and stayed in many throughout my business life - very disappointed !! Check in was a nightmare - system down fair enough then to be queue jumped by a guest who took up two operators laughable! Terrible small room - tried to order room service at 19.39 no reply had to dress and go down to the bar ! Order taken then they telephoned our room to say it would take two hours for a pizza and beer ! It got worse from there - meal served and the. Kitchen phoned to say another hour ??? Anyway thank god for the nice assistant manager on check out bit sorry - I think I I will give up my Hilton card - your loss / I stay away once a week on business  Review - AVOID,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Stain to the Brand,"To be most blunt, the Hilton London Kensington is a stain on the Hilton brand.  The rooms are in a state of disrepair and full of mold/mildew resulting in peeling wallpaper and unhealthy spores emanating from the HVAC vents.  I was scheduled to spend six nights but had to check-out after one due to health concerns.  Despite being Hilton Gold, the staff was unable to find another room but confided that all rooms have these issues and they are acutely aware.    One really should question if Hilton can be trusted option if it continues to operate this disaster.  D-",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Room for improvement ,Due to system errors we were placed in a different room as our allocated one was not ready. We had a few issues with the room thereafter probably as we were not in the “system” however once reported to management they took decisive action and we were grateful for the corrective action. Not sure if we would go back again the next time we are in London as it is in a good location for the tube and Hyde part.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst room I’ve ever had,"I’ve been staying in this hotel many times.  This time, I was given the last room x043 at end of corridor with sun coming on the west.  As I stepped into the room, it smelled terrible and AC was off.  Wondering how long the room has been vacated.  Perhaps it’s a busy Sunday, all rooms were sold out. Things in the room were missing and I needed to call to bring them.  My rest time was reduced by simply waiting for their staff to bring me.  The housekeeping was not helpful at all.  If that’s London attitude, I don’t think so.  I think it’s Hilton attitude.  Been in a few Hilton in UK, unfortunately I came across similar attitude from housekeeping.  There’s no desk light for me to work at the desk, I’ll have to call for help.  The room is like a motel except the bed look clean.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,End of Europe Vacation,"Last leg of our vacation We arrived early to check in, fortunately our room was ready. The front desk agent Marisa was super friendly and attentive. We got upgraded for free to an executive room. This was my partner’s b-day celebration. The hotel is ok looking from the outside but very modern and warm from the inside. Our room was a good size with nice street view, very clean and comfortable with coffee maker and small refrigerator. Breakfast was excellent, lots of choices and plenty of foods,   coffee was excellent.  In a very busy morning rush the manager was able to great us and welcome up.  The staff at the executive lounge was very attentive and friendly. The concierge staff was super helpful giving directions to the busses and underground.  Hotel is in a great location,…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mediocrity in a good location,"Stayed here with my son in the beginning of June. 5 minute walk from the Shepherd's Bush station and the wonderful Westfield Shopping Mall, very convenient. Lots of decent restaurants nearby.   The room was spacious but very basic, worn out and smelled funny. Wall-to-wall carpets are something that all hotels should get rid of. During our stay we participated in an environmental campaign in which we chose not to have housekeeping at all and were granted a certain amount of Hilton Honors -points in return. An interesting experiment, apart from running out of toilet paper and toiletries in the second day!  There were 4 main elevators in the hotel, 2 of which didn't seem to be working at all during our stay. The gym was quite ok, I didn't go to the sauna nor to the steam room.  …",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel with spacious room,"We stayed this hotel for 1 night before traveling for business trip, the lobby looked like a 5* standard, room allocated was spacious, big, not renovated but considered acceptable. Toilet a bit old style if refurbishment can be done it will be great! The only not really good about this hotel is about the air conditioner , too old and the sounds was too loud through the whole night. Breakfast was hearty and great with different choices and selections .Location wise is great as it is just walk away from tube station and with the biggest Westfield  shoppingmall by walking distance ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and friendly staff,My initial 2 night stay turned into a 9 night stay after I became unwell during my recent holiday in the UK.  The staff were very helpful with extending my staff and ensuring I was comfortable after being discharged from the hospital. The breakfast buffet was excellent and my room was clean.  The hotel is conveniently located near the Shephard's Bush underground and locals shops (including Westfields).  It's only a 10 minute train ride to Piccadilly Circus (centre London).,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Inconsistent,"A decent hotel but it bounces between really good and not so good. I found the staff to be either extremely friendly and helpful, and then others to be disinterested and unhelpful. The lobby looks great, but the room and furniture was a little shabby to be honest. Stayed in worse, but was expecting a little better.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice and comfortable,Very nice and comfortable hotel. Nice service and restorant. Nice and confortable rooms. Very big. Rooms have everything you need in bussiness trip. I liked breakfasts. For different test. Not only english breakfast.,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This hotel review in failed on cleanliness and the very hot room tha failed to cook properly that prevented proper sleep,The hotel failed on cleanliness and the hotel room was improperly air conditioned and very very hot.   The lobby was dirty and the people sitting on the floor was not typical of any Hilton I have stayed in before. ,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great,Definitely not the best experience I have ever had but no complaints..... everything was okay and up to scratch..... Wouldnt deter people from visiting but won't be in a hurry back myself.... Was good in the end,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Nice hotel, nearby centralline. If you  want to go shopping, this is great but for all other activitis, its a bit offside. Preorderd roomservice was missed by the hotel and required a visit to The reception. Great service then 😁",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worn out,"I’m surprised that this place is rated 4 stars. The rooms are tiny, ours needed the stained carpet replaced 5 years ago, the bathroom would be a challenge for older people as there is a large step into the bath to have a shower. We found the buffet breakfast to be comprehensive and they will make you eggs to order the staff are friendly. Q, would o stay there again? A, No. ",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"The building is beautiful and well kept.  Breakfast has s nice selection.  Rooms seemed small, even by European standards, but very clean with nice amenities.  Staff are phenomenal .  Nice sitting areas.  Very close to V&A and Natural History Museum .",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Finsbury Park festival,"We went to London for a couple of nights to attend the Saturday in Finsbury Park. We chose this hotel from The Hilton chain, due to price & convenience and like all previous stays with the Hilton brand it did not let us down. The location is great, particularly as it stretches into Shepherd’s Bush/Hammersmith which are lively & fun areas in the summer sun.  We had a front facing room which we could hear the traffic during busy periods but you have to embrace the sounds of London. Our room was a little tired in places but this is a very, very busy hotel & we don’t sit in our room when in London. The staff are really friendly & check in was great, we used the express service to check out. Would we stay again? Definitely & I would recommend it to friends, especially with the great…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expensive for a rather naff room,The location is good - I'll give it that. The room was of cheap premier inn standard with a warped bathroom door and a fan that didn't work. Unluckily spent the night the night of a private school prom. Tried to sleep listening to rich kids sprawled on the pavement being sick - called down and the attitude was 'they are outside' as it was upon checkout. Ummm...they weren't 18?? Book this if it is cheap but the parking is expensive and it certainly is not a treat to stay here. I've had much better £45 rooms even in London.,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,In need of upgrades.,"As a diamond Hilton member who frequently travels, I was actually appalled by our room. On the final leg of our trip to France we stopped in London to visit with some friends. Our stay was two days. Those two days were awful. The room is quite tiny but having visited London before, I was aware of this,however I should not have dealt with having no air in our room. While I did say something to the front desk, it was shrugged off. Thankfully at night when we were in our room we could cool our room off by opening the window.  Very disappointed in the up keep of this hotel.  The staff for the most part was rather friendly.  The Executive Lounge did provide lovely food and drink, which is why I give my overall rating a 2 and not a 1. When not out and about wandering the city we were…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service great but some issues ,"Check in and out were above average service wise for a Hilton and I was happy. Room service was a different story as they didn’t answer the first couple of times I called, then had no steak and the burger was not as advertised and took in excess of the 50 minutes promised. Rooms need renovating too but were functional and comfortable. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Functional but in need of love,"I had a one night stay on business. The hotel is well located, with tube, London Overground and bus routes right on its doorstep.  The staff are efficient and friendly, however the corridors and rooms are in need of a refresh. In my room, the door to the ensuite had some pretty noticeable damage, including a dent from an impact. The shower door also looked in need of replacement and overall the place looked tired.  That said, the best comfortable and the room was quiet so I had a good night's sleep.  If the hotel was convenient for a future trip, I would consider staying but it wouldn't be a first choice otherwise. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Service 4, Rooms 2 -- decades since a freshening",Check in smooth with a gracious desk clerk.  Room assigned was on busy Holland Park Avenue in front of the bus stop for several buses.  When I entered the room I already heard the bus doors open and close.  The desk was gracious to move me to a room in the back that overlooked the HVAC.  But it was quiet.  The good - the staff was always pleasant and helpful.  Very good breakfast and very pleasant staff. The bad.  The rooms are decades without love.  Tired...mononucleosis exhausted tired.  Bring flip flops as you don't dare to walk on that carpeting.  The shower and its workings were an afterthought.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Welcome Respite in a Convenient Location,"Location.  Location.  Location.  The hotel is tucked away in a quiet area of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, yet conveniently located just steps between 2 underground stations.  The sprawling Westfield London is a 5 minute walk away.  Hyde Park and Kensington Palace are also a nice walk from the hotel.  Our room on the 5th floor was a bit snug than we're used to, but was quiet, clean, and bright.  The breakfast buffet was quite good and could be better with the addition of chilled beverages (juices and water were all at room temperature).  My interactions with the front desk staff were always pleasant.  They seemed genuinely happy.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappear I pad at the hotel  ,Stayed at this hotel for one night. Left my iPad and call back 5 minute after I left the hotel and no ones find it! So weird! Not really help full after for getting back  Weird people not good advertising   ,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced Poor Quality,"I am so dissappointed with this hotel. Poor quality, comparible to quality inn best western. Priced like fairnont beds as hard as rock. Not hilton quality. Resturant expect to pay 160.00 for hamburgers and poor service. The hotel is clean staff nice but this is a Rip Off!!",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff and good service,I stayed for two nights on business and had a very enjoyable stay.   The room was good and food in the bar was nice. My only frustration was the very poor wi-fi which stopped me working on a regular basis.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Make it right policy essential,"Good location. Great front desk staff.  Tired rooms on the lower floors, renovated rooms on the upper floors. Housekeeping variable.  The staff were quick to make it right. Breakfast was good, although on our departure it was late to open so we missed it versus missing our train and flight.  A little more managerial oversight would make it right the first time. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Professional service ,"I have to say if it weren’t for the professional and welcoming service of Shawn in front office/operations I would have probably not enjoyed my stay enough. The property is huge but is in need of a renovation. The hotel reception area, gym, sauna/steam are up to par but the rooms themselves are a bit disappointing. I supposed if you book a higher category room you might see improvement but for a basic category the room is underwhelming.   I am thankful to Shawn who saw to it that my needs were met as you could see his compassion and service expected from a Hilton brand/ 4 star hotel. If it weren’t for him I would not consider staying in this hotel in the future. At the end of the day it’s a welcoming staff that would give me incentive to return.   I am very happy that there is a…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly.,Friendly helpful staff. Excellent breakfast. Under renovation but not disruptive to guests. Modern clean rooms. Very central to attractions  and train station . Many good cafes and restaurants around the area. ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired old Hilton.,"We stayed here one Saturday prior to a concert at Wembley. Despite being Hhonors gold members, little if any effort was made to check us in early. We were upgraded to an executive room, it was poor. Worn furniture, with large scratches across the face and worktops of the units. Quite small too. The executive lounge was okey but the “afternoon tea” in the lounge consisted of some small squares of a nondescript cake, that was it. Breakfast the next morning was standard Hilton fare and there was a good selection. Overall a disappointing stay and wouldn’t stay again.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but lacks the professional hilton touch,"Been to this hotel for an overnight stay during our travels. Must say that overall we cannot complain but the overall product offered lacks the hilton touch. Hafa room on 7th floor, furniture dated, carpet stained, bathroom too small, door leading to bathroom ugly. Staff very helpful, especially when we were greeted upon check in and the porter who helped a lot in our luggage. Housekeeping very efficient too. I think its the management who needs to wake up and smell the coffee. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent facilities,"Excellent facilities, all staff very friendly, room service very good, laundry service was good. Breakfast the choices were excellent staff very good. The worst part is the booking service could do with upgrade.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"BIT OF A MIXTURE, SOME GOOD, SOME AWFUL","I've used this hotel quite a lot over the years and it's a bit strange now. A lot of money clearly spent on public areas, but rooms are looking dated and need upgrading. As a Diamond Honors member, use Exec Lounges a lot, and this is one of the dreariest in the world. Average offer, cheap wine, and, rather than help yourself, as in most lounges, two servers who have either had a bad day or need urgent training in how to serve your ""favoured"" guests - and how to smile a bit.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing staff, went out of their way to help at every turn!","From the kind front desk staff to the concierge to the restaurant staff, this hotel is full of people that understand not just customer service, but being kind to people in need. When my reservations at an Airbnb didn’t work out, our Uber driver dropped us at this hotel, certain they would find us a room. Every room was sold out, not just at Hilton brand hotels but in all of London. The front desk staff could have told me to have a good night and shown the door to my Mom and I, but they did just the opposite. They tried valiantly to find me a room online, so I decided I would get my mom settled at the restaurant, check my luggage with the concierge, and get on a computer too.  The concierge heard my story and picked up the phone, calling a colleague at a nearby hotel, and found…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay at the Hilton,"We stayed for 3 nights to visit London and explore the area. The hotel is located just perfect for it and you are within minutes in the City with the tube. For a Hilton we must say that it could do with an upgrade as it does show the years a bit. Our mattress was very tired and worn, a bit like the room itself.  After a sleepless night we complaint and then we found the true Hilton experience.  "" The staff ""  Haren on reception was absolutely brilliant and couldn't have done more for us. Thanks to him we enjoined our rest of the stay and had a great time. Please pass our thanks on to him again, he is a credit to the Hotel",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,cosy,"Stayed here as a couple in January, was well situated to get out and about and take in London at our own pace, room was super comfortable, lovely bathroom. The staff couldn't have been more friendly. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Solid Hilton with good access to travel and surrounding east and drinks. Rooms. Reasonable size for London, clean, tidy and worth a stay if this area suits. Usual Hilton facilities and comfort level. Worth using. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay at the Hilton London Kensington,"My sister and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay this hotel! The staff was congenial and helpful. The rooms though a bit dated were clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. Also, the hotel was in a great location - a few blocks from the Holland Park tube station and away from the hustle and bustle of central London.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"As ive come to expecting from Hilton brand over the last 10 years, exceptional service from staff. Hotel exec rooms have quality fit and finish. Exec lounge was busy but good selection. Location was great.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend treat ...,I took my good lady to London for her birthday as she loves the place... This was her first stay in a Hilton and we both loved it. The location was ideal for city centre shopping and dining and the hotel itself was as you would expect carrying the Hilton name. Another hotel and location that we will be using again. I totally recommend it for your city breaks ..,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Anniversary stay in London,"Good access by car for us just off the main route A40 into London.  Rooms a bit sad looking small and cramped banged my foot countless times on the bed due to tight access.  Not in my opinion a ""Hilton"" class hotel but that's how it goes nowadays.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a proper Restaurant,Very dated and basic hotel that lacks a restaurant that internal guests can eat in as a few tables in the hotel bar is not really good enough for a hotel of this size. The room were average and needed a bit of work on but breakfast was good for a buffet with lots of choice and the chef's happily make you something if you choose to order. Overall a average hotel that lacks any atmosphere due to its limited food choices. ,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mr Peter,"With the HILTON named attached, I was excited.  What a disappointment.  Rooms were very old & need of a makeover.  However, the breakfast was excellent & the bar facilities adequate.  Walking distance from Westfield Shopping Centre & plenty of cabs available.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My “go to” London Hotel,"A little out of the centre, but easily accessible by Tube - my “go to” hotel for work in London - lower prices than in the city and great staff!  Sometimes gets a bit busy with your groups, but they cope admirably ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel with an excellent breakfast,Great location near the huge Westfield mall and on easy to use city bus line and a hop on hop off bus stop. My only complaint was the doors were heavy and sometimes people would let them slam 😬 other than that is was a very nice hotel,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton near Westfield Shopping Area,"This is my first review of this Hilton Hotel despite having stayed many times in the past few years.  The hotel looks a little old-fashioned and could do with an update but is otherwise a great hotel.  The Reception area is large enough to take a great number of check-in/outs. The staff are friendly and helpful.  The lifts are to the far left of the Reception past the bar area, towards the restaurant & nearby to the Executive Lounge.  The rooms was a good size with a comfortable bed and great en-suite facilities.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms in need of renovation - definitely not 4 star,"I stayed here for one night on business.   On entering the hotel, the lobby was bright enough and staff were friendly.   It took me a while to even get into the room - slow lifts, then a very long walk down a corridor, to then find that the key card wasn't working... so I had to drag all my luggage back to the lifts and go back to the reception to get the key card replaced. Apparently the key cards are ""prone to not working"". Not what I needed after a long day.  On finally entering the room, I found that the decor was extremely tired. Paint was peeling off the woodwork, stains were on the carpets and walls. The bed was extremely uncomfortable. The shower was also poor - I wasn't able to adjust the showerhead settings, so it was just a trickle of water.  There was no…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst double tree,Do not stay roof floor dublex room Very bad sound isolation all noise on the roof inside your room top of your bed. No chance to rest or sleep.Very old furniture . Really way below Hilton standards. 1 small elevator for 6 floors :)  Only good thing is location of hotel But waste of money for this hotel No minibar also ,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to Convention venue and Westfield Mall,"The hotel was fine. Front desk staff extremely friendly and helpful. Other staff fine. This hotel is a little bit older but the rooms are fine. They were probably remodeled not too too long ago. Rooms are dark unless you have one that oversees the front/Park. But I found lighting a little dim in he bedroom area. The closet section has a nice light. Not huge room but, this is Europe. I stayed on after my work days and knew this hotel would cost me $$ to get anywhere else that I wanted to go that was closer to Westminster or that area. I prefer to stay somewhere more central, as a tourist. Taxis always easy to find here Overall fine Breakfast is overpriced for the quality. I ate once and then not again",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Oh Well,"We needed a room for 2 nights on short notice. We decided to use Hilton Honors points and selected this hotel.  The good-public area are well kept and spacious, the staff was very friendly and helpful and the offerings in the Executive Lounge were excellent.  The middle-the Executive room was small, but this is London. The bad-the room needs attention. Wood surfaces are scratched and stained, the ceiling in the bath is in bad shape and cabinet for clothes storage has broken shelves.  ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,This hotel was very nice and we were happy after we got our Hilton High Honors upgrade. The first room we were given was too tiny to even unpack our suitcases without bumping into each other. The breakfast buffet was very good with a large selection of items. The bar/restaurant seemed to be more for the younger crowd who seemed to go there for drinks after work. Short walk to the Westfield Mall which was huge and had a nice little supermarket in addition to all types of stores. I would stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel in a great location,"Booked this hotel using a last minute travel site on an overnight layover between Corsica and Canada. The lobby looks decent, the staff were friendly, and the hotel is perfectly situated in Kensington. My issue is that the rooms are in desperate need of an upgrade. The sink and bath tub do not drain properly, there was visible water damage around the tub, and a big stain on the carpet beside the bed. The elevators are also painfully slow. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,7 days at the Hilton Kensington,The start of our trip to Europe commencd with 7 nights at the Hilton Kensington. This was both good and bad. The room we received had a hard mattress and our pillows were flat and hard also. The decor needs a good paint and bathroom needs a total overhaul. This hotel and rooms are not dirty but are in desparate need of a new paint and uplift. The location itself is excellent and staff most pleasant. On our last night the fire alarm went off at 1.30am and as such we plodded down the stairs to a driveway where we waited 20 min until someone would tell us what was happening. This did not occur and people were every where. All that happened was people started filtering back inside to their rooms with no one from the hotel every explaining what happened or where or what we needed to…,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst hotel,"Staying in, the room is dim.  Normally hotel rooms comes with standing lamp but was ""missing"", aircon fan blower is nosy, toilet have no toiletries except soap, Chair was dirty, sitting on it get me that itchy feeling.  no in-room slipper, lift security not working (i don't need the room card to gain access to the level, although the lift has a signage say is needed).",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disapointing,"Stayed a week ago for one night. Phone in room didn’t work, alarm clock went off multiple times through the night and no one cared. Worst of all we paid on Monday for our stay so it went out into payment pending, on Tuesday another full charge completed out of the account and now we are on saturday and the other charge is still pending so we are £520 down on a £260  visit, apparently at some point in the next weeks (so two after we stayed) we will get the charge back.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2 days stay,"All in all an average hotel that provides basic accommodation for a reasonable price (by London's standatds). The rooms are dated and by the second night the facilities started to show cracks - broken plug sockets, using the hairdryer makes the Tele and lights flicker and the shower screen allows water to flood the small bathroom floor and into the old style bedroom carpet. Breakfast was standard and staff reasonably friendly. All good for a nights stay and a bed. Certainly not luxury! ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location in London,"It was an OK room, buffet breakfast was extensive and varied.  Best thing about this hotel is the proximity to the Shepherd's Bush tube station, a large shopping mall, and walking distance to Kensington Palace.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a lot of natural light in the rooms ,"I booked to stay here for 4 nights while away with work. The room was clean and tidy, however it was extremely lacking in natural light. While this wouldn’t have been a problem for just one night, it was rather glooming on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th night of feeling a little like your sleeping in a cupboard.   I would stay again, but I’d ask for a lighter room. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,AP & M EUROPE MRO 2018 CONVENTION OLYMPIA HEIGHTS,Worst hilton i have ever stayed in 1. discusting rugs and smelly 2. bathtub so high up almost need a ladder to climb in sings of decay. 3. hard bed 4. pillows old th feathers stab your body 5. no oxygen i. The rooms. So small and bad bad bad ac 6. noisy rooms 7.roof leaks 8.stinky odor from bathrooms 9.extremly salty breakfast mushrooms bacon tomatoes 10. Could not sleep in the humid. Hot air 11.changed roon twice 12. I feel robbed 13. Front desk old and careless ,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"All a bit faded, definitely not worth the money.","Stayed for one night - the breakfast was extra (£15 each) and was good, the double (not kingsize) bed was very comfy and it is in a nice area of the city. However, the room itself was very small and worn out, the door to the bathroom did not have a lock and was basically a sliding piece of wood that someone had painted poorly. The shower cubicle door rattled as if it was about to fall off and some of  the tiles were cracked. It was certainly not what I would expect based on the amount that I paid for the room and I would not stay here again. I think that there must be much nicer boutique hotels at this price which have MUCH nicer rooms!",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,V good,"Stayed here on a recent trip to London. No issues whatsoever - quick check in, nice room with a comfy bed. No concerns in terms of noise and the room was clean. Close to tube station and reasonably priced. Would definitely stay again when visiting that area.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean and pleasent,"Stayed here for one night while away with work Its really close to westfield shopping center and Shepard's bus tube stop, about 5 minute walk.  The stay are very helpful and friendly. Check in was very easy.  The rooms are clean but a bot small compared to others but as a solo traveler this didn't really both me. The bedding is lovely.  Breakfast was a very good selection especially for vegetarians.  Downside for me was that i couldn't have a takeaway delivered to my room, I had to go don to reception to collect it. The hotel is massive so took ten minutes to get there then i had to wait in a ten minute queue to collect it then another ten minutes to my room so was rather cold!  But i would recommend it and stay here again!",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton with expensive parking,"Rooms are small and had a peculiar small when you walk in. Walls are paper thin and the bath room is starting to show signs of decay. The nasty surprise of £35.00 per night for car parking. Hotel staff quick to displace the blame that the car park is nothing to do with them, and weren’t helpful enough to suggest alternatives. Hands down the worst Hilton I’ve ever stayed in.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good room, Exec lounge leaves a lot to be desired","My partner and I stayed for two nights over the May bank holiday and found the hotels location great. The room was clean and tidy although the bathroom could do with an upgrade. We paid to obtain access to the Executive lounge daily as an upgrade fee and I was very disappointed. The lounge is not big enough to cater for the number of guests using it and staff presence on entering to control seat allocation is non existent, this would be so helpful as there was often two guests occupying a seat for four people leaving others with nowhere to sit, tables where also not cleared when guests left the lounge quickly enough. Breakfast however was better and the service more efficient. Check in and out was quick and hassle free and the front desk staff extremely efficient and personable. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mediocre at best,Great location and very friendly staff in Exec lounge.  However this is not a 5 Star Hotel if advertising as such and is in need of a makeover.  Our junior suite was spacious but very dreary with a tiny bathroom and a shower that didn’t work properly. As I am 6 foot 1 I found the shower and bath inadequate at best and the bathroom like a cupboard. The carpets were stained and dirty and some of the furnishings past their best chipped or broken.  You could make a big open plan room and luxury bathroom out of this space Yesterday our beds were made but no toiletries left or clean cups Last week I stayed in the Liverpool airport Hampton by Hilton whose rooms are just as nice The food in the exec lounge and facilities are ok made better by the lovely staff. We ordered room service…,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Three Day Stay,"The staff were very helpful, rooms were clean, WiFi very good and the breakfast was excellent but the hallways and rooms, especially the bathrooms are in need of a refresh.  The hotel we stayed in earlier on our trip was less expensive and newer.  We moved for the  location but we were not as close the Kensington Palace, the museums and High Street shops as we thought so we did a lot of walking. Last day we found we were very close to major tube & bus terminal which could easily be used to get anywhere in the city.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Old in need of Refurb, NOT Hilton Standard","Tiny and I mean tiny room, little hot water in shower, creaking bed, carpet worn out, Really not a Hilton Hotel. Only good thing was staff at reception, very nice and helpful.  Overall a tired hotel and in need of major refurb.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not til Hilton standards,"No cold air in the AC and no hot water in the shower. Not my kind of hotel  I might have been unlucky with my room, and considering the location and price it is not the worst option in London. But as others have written, this hotel is in need of refurbishment",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very old hotel with lots of problems,After one day only one elevator was working - it took forever to get down from the top floor.  The air conditioning in room never worked - we were given 2 small fans.  There was a plumbing problem that caused the entire 7th floor to smell like death during our entire stay.,Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old Dirty Tiny beds and Tiny Room Overcharged 2 stars Hotel!,"We paid 250 Pounds per night for an executive room 2 twin beds with executive lounge service. This Hotel is totally worn out, carpets and walls filthy, bathroom were not clean properly, our bed linens has never been changed in the 4 nights we stayed.  Executive lounge were being serviced with different European trainees and 1 regular staff, they were all nice but the trainees cannot even handle our egg order. No admin staff at the lounge to help us, they were short of staff we were told so we have to go through their concierge with one staff working there, he has to handle phone calls as well as the long queuing line at all times. The lounge is suppose to open 24 hours but they ran out of hot water and we were told to walk out to the bar to get hot water ourselves.  Will not…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,crappy for the price,"for 300€ a night, the hotel was old, the room was old and crappy. Toilet was so used it look dirty. Light in the room was really dim. Really not welcoming, not comfortable and would not come back. One expects a well known hotel company to ensure mínimum quality of instalations but this is not the case.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Renovations urgently needed,"I stayed at this hotel last in 2011 and was therefore looking forward for the revisit in 2018. The hotel simply looks tired and dated having lost its charisma through natural wear & tear. While the rooms are still decent, they are not to the standards of a savvy business traveller. Tiny squeezed bathrooms, very old decor and furniture spoil the room experience. However the hotel is still in reasonable condition and good for short stays. The lobby carpet though new is horrendous and I wonder why they choose such a carpet in this modern age.  Breakfast was as good as it was in 2011. Large selection and excellent food. Here you will be spoilt for choice. Then of course the Westfield Mall and train station are a mere 5mins walk. All in all, the hotel is in a good location for…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,amazing (not) customer service,"I arrived at the Hilton Kensington - I am a Hilton Diamond member - and checked in. They didnt warn me that 3 of the 4 lifts arent working. So I waited 5 mins to get to my room, then I called the Hilton help line. They explained that there was a member of staff standing at the lifts explaining the situation to customers. I explained there wasnt any member of staff there. I then got a call from the duty manager. He explained that it was ok because the staff lift was working well. I said ""that is great so at least the staff are fine"". He agreed. Terrible. He said there was nothing he could do about 3 of the 4 guest lifts being out of order. Shocking. I doubt it is safe but in any case, he didnt seem to care.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Feel cheated,"I booked two nights for a business trip at a decent rate, I called up in advance to find out the price to extend for an extra night to be told they had no rooms left, just suites at £340 per night (which was more than 2x the previous rate I had). So, I booked a different hotel on booking.com which was non refundable. A colleague of mine asked to extend his stay for an extra night the day before to be offered the same rate as previously. Is also got offered the same rate. Very annoyed that I will now have to pack up and travel across London to go to a new hotel when Double Tree decided they would give me the same rate last minute. Does not seem fair at all. ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outdated ,"Stayed for a Saturday night in London. Staff are good but accommodation is dated and tired looking. We had to change rooms on arrival as the first room had terribly stained carpet, hair in the bathroom and the TV had no sound whatsoever. We were upgraded which was nice but still If you’re over 6ft forget standing up on the shower as the ceilings are very low. Not up to the usual Hilton standard at all.  There was always a large queue for the lift, one out of order and the rest apparently being serviced- in fact we got stuck in one lift on the way up to the room with 2 other guests. Not ideal. We walked up the 7 flights of stairs in the end.  Air con is non existent in the rooms, you’d be better off asking for a fan. Ice machine was out of order too. On the plus side breakfast…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Stay,"Choose this property on a recommendation and wasn’t disappointed at the choice.   Great staff, helpful and very accommodating.  Checkin was smooth and so was checkout.  Breakfast was more than enough to tank me up for the day of work and sightseeing.  WiFi was spot on and worked most everywhere.   Room was clean and pretty quiet.  The Air conditioner didn’t work as well as I’d would have liked it, however it could stay on constant fan, so that’s a plus.   Dinner and drinks were tasty and cold.  Menu was rather limited, however the meal came out pretty quick.   The Executive lounge was good, fills up fast so be mindful of that.   Fitness room is way to small for the size property.  With more and more people working out on both working trips and holidays, that needs addressing.  …",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,. Great Location,"Hotel Kensington is in a great location 5-7 walk to buses Undergorund, mall, restaurants. Welcoming, knowledgeable  and efficient staff. Be  prepared for smaller rooms and twin beds one is not in the USA. great fitness room, an extra plus steam and sauna both are co-ed so not be shocked.   ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Back home sweet hotel,I am always staying at this lovely hotel .The supporting staff  are very helpful . The room is clean and tidy. The food at the executive lounge is excellent .The location of the hotel is superb. I am so loyal to this nice hotel ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff!,"I arrived in Heathrow at 6am and in the hotel at 7am, quite early for check-in however, the supervisor Emily i think is her name went out of her way to accommodate me so I can sleep, then in the afternoon when I woke up, she informed me that the room that I booked for is ready and they moved me. The gesture she did was exceptional and greatly appreciated! I do travel from time to time to London and will definitely stay at this property again. By the way Lopito I think is the bellman was very nice and very informative of the area as well!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant area to stay ,"Room was a good size, clean and well maintained.  The area is fantastic to get to the huge Westfield, subway and buses.  Taxis are outside.  Can walk easily to Notting Hill and Portobello Road where there is a huge market. Hop on Hop off bus goes from across the road.  We had executive lounge access where we ate breakfast, was a fantastic choice of food and nice to sit somewhere quiet.  We ate in the restaurant and had lovely meals each time.  Staff were incredibly helpful each time we asked for something.  Concierge booked us day trips a couple of times and all went well.  This is a great place to stay and we wouldn’t hesitate staying again next time in London.  Thanks Hilton! ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, rooms rather small","Central location close to lovely Holland Park and Notting Hill. Well connected with central line. Rooms rather small, could use some renovation. Good regarding value for money though. Lounge was a bit crowded.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rm,Perfect location  for all subway(tube)across steet it can get anywhere  in central london within 10 15 min.Westfield mall literally  across the street this is the biggest mall i have seen outside  mall of americas .best place to have a oint cheap eats is weatherspoon also call central bar  1.99  for a pint and 4.99 for wings burger etc.again hotel location  is the best .catch uber from  heathrow 29 to 35 pounds depends on time very reasonable. I took a taxi it was a 100  crazy!to hotel .if my daughter and i didnt overpack the tube is so easy omg just ask attendants  its also fun. The hotel is a bit dated very small rooms but very managble the staff over the top with helping u i would stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,first impressions are lasting!,"My initial contact with the porter at the hotel was one of unhappiness. He seemed so fedup and disinterested. upon entering the hotel it seemed dark and dated. The reception staff were the only ones who were positive and inviting. We received our bags late and the porter did not even smile or greet..left in a huff without showing us how the amenities worked. we called reception to get assistance with aircon/heater ..was told an engineer would be up to assist, an hour later to no avail. we then asked for blankets and were sent  blankets that were damp and smelly and felt as stiff as cardboard.Overall the location of hotel is good, near undergroun station and walking distance to a huge shopping centre.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Odd interpretation of Gold benefits,"Before arrival I received an email confirming my digital key and Gold member benefits. Sadly, that meant nothing and despite the email I was denied access to the executive lounge. I don't think it is acceptable for Hilton hotels to make up their own rules. Anyway, then we get to the room - don't arrive in hours of darkness. I used the obvious answer of hitting the light switches when you enter the room - only the bathroom lite up. Using a torch from my phone I then had to try and find out how to turn the lights on - answer is in trying to locate the right switch below each individual light - crazy.   Okay, lights on, let's have a shower. Great shower but lousy design resulted in floor and carpet soaked.   On the plus side the breakfast choice was great, although asking for…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely time,Valentine’s Day present was a complete hit for me an my partner staying at this lovely hotel toy couldn’t have had a better time in London room was beautiful had an amazing night out in the city an for a 1st trip it was great would recommend this place to any of my friends,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay,The room is small and dated. I left £50 in my room and I called the hotel so they could return the money to me. The staff were difficult and not helpful. They said they would call me back but they didn't.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Disappointed - poor value. Jay, supervisor, was not helpful","Was disappointed with this hotel, given the price. Room was small and air conditioning did not seem to warm room very much. Checked out Sunday evening (one night early). No refund - which was OK but I had a friend join me for breakfast on Saturday morning and was charged extra for this. Jay would not credit me for the breakfast I was not going to eat tomorrow. In fact I paid for 4 breakfasts. Ate one myself and one for my friend. Jay explained that it was a package price and he could not cancel the breakfast already charged as extra. Really, Jay ???? Will find another hotel next time.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Europe holiday ,We spent 3 nights at this Hilton hotel mid-April. It was great weather but the hotel didn’t have their air conditioners running. We could not open our windows either as they were screwed shut. It was so hot in our room that we could not dress until we were leaving our room as we were sweating so badly in our room. They said they’d give us a fan but then they ran out. They let us look two other rooms but they were just as bad. Location was great. Staff was pretty good too. Just so disappointed how hot we were. ,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"On the very first day, I was very impressed with your staffers at the Reception. I should, in this regard, like to commend Mr. George and Ms. Barbora on their unexampled professionalism, singular considerateness, and remarkable thoughtfulness. Please convey our sincerest thanks to them. ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,booking with BarrheadTravel,"we booked a fantastic trip to Canada in 2017with Barrhead Travel, who we have travelled with several times When we came back they sent us a voucher for £75 off our next holiday booked with them as a thank you for our continued custom I started to book another cruise in 2018 and when the operator had finished giving me all the prices etc I told her that I had the voucher she told me that this money had to be taken off the on-board-spend in other words they had given us nothing I wrote to the and complained and didn't even receive a reply.  needless to say I booked the holiday with a different operator ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice atmosphere,"We stayed couple of days in this hotel. All the staff friendly, very helpful and always smiling. The hotel was spotless. All areas really clean and tidy. Nice location in the center. Definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed for one night in a twin room on a Saturday. Despite including access to the Executive Lounge, the room rate was more than I was initially hoping to pay for essentially just a bed for the night, as we were literally only there to sleep, but it fully met our needs. The room was functional & clean. The bed was a little firm for my liking but that’s possibly just me. The location is excellent - just 5 mins walk from Shepherds Bush Underground Station & less than 10 mins to Notting Hill/Portobello Market on a bus from outside the hotel. Easy to reach Kensington & the Royal Albert Hall. You can also catch a bus direct to Victoria. It’s a safe & very pleasant area to walk around. For those who love shopping the Westfield Shopping Centre is next to Shepherds Bush Station.…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall good ,Stay was good reception staffs were so cortius loved to be here definitely will be back again to this hotel. Located in the heart of the city all just perfect about my stay not a single complaint I had ,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Stayed here a few times and always enjoyed it. It’s a bit out of town but Shepherds Bush tube 10 mins walk away. Plenty of shops and Westfield shopping nearby. Had a great stay as was upgraded to an Exec room which meant the Great Exec lounge. Other Exec lounges in the chain just offer lager and wine but this one has spirits as well. Staff very friendly, room has all you could need. Wi-if not great but apart from that would recommend and will stay again. Great breakfast too.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don’t bother ,"I can honestly say this is the worst Hilton I have ever stayed in from the moment I walked into the hotel everything looked old so you can imagine there was no surprise when I walked into my upgraded room old smelly stained carpet chipped furniture the list goes on and on but to top it all I was in the executive lounge on the ground floor With a coffee machine with no coffee in it , no food no snacks this was at 4 PM as I sat there on my laptop I was watching the lady on front desk put in the glasses out ready for the evening reception picking them up 4 x 4 with a fingers in each one of the glasses obviously I never bother going down for the evening reception I cannot see why this carries the Hilton name it is far from Hilton more like a cheap motel .",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bag thefts happening in public areas!,"On 2nd day in hotel, sat in hotel lobby bar for 30mins in afternoon - handbag was STOLEN from under my feet!! Reported to staff, I was told CCTV not working during 3-5pm period, they were helpful in contacting police & completed their own report. Not a lot they can do otherwise apparently. Guest Relations Manager sent card with £20 to room later in day to cover loss of Oyster card. Kind gesture, they didn't have to do that.  However, imagine my alarm at breakfast the next morning when a lady at the table next to us (around a pillar) announced her bag was STOLEN! Guess what - CCTV not working! Apparently server down & new one on order - given that 2 reported bag thefts occurred in less than 24 hours, I'm guessing that's a known fact! My husband & I had noticed a man acting…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great London !!,"Very efficient and helpful staff ! Very good location esp if you will be taking hop on hop off tour, bus stops in front of the hotel! . Close to eating spots and sights to see. Good neighborhood! Clean and comfortable accvomodation. Good price for the service and accommodation! Will come back and stay and recommend to family and friends! ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, for London standards good","The hotel is located in Kensington near the Shepard's Bush Tube station and has a bus stop directly in front of it. The hotel was very busy this weekend. We had a smooth and friendly check-in. the room was nice, maybe slightly dated, but it was relatively big and for London standards all in all very good. The executive lounge offers a range of drinks and snacks. it was very nice to have access to the lounge since the breakfast restaurant was very crowded due to high occupancy. The staff was professional, helpful and friendly throughout our stay. We would come back!",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired old Hilton in OK location,"Hotel is located in between Holland park and shepherds Bush stations. the public areas are nice and I think have been updated in the last few years. The rooms are pretty tired and the room I had was tiny with no bath. It also had what looked like a terrace but I could get out to it. The executive lounge was lovely and has a set of great staff working in it also. Very friendly and attentive. It has a good offering and a nice atmosphere in the evenings, does get extremely busy. I liked this hotel, I would try to get a bigger and better room next time and I hope they update their rooms soon.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"Quiet, friendly and immaculate.  Professional staff.  Good position for central London without the bustle.  Plenty of transport.  Convenient for museums, galleries and Kensington Palace.   Very good stay.  Will use again.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"Regularly stay in this hotel and the management team are superb, slight problem with my room and it’s changed along with 4 free drinks, just awesome and great customer service.   Business lounge priced at £15 for the day is a bargain considering you get breakfast buffet, free coffee & drinks all day and the food and free bar for 2 hours in central London is a bargain, plus great service.   Rooms are a bit tatty but that’s London and many major city hotels.  ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Westfield shoppping,I stayed on business with a colleague and although the hotel was conveniently located for Westfield shopping centre and near shepherds bush tube it is in need of a refurb. The staff were friendly and although hotel was clean I recall staying here 20 years ago and believe my room although very spacious probably hadn’t been updated since then which is a shame.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as good as. Premier Inn,"Spent a Saturday night here and thinking Kensington is a nice area so the Hotel should be, how wrong we’re we.  Room was super small, bathroom you could just turn around in. Bed was as hard as rock, every time you moved it creaked.  Walls like paper and could here everything. Shower was tired and bits missing, toilet leaking around the base so had to put towels to soak up the water and sink tap falling apart.  Bathroom door wouldn’t shut.  Apart from that the breakfast is good. Think Hilton chain need to rethink and invest in this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,"We stayed in room 6017/6029 and it was lovely, modern and clean! All of the staff were fantastic and very friendly! The location was perfect, just a 20 minute walk through a very pretty residential neighbourhood to the centre of Notting Hill, I would definitely stay at this hotel again! ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First impressions not lasting,"We were booked in for first and last day of a Trafalgar tour of Devon & Cornwall. Our request for a twin room and quiet area of the hotel was respected at the start of our tour. However on our return to London, we checked in and found ourselves opening the door to our room and it was ""crap"" - a room with double bed overlooking a busy street and the bathroom door was a huge slab of wood hung on a rail from above. The hallway to enter the room was so tight it was difficult to squeeze the luggage in. I called the front desk from the room and was told they were sold out and no twin rooms available. I asked for a room with a king bed and was told to give them time to see what could be done and she'd call back. In the meantime my wife went to the front desk to complain since we…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful place,"The stay was great, except of something. Just not that clean in the room. I travel with my husbands very often. Great staff. I Will Come Back soon, when i Visit london again in the near future. Thank you ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can do better!,My second stay at this hotel. The check in was smooth and smiley. The concierge was very helpful.  The bar & breakfast was fantastic too. Area of improvement;  1. No luggage help was available on arrival  2. Housekeeping needs seriously improvement (e.g. tissue box over in bath should be replaced when servicing the room),Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Once Again Great Stay, Love This Hotel For The Price","Have stayed at this hotel numerous times, yes it needs a refurb, but remember this is reflected in the price compared to new/refurbished Hilton's in London.  Upgraded to Executive Room, purely for the Lounge access, rooms are exactly the same as standard (apart from dressing gowns).  Executive Lounge good but not one of the best for the Hilton group.  Saturday night complimentary drinks in Lounge are 1800-2000.  Great location right next to Westfield shopping centre, and only 10 mins underground ride from Victoria.  Would definitely stay here again! ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,CONVENIENT,"This was our first time at a London Hilton hotel.We had chosen it for its location and for what we had thought a fair cost for a B/B London hotel.As regular visitors of London and other overpopulated European capitals we were familiar with the size of the rooms of 3,4 stars hotels hence we were quite satisfied with the room of this hotel.However we were nicely surprised with the excellent breakfast,the very helpful staff and generally speaking the amenities.We shall definitely stay there again on our next visit to London   ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The only redeeming quality is the breakfast!,"Don’t bother staying at this filthy, run down hotel. For all the traveling I have done, I have never stayed at a place that cost so much and was so run down and dirty. The only redeeming quality was the Executive Lounge. Thank goodness for that!  This place shouldn’t have the Hilton name attached to it. It was so disgusting!",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ordinary and v small rooms. Ok breakfast. ,"Not very impressive at all for a Hilton.  Rooms only just big enough to swing a cat in and when opening the ironing board no space to actually Iron.  Mini bar was empty and they actually charge for small bottles of water! Breakfast was ok as was the comp WiFi.  This hotel definitely needs a face lift in terms of room size, decor and as importantly personality ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quite good,After staying here for 3 nights the rooms are big enough for two people with suitcases to settle in. Amenities provided were ample for what we needed. Breakfast is a buffet and is definitely recommend to eat there. Reception staff were generally friendly but some were in bad mood. I would recommend staying here if you need a place for a short time.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and great service,"We stayed at the Hilton London Kensington and had a great experience from the moment we arrived until we left. The service was great; everybody from check-in to the various people at the restaurants (and the lounge) were very helpful and very friendly. Nothing seemed ever too much to ask for; even from Marius who helped us with an extra bed and setting up the sofabed. The hotel was very busy and the service did not suffer. The Easter eggs were really a nice touch on Easter Sunday. The location, near Shepherd's Bush Tube/Train station is another plus, Knightsbridge and Nottinghill are a cab ride away or a good walk. Shopping and dining at Westfield London completes the great location of this hotel!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dream,"Great location and lovely luxery .Absolutely loved the room,very comfortable very clean I feel like a king. The room service was amazing,The breakfast was very nice blendy of different tasty .Must try this hotel for experience ...I wish I stay more..",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Home away from home,My first trip to London a few years ago was organised by my tour guide and the Hilton hotel is their first choice.Since then I have been on several tours and found this hotel is chosen as the starting point.Staff are very professional and the concierge (altho different ones at times) are always of a happy nature. The rooms could do with a freshen up but the beds are very comfortable. One recommendation is not to accept a room next to the lift if noise late at night is a bother to you. The breakfast is one of the very best buffets you could want with also special request catered for. One of the biggest shopping malls in London is 5min walk away as is the nearest tube station and the Portabello market 20min to Notting Hill.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK but a long way out,"We had just the one night in Hilton Kensington and were quite pleased with the standard of accommodation and food. The beds were perfect and we had a good, quiet nights sleep. Our room was on the side of the hotel away from the main road.  The Executive floor was good with a satisfactory selection of drinks and canapés. I did not expect range of offerings in this hotel to be that good considering what was paid.   I thought the furnishings were satisfactory, perhaps tired but nevertheless in good repair.  We paid a midweek rate and got more than we expected in terms of room and breakfast and the exec lounge.  The main problem we faced was that the hotel was a considerable distance from the West End. We travelled by and bus the journey into town took about 45 - 60 minutes on…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outdated ,"Booked this hotel last minute. Thought it’s Hilton so will be perfect! Our room on the 5th floor was tired, small and needs some attention!! The shower door needs a good clean!! Whoever does the painting requires to be spoken to!! Very poor quality finish with paint in the bathroom.  Friendly staff but for a £185 per night you expect what you pay for(luckily we didn’t book direct on the hilton site so paid slightly less). Breakfast was worth the £15! Uncomfortable bed. ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay and best choice for Westfield,We stayed here for our first Anniversary and as Hilton Honors Diamond members we were upgraded to an executive suite which was very spacious and clean. The executive lounge was excellent - one of the best we have experienced - open until 11pm with great evening snacks and drinks choices. We chose to have breakfast in the main restaurant which was also to the usual high Hilton standard. The staff were all very friendly and the hotel is well situated opposite Westfield shopping centre (where you can park for £6.00 per night) and outside of the congestion charging zone. The only downsides for us were a rather hard bed and the fact that there is no restaurant for dinner - just food in the bar area or room service. It seems a waste of a lovely restaurant to just use it for breakfast!…,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent and Affordable,"We’re definitely pleased with our stay in this hotel. It is an old hotel (there’s no denying) but not run down. Rooms look clean and refurbished. I especially liked the lounge access and the quality of food served in there.  The hotel rates are one of the more affordable around London. The area looks a bit secluded but really not. A tube station is close by and so is a shopping centre.  I would recommend the hotel to those looking for a decent and affordable place to stay in London. After all, you should be out exploring the beautiful city and not holed up in your room.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable Hilton,"We chose the hotel for the Kensington location. It was convenient to the Central tube station, and we were pleasantly surprised by the upscale surroundings. We had previously stayed in the Earls Court area, which was fine but noisy. This hotel and the neighborhood were very quiet. The breakfast offering was outstanding. I have never seen so many items and such variety. It was more like a brunch buffet. I especially enjoyed the fresh croissants and falafels and the several kinds of fresh fruit. I believe there were baked beans as well. It was the highlight of our visit. Another plus to this hotel is close proximity to the Central tube station, which was about a five minute walk from the hotel. We could take the Central line over to the Piccadilly or District lines and easily…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Badly needs a renovation,"This is a pretty poor hotel. My sister and I stayed here for six nights on a vacation to London. Wouldn't recommend....spend a little more money and stay somewhere nicer. I'm honestly shocked this is a 4 star hotel.   On the plus side, it's near Notting Hill and in a pretty posh area, which is nice. Some employees are nice. That's it.   Our experience:   - The hotel generally feels run down and doesn't adhere to the standards of other Hiltons I've stayed at. Our room (which was upgraded to a ""deluxe"") was extremely small and there were various stains on the rug, the walls and the bathroom walls. - The beds were very uncomfortable. You could literally feel the springs underneath you.  - The climate of our room was terrible. You only have access to an antiquated system where you…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired and fading, needs help","Used to be great hotel of the hilton brand. Location for london trips still great, but hotel looks and feels old and dirty. In urgent need of a refurbishment (last one was over 10 years ago). The staff is always friendly and makes up for something, but i am not paying premium rates for cheap b&b accomodation. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Smooth running,"Handy for Westgate shopping centre ( & Kidzania if you have kids) and convenient for Shepherds Bush tube and buses to the centre. The public areas look smart and our Deluxe rooms were very nice with large flat screen tv, good linens and powerful shower. We had access to the executive lounge which meant a free drink before heading out to dinner (plenty of budget options nearby). Check in staff were very friendly and breakfast extensive and very good - the kids loved the pancake making machine.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for bus route to Central London,"The hotel room was comfortable, if a bit small for an executive room. I needed an extension lead (delivered with pleasure by the hotel) for my breathing machine, as there were no normal plugs close to the bed. The bed was very comfortable, and I got a good night's sleep. The breakfast in the Executive lounge was good (I had a freshly made omelette). I was a little surprised that there was no WC-brush in the room, which caused some consternation. When I asked housekeeping for one, I was told that they couldn't oblige. When a very courteous member of staff came with the extension lead, I explained why I needed the brush, and one was duly brought, which i returned straight away.(compliments to the member of staff). Getting to the hotel from Shepherd's Bush tube station is a little…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"Convenient location near Westfield shopping center, Shepherds Bush tube station and about a 25 minute walk to Notting Hill/Portobello market.  We upgraded to the Executive room and the lounge was quite nice.  They served a hot breakfast and for happy hour had hot appetizers and drinks.    Shepherds Bush is about 6-7 stops from Oxford Circus.  The room was small and a bit outdated...not terribly.  One day they never came to clean our room which is unusual.  I had to call 3 times to get ahold of someone to bring new towels.  Once I reached housekeeping they brought the towels quickly.  Other than that the service was good.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Older Property in a Great Location and Great Service,"Some reviews mention it is an older property, smaller rooms, and baths.  But it is priced lower than other Hilton properties in London.  Nevertheless,  the Hilton touch remains:  rooms were well equipped, service was top notched, great amenities.  I compared it with a  similarly priced Double Tree which was in a less accessible location, a Holiday Inn same vicinity and overall it was a great value and came with a Hilton badge of quality.  Service.  Check in/out were flawless.  Both clerks were knowledgeable, acknowledged my Hilton Honors, and were utmost professionals even one of them was a 'trainee'.  Concierge was polite and full of information.  We came in late in the evening, as I was expecting 'twin beds' in their twin room (they only had single beds in a twin room), the…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed,"I was really disappointed in this Hilton property. For the location as well as the name I was expecting better. The facility is old and it shows. The rooms are small which is understandable but the peeling paint in the bathroom was just plain disturbing. It not like it was a small area, I mean you could have vision problems and still see it.  The location is nice and the staff is friendly. Please get the maintenance team on these repairs and updates, it would really help.  As a travel agent, I can't say I would push this property to my clients especially for the price.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor quality staff ,"Apart from everything but mentioning the most disgraceful. The staff are the worst.  Many of them are very unhelpful at all and disrespectful.  You can hardly get any help after the evening time. All are resting behind their offices. Every time I need something, I have to shout so that someone opens the main gate to let out of the hotel if you needed to go out.It was very negligent when I took my laundry bags to the reception because they didn’t pick up the phone. Then the receptionist saw me holding my laundry bags ,after midnight, stood behind another lady that she was serving, and then she disappeared behind the office again for about eight minutes, before she came back to the same lady and I am still holding my laundry bags. She was not even bothered to take my laundry bags…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dreadful exec lounge and the smallest bathroom I have ever seen!,"I had the misfortune of staying here for one night - the exec lounge is far too small for the size of the hotel and served luke warm food.  When I complained the chicken skewers were cold I was met with a shrug of the shoulders and informed the serving dish felt warm - I tried to explain that I didn’t want to eat the serving dish but gave up when the server walked off mid way through my complaint.   My stay then got worse - the bathrooms are tiny, you have to stand with one foot on (or in!) the toilet if you want to stand in front of the mirror to shave and the shower door only allows a slim built person to squeeze in without touching the walls.  Probably the worst Hilton stay I have encountered in London.    ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shocking room!,"We were going to see a band play at the O2 Shepherds Bush Empire Theatre and due to it’s close proximity, we booked to stay at the Kensington Hilton. Approx eighteen months previously, we had stayed at the Hilton Southbank which was absolutely wonderful. I mistakenly presumed that all Hiltons would be of the same calibre. Lesson well and truly learned - never presume anything!    On arrival at the hotel, although not as opulent as the Hilton Southbank, the public areas all seemed to be of an acceptable standard and quite bright and airy. There were plenty of staff in reception, all eager to be of assistance. We were quickly checked in at reception and headed up to our room on the fourth floor.  First impressions of our standard double room were disappointing,  with the bedroom…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shocking!,"This place was truly awful, the room was like a shoe-box, really tatty and tired.  Air-con only pumped out warm air, the bathroom was a shambles, cracked sink, grubby tiles.   Spotlight in the room flickered like a strobe light. The lampshades had stains on them. The bed was a cheap matress on a slab of wood, really uncomfortable and the bed made all sorts of noises whenever you turned over.   Could hear all the neighbours, either side and upstairs and down.  Hilton are really trading on their name. They should be embarassed to bang these rooms out for the crazy prices they charge, you would genuinely have a much better experience at a Premier Inn.   The breakfast followed suit and was very disappointing.  Would have had a better night sleep in my car which was parked in the…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Tea was ok but scones were dry and had been overcooked and despite being called fruit scone there wasn't any fruit!. Sandwiches were uninspiring and plain, for the price I would go somewhere else! The service was fine but the experience was just adequate.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meh - Average for Hilton,"As a Hilton Diamond Member, this hotel is simply horrible.  The room I had (4116) was a shoebox.   I checked in via the Hilton app and was given a room only to be told it was unavailable upon arriving at the hotel.  The double bed I had was hard as a rock, the floor would have been more comfortable to sleep on, it rattles, creaked, squeaked, you name it, it made all types of noises.  The aircon in the room was blowing 30 degree heat out and despite turning it down, it made no difference, called reception at 10pm in the evening to have someone look at it, no one turned up.  It was only fixed after a alerted the reception team on my way to work, needless to say with a cracking headache.  I wont go back.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pro's and Con's,"Located within a 5 minute walk of Westfield London shopping mall - made it very convenient for a recent business trip. Great, attentive staff on reception, efficient check in and check out. Secured an early check in that was helpful. Room was clean and large, but as it was on the 2nd floor and facing the road, the traffic noise was considerable and constant leading to a disturbed first nights sleep. Room service offered good selection and food was of a good quality and large portions. Toilet had a slow drip so that was a little irratating but was okay when you closed the bathroom door. Overall, great location, good value and lovely staff just needs a little TLC.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bit of a mixed bag!,"As hotels in this price range in London goes its about average.  The staff are friendly and welcoming - certainly can't fault them at all.  We had lunch and dinner in the bar area.  .  It was OK but nothing startling although again, the service was excellent. Breakfast, we thought, was a bit pricey for a buffet but the choice was good  The Concierge were helpful.  Our room was clean but small and very 'tired'.  If all the rooms are like this then they are in serious need of a refurb.  I've certainly slept in more comfortable beds that's for sure.  I'd stay here again if I wanted to be in that area.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,With this hotel you would expect a certain standard that unfortunately it fails to deliver. The staff are polite and ready to serve and the main public areas are clean and functional. Where this hotel let's itself down is the poor quality of the rooms. Large cracks down the tiles and across the marble sinks indicate that it is in badly need of an upgrade. The food is average and extortionate.  Quite clearly the pizza you order for room service looks suspiciously like a goodfellas stuffed crust margharita(£3.00 in most supermarkets) and the have the nerve to charge £13.00. Sort your bathrooms out Hilton. ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice 4 star ,"Good value, nice big comfortable rooms and friendly, service minded staff. We stayed, with a six year old, for five days and got to know breakfast staff and the Society bar and restaurant staff very well. They were all very efficient and friendly. Especially Samir in the breakfast dining hall. The Society bar seems to be very popular in the area with both local and hotel resident guests. Would definatley recomend breakfast since the breakfast buffet is great. Location is slightly off compared to the London Underground, but the Overground train is just two minutes walk around the corner or bus stop right outside that takes you to South Kensington tube station in five minutes. The hotel is clean well maintained. Overall a  very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed there for nearly 3 weeks,"Our trip was supposed to be for 10 days, but due to a couple of changes, we decided to stay the entire period in london.  The suite was decently sized relative to a london hotel. The front office staff and the executive  lounge team were nice and helpful. The breakfast selection was good.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, great staff and very good food","We recently stayed here with friends whilst on a long weekend break to London as it’s a good location to stay near London, Sheppard’s Bush tube station (which is on the Central Line)is located just across the road outside Westfield Shopping Centre. Staff in the hotel are really friendly, helpful and always greet you with a big smile, the food at breakfast is very good with a wide selection to choose from. If you can ask for a room at the back of the hotel as these rooms are generally quieter than those at the front which overlook a busy main road (Holland Park Avenue). I can thoroughly recommend this hotel if you are looking to stay just outside central London and want a good hotel at a very reasonable price.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay!!!,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 3 nights, we arrived early but there was already a room for us ready to check in, which was fantastic. We´ve got a room with bathtub and that was excellent after long days at the Covention at Olympia London and Shopping. Olympia London was just a 15 minutes walk, also the Westfield Shopping center and Sheperds Bush station is just around the corner. We slept very well and the breakfast was great, lot´s of fresh juice, fresh and warm food. The staff was always friendly and very helpful.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another lovely stay,We stayed on a Sunday night in February. Our room wasn’t ready on arrival but we were early and the lovely lady on reception gave us early access to the exec lounge so we could get a coffee. The room was clean and the bathroom excellent. We spent the evening in the lounge and it was lovely. Good refreshments and selection of drinks. They could have done with more staff to clear away the tables but other than that it was another excellent stay and we look forward to returning.,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average ,"I stayed at the Ibis and Crowne Plaza previously in London and both of these hotels were a lot nicer than the Hilton Kensington. It was great being next to the Westfield but the breakfast was very average and the TV is facing away from the bed and very small, can barely see It. Room was okay but you can get much better quality for the price.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean and comfy,Enjoyed a brief stay at this modern hotel whilst visiting Olympia and was made very welcome. The friendly and helpful reception staff offered a free upgrade and a quiet room. Secure lifts reassuring and accommodation clean and very comfy. Curtains not black out but not far off. good size bathroom with luxury towels and products made showering a pleasure. Breakfast was fresh and very tasty. Overall a good hotel in a great location. Recommended.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Location is the main attraction- so near trains and tube at Shepherds bush.Also Parking in Westfield is very cheap and secure for London parking (book ahead for even better rates)  The staff at this hotel are really great- all were welcoming kind and helpful. #The rooms are looking a little tired (when will they be refurbed?) and although compact (this is London!) they have a fridge, tea and coffee facilities, a safe and a decent hairdryer.  Shame the wifi is not free- no excuses in this day and age.  The breakfasts were very good and the waiting staff were very kind. Food was replaced quickly at the buffet servers and there was plenty of choice.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny,"Rooms are very small, some dirt here and there. For two people can be a bit disfuncional but it works. Staff was very knowledgeable and extremely friendly. Very close to several eating and shopping establishments, and to bus stops. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but - water more expensive than wine!","Quality hotel but the night I arrived, tired, after delyed trains for my 2 night stay it was quite busy. No-one answered room service so had to make my way down to the bar to try and order food. Huge apology from staff member, who offered room service without delivery charge. Thanks. Bottle of sparkling water in room..note said it would be replaced for £3.95 and the small bottles of still water £1 each! Crikey. Massive queues at breakfast checkins both mornings, which surprised me. Staff shortage or poor logistics? Comfortable and clean though, all staff polite and welcoming.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient & Accessible London Hotel,"Our favourite London hotel in Kensington. Right next to Shepherds Bush underground, train and bus station. This hotel is well maintained, clean and smells great when you walk in. Staff are very welcoming. Rooms are nice and spacious.   The hotel is right next to the Westfield shopping centre which has everything you need. Shepherds Bush is also ideal for travelling around the city 24/7. This has been my base for trips to Harry Potter World, Olympic Stadium, gigs and shows and all the tourist stuff in between. Bus runs from right outside the hotel into Piccadilly Circus. Shepherds Bush is on the central line so you can use underground to go almost anywhere you like.   Back to the hotel. It has a nice bar in the foyer, breakfast and executive lounge facilities were comfortable and…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but maintenance could improve ,"Situated at a wonderful location just 5 minutes walk from both the overground and underground stations of Shepherds Bush as well as very close to the Westfield Shopping Centre, this hotel is a great place to stay. However the maintenance could improve for the brand name as well as for the price being paid",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Avoid if possible,We book trough booking.com and its been advertise as 5 star but when we gat there its 4 star and between booking and hotel something went wrong staff weren't helpful sometimes rude so wont recommend anyone ,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag.....read on.....,"The hotel is ok as Hilton's go.  The accomodation is of mediocre standard for a hilton around the globe. Reception staff are really friendly, as are concierge.  There appears to also have local Grenfell tower housed people staying here also. No issues with that, but an issie when they are playing ball games and having to dodge them when trying to get to room, or bar or restaurant after a long day.  The head waiter at the bar on the ground floor is a waste of space. Too busy ponsing round rather than serving staff and taking orders. Saw a few people walk out due to his personal lack of customer attention. Service in this bar can be good or absolutley shocking. Stay here for the location and reception. Avoid if you want consistent service......",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly service in the Executive Lounge,"My wife & I stayed here on Valentines night to attend an a-ha concert at the 02 Arena. We got a great rate from online travel website: Fly Cruise Stay .com Kedest Berue, our Ethiopian hostess in the executive lounge, was very friendly and helpful.Thanks Kedest for your warm hospitality. The rooms are tired and a little worn, the reception area is modern and the lifts are quite fast which is a plus. Didn't like the £1.50 service charge when you charge drinks to the room while at the bar. Good breakfast and location was alright, apart from the road nearby which cars speed by in many lanes. Nice park outside the door however which our the room had a nice view.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very tired hotel fantastic staff,"Having stayed in Hiltons all over the world they have always been our ""Go to"" brand because the standards were always good and reliable.  However the Kensington needs a major refit, our room was tired and way below standard including smashed floor tiles in the bathroom which could have easily sliced into your foot, however thanks to the efforts of Charlene on reception our faith was restored.  We were given another room which was still very tired but showed that they still cared. Charlene's customer service skills deserve recognition by the hotel she is fantastic. We ate on the Friday night Pizza was lovely cocktails are good and have good measures of alcohol not just tons of ice! Breakfast is also good typical buffet style but you can order omelettes and eggs served to the…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, good room, perfect location","We stayed at this hotel during an exhibition at Olympia. The hotel is walking distance to the exhibition centre, and directly opposite Westfield - great for shopping and restaurants.   My room was good - comfortable and more than adequate. Was pleased to find hairdryer and iron/ironing board, vital for when away on a business trip. If I am being picky, room was a bit small and I only had a shower, would have loved a soak in the bath after being on my feet all day (my colleague had a bath on a higher room and I'm sure if I had asked I could have swapped rooms - wasn't a big thing)  Service in the hotel is fantastic. Everyone so helpful, friendly and professional. We ate in the hotel bar/restaurant and the food and wine was fantastic. Great choice.  Breakfast in the morning was…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with lovely staff,"Just back from this hotel yesterday.  Had a great 2 night stay, staff went above and beyond during our visit and really a credit to your hotel.  There was 3 of us in our room, and we needed another set of towels when we tried to call reception to let them know our phone wasn't working which we did report but was never fixed during our stay.  On returning to the hotel late on Tuesday evening we went to the bar to see if we could get something to eat and was told to call room service we explained we couldn't as the phone was not working the gentleman was great and took our order there and then, to which a female manager, came over and said it would be complimentary as our phone was out of order, very nice touch indeed.  Alex in your lounge bar was excellent he served us during the…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,Had a very pleasant stay at Kensington Hilton. Staff were helpful and always pleasant. Buffet breakfast and food in the bar was very good. Room was small and a bit tired but it was clean and quiet considering it is a busy road. Hotel is close to tube station and overground train station.,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice place!,"This is a really good place to stay while in London. There are much fancier and much more expensive places but this is a great mix of the 2. Nice clean rooms, great service, good location as outside the congestion zone for driving and walking distance to the Shepard’s Bush tube line. If parking here, be a bit careful as the entrance ramp is rather steep and the spots are pretty small. I picked up 2 door dings in 2 days, not the hotels fault though, just a careless guest. All in all a great spot, I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Rather average Hilton, very small rooms","This is a rather average Hilton Hotel. As Diamond Elite member, I was offered an upgrade but I doubt this was really an upgrade. The room was very small and worn out and the bathroom was very small as well.  Breakfast was ok with plenty of choice. The hotel has a bar as well. For the rest, this hotel has nothing special to offer. Certainly not in line with Hilton standards. There are better Hiltons in the London area such as for example the Hilton London Islington",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nicely Surprised!,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington at the weekend, 2 adults and 1 child (10yrs).   We were a little apprehensive having read the reviews, especially with the comments made about the rooms and shabby looking interior. This was not our experience of the hotel.    The room allocated was on the first floor at the front of the hotel overlooking gardens, these are the larger of the standard rooms I believe. The room was nicely decorated with modern fixtures, bath robe and slippers and complimentary toiletries and tea coffee facilities.  The breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice.  The location is perfect!  Just across the road from Westfield Shopping centre with around 280 shops and restaurants, open until 10pm.  The centre only opens at 12pm on a Sunday.     Concierge at the…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very average hotel","Hilton hhonors status: Diamond Room 4093  Did an online check-in, and saw I had been upgraded, and was allocated a room on 7th floor.   Arrived at hotel and checked in, and and was told by the trainee at reception that I was no longer in that room, but was now in 4093. I questioned this, as I thought I had been upgraded, and was told (and this is a quote), “sorry, we’ll make it up to you next time”.  The room itself wa a box room, with chunks out the wall, and basically stank of urine. Carpets also worn. If ever there was a hotel that needs serious refurbishment, this is it.  Good points: Location. Very convenient indeed Executive lounge. Obviously a nice bonus, and staff there faultless  Breakfast. Excellent   Bad points: Room I stayed in was very below average, sub Travelodge,…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn’t pay full price ,"We got a really good deal and we were happy with what we got, but I’d be a bit annoyed if I had paid full price as the beds were really squeaky and on wheels, which meant that they moved and made noise all night, which was annoying. Agree with a reviewer below - it’s a stretch to call this Kensington. I would however recommend, as long as you got a good deal. I wouldn’t pay full price. Breakfast was good but very busy and no one allocating tables.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This place is amazing ,"I’m new too all this but I thought I’d write something on our last trip here, was exceptional great food great atmosphere and the staff were a credit too the whole company would highly recommend a look in if you’re around the area. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards,"Location...a bit of a stretch to call this area Kensington.  You are at least a mile from the Kensington High Street.  It isn't far from the tube, about 10 minute walk, but you are a few stops away from a busier part of London.  The hotel is old, the outside has no charm, and inside is dated.  The carpet in the room was extremely worn and dirty in parts.  The bed was uncomfortable, and incredibly noisy - not able to move without waking up my husband, which meant I spent a long night trying to move as little as possible.  The shower was decent.  Staff were friendly but overall I would say this hotel is not worth the money and I have stayed at far better hotels in the Hilton chain.  Next time I am checking reviews before booking because we could have stayed closer to the high…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A bit cold,"I have stayed here before, staff are always very good and helpful, rooms are a bit dated and the pillows could be updated, we ate in the bar area which was really cold, we asked for some heating to be put on but not very comfortable. Food is fine,breakfasts are very good and a good location.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worn down hotel ,"This is more a 3 star rather than 4 star hotel. My room was very small and worn down with stains on the carpet, and the bed was extremely squeaky. I ordered room service one night and found a black hair in my burger.  On the plus side the staff was really nice and helpful.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Average,"When booking this hotel, I was under the impression I was booking a Hilton standard 4-star accommodation. However apart from the foyer and bar area, I would say this is more like a 3 star hotel. The rooms are quite small, in particular the bed, which was extremely squeaky! The decor both inside the room and down the corridors was very dated and there were obvious signs of wear such as peeling wallpaper and damp sections. Had this been advertised as a three star hotel, we would not have been as disappointed with the quality as it was clean and the service at reception was great. However given we were expecting a slightly higher  standard, we were quite disappointed at the mere average quality of the rooms. On a more positive note, the breakfast was brilliant and there was a large…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel ,Hotel has nice facilities. Restaurant and bar have good food and good service. Rooms are nicely decorated and beds are comfortable. Bathrooms may need some updating as well as the a/c. Service is very good too.  A nice Hilton executive lounge is available too. ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night stay for business,"I'm afraid I wasn't particularly impressed. Fair price and good location and staff were really great. However, room tiny and rather worn décor. Loud air-conditioning noise from other room, even with ear plugs. Expected to pay 12.99 for WIFI? I've stayed in hundreds of hotels all over great Britain and never had to pay before!!! 12.85% service charge added also to bill? on top of expensive menu?",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place for a stay in town,"I stayed here again the other day and enjoyed it. The location is good near Westfield and Shepherd’s Bush for the tube. The exec lounge was worth the additional cost. Good happy hour in the evening, and a fine selection for breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A reliable hotel. Perfect for business in London.,I am working in London and need somewhere to stay for the next 6 months. I stayed at this hotel on a regular basis around 10 years ago and decided to give it a go. It was great to be back to a familiar hotel. This hotel is a typical Hilton. I am fortunate to be a Hilton Honors Diamond member and I had access to the Executive Lounge. The lounge is well appointed and had excellent service. This was really appreciated after a late finish to work. I also used the gym on this stay. The gym was just right for my needs.  I have booked a few stays at this hotel over the next couple of months. It’s a hotel that will not let you down.,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Single female arriving at hotel before checkin at 1400.  Staff friendly, knowledgeable and welcoming couldn’t wish for a lovelier greeting on arrival.  Room 1030 first floor, cosy well presented, great for 1 Person, however it would be snug for 2 tall people, however I wouldn’t grumble as although to me the room is smaller then newer build hotels, you have to appreciate a lot of hotels have small rooms in London as the age of the buildings are older.  Breakfast staff warm and welcoming, nothing is to much trouble would recommend a short walk to Westfield mall for some retail therapy, selection of restaurants or to catch the tube from shepherds bush.  I would definitely recommend this hotel as within reach of anywhere in London.  Thank you Hilton I stayed for 1 night and…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable ,Part off weekend break to London. Room was only just big enough for a wheelchair but was adequate  clean and tidy. Waiting staff at breakfast were very attentive and there is plenty of choices at breakfast. I think there is something for everyone. ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It’s a hit and miss.,"I stayed here back in March 2017 for 2 weeks after finding a great deal through Hilton Honours which I couldn’t refuse. The location I found perfect as it’s a 5 minute walk to Westfield London and Shepherd Bush tube station.  I decided to give the Hotel 3 stars, I found the customer service to be wonderful and very helpful, we had breakfast included in our rate and had a wide variety but would not pay the £20 if we had to pay.  The only downfall to this place is that it is in dire need of a full renovation, otherwise I would of given it a full 5 stars, it’s not bad to the point that you can’t stay there but as a Hilton it is below their standards.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable stay, rooms quite small","I stayed two nights at this hotel whilst attending a business meeting. Everything expected was in the room, but for the price I paid, I thought the room was very small. During booking, I thought that the price was including breakfast, but it turned out that it was not. So, I am supposing this should have been more explicit on the booking site, as apparently, I have missed this  There no real view from my room , as the window seemed to open on something that seemed to be an internal yard. The staff were very friendly and in general a pleasant and comfortable stay.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing customer service,"I have visited Hilton London Kensington on Wed morning around 8am. I didn't stay at the hotel however I had a meeting in a cafe area for an important interview.  The gentleman at the concierge desk didn't give me any eye contact as I approached the counter, despite there was not anybody in the queue in front of me. It took couple minutes of me standing literally right in front of him, whilst he was doing something on the computer, to actually say hello to me and ask me how he could assist. I only needed to be shown where the actual cafe was - which was pointed to me in fairly rude manner (as like 'isn't it obvious where the cafe is?"" kind of one).   Once I entered the cafe place, there was a lady making a coffee already for somebody. So I patiently waited for her to finish with…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and nice,"It wasn't my first visit there ,and as usual, it was pretty good. Clean, comfortable, professional. Nicely located in West London, quite close to Shepherd's Bush station (Central line). Recommended for any sort of stay.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not convinced- but maybe it’s just London Hotels,"So at just North of £100 per night, the Hilton represents good value, but there are a fair few issues. This is not really a gripe, as there is lots to like, but if the management can pay a bit of attention it could be fabulous. 1. Rooms are tiny, but clean. Bed very noisy! I hate to think why. 2. Gym is hopeless, running machines a total health hazard. 3. No room service menu, but it may be on the Telly. 4. WiFi expensive, welcome to the UK. 5. Evening meals in restaurant expensive limited and not very nice. All feels pre-made & heated up. 6. Staff great!!  ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great base,"We had a good stay in a warm cosy twin room, comfortable beds, and all the things you would expect ; TV, fridge, coffee and tea with kettle, hairdryer,  iron and board, safe, lots of hot water, and white fluffy towels.  Our room 5107 On the fifth floor was extremely quiet.  You need to swipe your key for the lift which is a good safety feature but a bit of a bore.  All staff were efficient and friendly and a very nice Italian member of the restaurant staff went out of his way to find me some passion fruit when all the passion fruit tarts had gone (thanks again).  We were part of a large group so had two sittings for lunch.   The food was very good, especially the confit duck which I love, but the food and the plates could have been hotter.  The hotel is very easy to get to,…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok deal but could do better,"Having booked through Lastminute secret hotels we got a very good deal for a couple of nights  nights at this 4 star hotel.   thee entrance to the hotel was nice  with good service from the concierge and reception team . The room, although very clean and a reasonable size, was pretty standard I was quite disappointed  Also no free wi fi its standard for many hotels, but there was none here.good location with  (central line) less than a 5 minute walk away, so this was very convenient . Not sure I would stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well positioned hotel - rooms smaller than average,"This is a nice hotel, with a good lounge - all types of room are a little smaller than typical Hiltons - think it might be a Stakis conversion. Tip - take any Bus towards Shepherds Bush from Notting Hill Gate and it stops right outside the hotel - save the walk and crossings from Shepherds Bush Staff are friendly and helpful Westfield Shopping Centre is very close with plenty of eateries",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Kensington Very good hotel, near to all facilities, near to shopping mall","It is very nice hotel, good clean room, nice friendly staff, excellent service, very close to the tube station, near to one of the big shopping centre in london, westfield, good breakfast facilities as well. Overall satisfied with the stay in hotel.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A trusted friend in London,My favorite brand and best location hotel-access to executive lounge for a fee (silver card holde) was the highlight of my stay..It made life easier. The hotel may be a bit tired looking and sort of '80 s but feel myself safe and at home,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable busy hotel,"Room was of a good size, air conditioned with a pleasant ambience. Desk with lamp, TV and tea/coffee making. A small fridge for guests' use. The bathroom was of a reasonable size with a good selection of toiletries and towels supplied. Shower only in this room. Breakfast could have been better, due to a fault with the food warming equipment some of the buffet items were not kept hot. Efficient and professional staff at all times. Good location for transport links and shopping at Westfield.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good position but terrible place,The position of the hotel is very good and close to tube stations and bus stop. You can reach Notting Hill by walking in 15 mins. The room was not very tidy and the bathroom was quite old. They charged us 30£ each for one gin tonic at the bar of the hotel. ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing stay,"The service was second to none, staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable and there was no noise at all. Breakfast was good with plenty of selection. The hotel is only a short walk from the nearest underground station so it is very easy to get around.   Check in and out was easy and quicl. The staff really looked after us, I cannot recommend this hotel enough.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Value for money, calm, easy assess to public transport ","Value for money, calm, easy access to public transport, but the only drawback is the same breakfast Menu everyday !!!!!. Bar is also good but mostly empty for the ambience. Executive lounge is great in terms of comfort and service but then again the menu is the same everyday. Perfect for people traveling for business and lay offs for a day or two but for family it’s a little bit too quiet. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for London standards,"Great hotel with large breakfast buffet, small fridge in room, and a useful fitness center. Great location close to the tube and mall. The bus stop just outside the front door is very useful. I travel for business and have stayed here several times for two weeks at a time and feel very comfortable.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Normally I love Hilton, but this was a bit disapointing","In december i was in this hotel with my daughter for christmas shopping. The location was a bit far from the main atractions but the public transport was in front of the hotel. The staf is very nice and helpful.   However I booked executieve double room. And I was dispoint with the quality of the room and the location. Our room had terrible view, no window which we could open and it was outdated, and the bathroom was old. I expected a nice executive room, and I didn't have the feeling this was one. Also was there a note in the room which was for an other guest...  The couches in the lounge area were dirty and broken.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London from a different aspect,"Part of a package tour had 5 pleasant nights stay to see London. Close to Westfield shopping and Sheperds Bush Metro. The room was your basic Hotel layout with most amenities in the room to make it comfortable, no pool or spa which is not surprising for London hotels, but the Breakfast selection was good for a hearty start. There was no views from room but it was only for sleeping etc etc.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sometimes small but always friendly,"Have stayed here several times, excellent location and very friendly staff.  Room size can be a bit of a lottery, as a HH member I tend to get lucky but even the smaller rooms are well appointed and comfortable.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff,Stayed here on business - no issues at all - did not use the facilities but room clean and very comfortable - had twin room with loads of room.  Staff at reception and concierge were just lovely and really helpful,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old and Moldy,"I have seasonal allergies, so it is important to me if the hotel doesn't have this problem. This hotel does have a problem with mold and mildew. I find if I stay in floors 3 and above, it is not too bad, but still a major turn off.  The staff is very friendly however and professional. They make the stay pleasant even though the beds are like hardboard. Also, there is an annoying blinking red light from the smoke detector I often wake to.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but hotel a little dated,"The area of this Hilton is great. The lobby is nice and the hotel staff are pleasant. The hallways, carpet and rooms could use a little update if you care about that sort of thing. It didn’t affect my stay one bit, but aesthetically speaking, it needs attention. Room was quite small but bed was comfortable. I also liked that I couldn’t hear my neighbors. The restaurant for breakfast was delicious too. I’d stay again. FYI - it was a $14 Uber ride to Buckingham Palace and $20 away from the London Eye. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Winter Stay,"Friendly staff, great location next to Underground stop. Definitely reccomend registering for Hilton Honors membership for best value. Great value for what was paid. Hard to go back to a smaller TV afterwards!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The people make this hotel special,"We had planned to stay at a different Hilton location, however chose last minute to stay here as the other location had such poor reviews.  So thankful we did. Our vacation started extremely rocky, as our luggage didn’t arrive from the states. Hardly the start we expected for our special trip.  When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by Hiren, who, upon hearing of our misfortune, did everything in his power to make our trip positively memorable again.  We arrived far earlier than check-in time, and had no expectations of having a room available.  He upgraded us to a different room and offered us access to the executive suite to freshen up since our room would not be available till the afternoon. After freshening up, we left to tour the city.  Once we returned, not only did…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Do not eat dinner at the Hotel restaurant,Fish cakes were bad and soup was unseasoned... don’t get me talking about the desert.i should have went to the mall which was a 5 minute walk. Not at all what I expected expected from a Hilton. Will think twice about staying here again.,Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London holiday ,"Great hotel nearby central London. My boyfriend and I was staying in a nice room at 7. floor with a great view. Everything was good, staff, breakfast, room, cleaning. I will definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to London. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"The hotel was good for both business and pleasure. Located less than 5 minutes from Shepherd Bush train/tube station it was also easy to commute into central London.  If you intend to shop, Westfield shopping Centre is less than 5 minutes away and will have what you need and more.   The service checking in was excellent, as was that from the staff at breakfast.   My room was small but had everything that was expected.  There was unfortunately a tissue on floor in my room, which I think must have dropped from the person cleaning, as I'm they sure they would not have missed it otherwise.   The 24-hour gym has all the main pieces of equipment you would expect from a Hilton hotel.  The gym is not large but contains equipment to ensure you are able to have a good workout.   Breakfast…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Pleasant Stay,"We had a very pleasant stay at the Hilton London Kensington. The Hotel is very well located and the facilities are of a high standard. Our minor issues were that it was very noisy early in the morning with loud talking at 4am on two mornings and the doors of the rooms close very loudly. On the day of departure, the phones were not answered from both the reception and the concierge. We had to go down in the lift to request a porter to come up and carry down our suitcases.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel.,Stayed here for a nignt before flying on holiday. A lovely little hotel prefect for a quick stop and great location in central London. Next to the Westfield shopping centre which is incredible and has all the shops you could want and plenty of places to eat. Staff at the hotel were lovely and breakfast was brilliant. I shall be back.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What a place!,"First trip to Europe and this property made it grand. When we arrived onity was on site installing all new locks, so of course there was a learning curve. Overall, staff handled it great and made our stay worthwhile.  I would love to return to this property (and london) as much as i can!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service is poor,"Just terrible.  Service and room were truly awful.  Sort this shambles out.  Do not put rooms next to a lift shaft, it is unfair.  I'm am in a London hotel Newark Y every week for work and I will never look to stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"This was our second time stay in kensington... i must stay .. breakfast is amazing at this place .. and the most convenient place to have access to Westfield shopping mall...  food, shopping evrything just 3-5 minutes walk from the hotel... all the team members are amazing... filipino bellman was very nice ...  we also got late checkout free of charge.. that was amazing...  thank you for making our stay wonderful 🤗🤗",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay in good digs;),"All aspects of hotel, staff, amenities, food, lounge, etc are great. Convenience to Tube, buses and Westfield very handy.   Rooms are a bit tired and better lighting and wet carpet issue Due to? Powerful shower getting through silicone causing damp carpet to entrance /bathroom door area was only downfall. Otherwise good hotel to stay and play in London ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meeting,Stayed here for one night and it was very good. It’s close to the city and it was very good there. The weather played with us in this time. The reception was very good. Mini bar was full and the bathroom was clean ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Trip to London to see Ballet at Royal Albert Hall,"Chose this Hotel as it has on site underground car parking(£35/day!) The car park is a little challenging if other cars not correctly parked in their bays! However, managed to squeeze my Volvo XC60 in. So if you have a smaller car it should not be any problem! It is also within a short walking distance to Westfield with many shops & restaurants.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,Rooms are not great for the price. The staff are friendly but the rooms are small with instant coffee and terrible beds. During our stay the room was not made up even though we were out all day. Could have been better I was quite disappointed. ,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average.,"The best first, the Breakfast was very good. The people working at the Hotel were all in all very nice people. I am a hilton gold member and I have visited a lot of Hilton hotels and I have to say that the standards can be better than this hotel. The room was fine, not great but fine. Let us talk about the furniture in the lobby, full of stains and with holes in them. The executive lounge was the same, dirty furniture and the carpet is covered with big stains etc. My brother was with me, and this was his first visit to a Hilton hotel and he was not impressed neither was I. As a Hilton Gold member, the hotel must upgrade to executive floor but they did not do that, at least they could have told why not but no explanation. Later the same day i told the reception if they could give…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay ,"We arrived on the 6th January 2018 very run down the receptionist “upgraded us” what a joke very small room not very clean the only good thing is the breakfast, and how close it is to the underground station would not stay here again ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I would not recommend for couples! Absolutely awful! ,"You could not increase the brightness on the TV due to the restrictions. The bed was hard, with ultra soft pillow, not a good combination at all, the lights in the room were all different colours, no sockets anywhere near the bed. Not worth £120 a night at all ! Only one bath robe was in the room. No point having doors for a balcony if you are unable to open the door to get out there as it’s looked with a key. The stains in the room are disgusting!  I would not recommend this hotel for couples at all. ",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag,"This is one of the worst Hiltons I have ever stayed at. Rooms are small and dirty, bathrooms tatty and dated, carpets dirty and worn.   I have stay in countless Hiltons and this is far below the usual high standards expected of the company. It was actually quite embarrassing.   As a positive, I have to say that the staff were actually excellent. Helpful and friendly through entire stay. Not really anything negative to say on that aspect at all.   All in all, good staff but a building that is in desperate need of renervation.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean comfortable rooms BUT.....,"The rooms were clean and comfortable. The staff were professional and accommodating. Perfect location for public transportation. Gloucester and South Kensington Stations were only a few minutes walk. Safe neighborhood. Many shops. Breakfast buffet was delicious! What a spread! StarBuckets coffee to boot! The hotel is currently under renovations and is a bit noisy during the day but we really weren't hanging around the hotel. My only complaint was that the lift didn't work the whole time we were there.I had read in another review somewhere that it had been out of order for a few weeks.  As a senior citizen, It was hard for me and my arthritis to climb the three flights of stairs. I would love to stay there the next time I go to London but only if the hotel can guarantee the lift…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin & very friendly staff,I've just spent three nights at this hotel as a solo traveller with my dog.  I found the hotel staff very friendly and helpful.  The room clean and functional with a good mattress and down pillows.  Breakfast was good. It is a very handy location for many places.,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,Amazing hotel in a great location with Clean rooms and friendly staff. Had a fantastic time and going back there soon. Easy check in's and simple billing. Fair price for where you are stopping. Couldn't ask for more.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay and excellent service .,Always great service and a safe location.  The free pastries are excellent. I look forward to staying here on all of our layovers. the gym is excellent and well maintainenced. The room service is very attentive.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,"Staff extremely nice and helpful. Very clean hotel. Excellent breakfast. Rooms would do with some refurbishment especially the bath tubs. Had a very good stay.  Location very close to bus stop, tube and amenities ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Christmas fun,"Thank you for a wonderful stay. From check in to check out , your staff were friendly, and eager to please. Having been in hotel management myself, I know too often they don't hear the good comments. Our room was spotlessly clean, and breakfast and dinner was plentiful and delicious. Please thank your wonderful team we hope to come back soon.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old Facilities with Excellent Service,"The WC flushing and the shower head were not at their best conditions in my room (6105). Generally, the rooms looked 'old' but reasonably clean and tidy. Some of the toiletries where missing such as the body lotion when I checked in but it was subsequently made available for the following nights. The room provides for two shower robes but no slippers (is this the norm?). The bed was nice and soft but there was a 'sound' when you turn your body. I enjoyed my beer and chicken wings at the Avenue Bar in the hotel. The service staff were friendly and attentive.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Unforgetable dining experience,"Caesar Salad without cheese, bacon, dressing or poached egg and chicken or salmon are extra. Room situated next to the lift shaft made it good for insomniacs. Staff very helpful and amenities good. Executive lounge excellent and room cleanliness very good",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stunning,In the heart of Kensington it has beautiful surroundings couldn’t fault a thing. Ideal for a visit long or short as you can always find things to do near by. The food is perfect and the rooms are up to standard. Can not wait to travel back there to visit our family. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,Usefully situated hotel for Westfield and local areas: not in the centre of town but a bus or tube ride of about 20 mins. Perfectly clean and up to Hilton standards. Stayed in jr suite which was acceptable.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Kensington,"This is hotel is terrible in terms of rooms, amenities and staff.  Booked a executive room and you are given a normal room with gowns and slippers and that is what they call an executive room. No Kettle in the room.  The bathrooms are tatty and dated.  Definitely not recommended.  A 4 star hotel with a below 1 star service.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Christmas break,"Me and my husband stayed here so that we could be close to the Westfield centre and QPR stadium. We could t fault the hotel and when we visit London overnight again, we would definitely book here and catch the tube, rather than choose a hotel more central.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton magic,"We were welcomed by friendly staff. The comfy warm room had a massive comfortable bed. The hotel is very close to Westfield. One word about buses, no cash and each passenger has to have a contactless card or an oyster card. That has nothing to do with the hotel, just thought you might want to know!!! The hotel bar staff on our return were very welcoming. We both slept well. I would recommend this hotel for any trip to London",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well below Hilton standards,"Rooms are tired and dirty, key never worked - constant problems for the duration of the stay. Breakfast staff were lovely. Front desk staff bordering on incompetent. Stayed for a week as working in London and expected much more from Hilton. Huge disappointment.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sister Heyam Visit ,"Worst hotel accomodation in my life, great error rating the hotel four stars, the rooms are nasty , service the worst , restaurant are disgusting , terrible visit we couldn’t sleep.  fault will not repeated for sure ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The breakfast in this Hilton Hotel is the best in this area. Clean nice hotel. Very close to London largest and finest shopping mall of Westfield (probably more than 200 shops from every kind) and close to all kind of transportation (metro, bus etc.)",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London tour,Very quite and neat hotel. Not too classy but full of energetic staffs who could help you with anything. I liked the food at the outlet and breakfast was quite good too.   Walking distance to a great mall and it’s very convenient. Underground train was just few minutes away which again make it a great spot for going around places.   Kensington palace is nearby too.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Olympia horse show,Annual trip as excellent location to Olympia and relatively good value for London. Bar prices a bot steep but excellent breakfast buffet with very large choice and hot was hot. Have stayed for the past 10 years.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely the most amazing breakfast in bed - Wow,"As a treat we thought we would treat ourselves to late breakfast in bed - And wow that was so great sumptuous and was delivered so expertly well, that it b3came the highlight of this luttle London trip by itself. As it was a special occasion it was brilliant that the frondesk did all to get us a nice room with a view over the trees towards Notting Hill. Location of the Kensington Hilton is perfect with all the lillte cozy and soave alleyways, houses, bars, shops and restaurants of Holland Park & Notting Hill are a few hundred yards to the right. You don’t sense it but the largest shopping centre in London is only 300 yards to your left.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for tourists,At first I was a bit upset with the very small room and bathroom. But being tourists we only slept in the room and the size did not matter when returning at night after having a full day out. The rooms are serviced and we never returned to a not perfectly made up room. The breakfast is a delicious spread and lasted us till dinner. The hotel is very close to the Shepard's Bush underground and a huge shopping mall and supermarket and more restaurants than I could count. I will highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, customer-focussed","My family were among the unfortunate  ones bumped off by BA at Heathrow during the snowstorm. Thankfully, we managed to secure accommodation at the Hilton.  We had mixed reviews for Hilton but their quick service recovery somewhat negated any negative impressions we have.  What we liked: - location is fantastic to us as we were 5 mins walk from White City thst has a tube station and a mall. Also, the beautiful Holland Park, Hyde Park and Bayswater areas are within a 20 min walk. - warm room with adjustable temperature settings - comfy beds with sufficiently fluffy pillows. - plenty of hangers for our clothes and coats. - showers with great water pressure  - delicious breakfast spread with gourmet coffee and chocolate. My kids loved the pancakes. Yummy... - mostly warm and…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK,"Visited for business mid December and didn't expect the hotel to be busy, I was clearly mistaken. Check in was prompt and to the point, the room feels old and needs an update, but clean. Bed and shower what you'd expect from a 4* London hotel. Breakfast I'd avoid, long queues and insufficient service.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"On my vacation with my GF what a great experience. Thank you everyone for making my stay great. I will definitely make this hotel my destination hotel whenever I visit London, customer service is really the best",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good class hotel,"Centrally located with good access to public transport, local attractions & shops. Small but comfortable room though bathroom ceiling needs a lick of paint. Really excellent room service food. Good breakfast though a bit chaotic and the toasters are really not up to the job!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quick stay,"Our group stayed here as part of our Tralfagar trip around the United Kingdom.    The hotel the first night of the trip was great.   We had arrived a day early and the hotel helped us with transportation/bus station issues to get around London.   Breakfast the next day was awesome.     The room our last night of the trip was not as great.   To be fair, I personally did not book the hotel.   All in all, I would stay there again and thought it was easy to get around from the hotel.   The staff was really helpful.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not really Hilton standard,"Giving this hotel a 4 star rating is a reach as it screams 3 star and in no way is up to Hilton standards in service. My wife dropped me for a meeting and continued on in the taxi to the hotel. When she arrived with 4 bags no one was present to assist with the luggage so the 4'9"" gal drug them in where she found the bellhop texting behind the counter, great. The breakfast is expensive and mundane and no way a value at 20 pounds.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Acomodation,"Excellent hotel, all staff very friendly - kept us right throughout our stay - nothing was a bother.  Rooms clean and of a good size , my only commend would be the paintwork was a bit tired. But that was my only comment - the fact that everyone was so friendly mad our trip all the better.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, OK hotel, rooms need upgrading",Staying a few times for business. Great location as you're near the Westfield shopping centre for a great choice of restaurants and shops which are open late. On the central line for the underground so easy to get into the city.  The hotel itself has a nice reception and a good restaurant. It all looks amazing but unfortunately once you get out of the lift to go to  your room the carpets need updating. The rooms are OK but they need updating. For example the toilet doors look worn. The shower I had for one of the stays smelt when I turned on the hot. It looked pretty grumby too. Both rooms I stayed in needed refreshing.  Also the gym felt worn too. Some of the weight had ends coming off  I had food in the bar restaurant and it was really nice  Customer service was good and staff…,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Christmas getaway,"Normal London Christmas trip.. Stayed in This hotel slit over the last 15 years.. Near Westfield, cheap parking there, bus stop Outside the door for town and theatre.. Would recommend this hotel to others.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected more ,"Small and expensive rooms, paid WIFi,  check-in not too slow, good breakfast, good concierge services, some improvements needed, not good sleep quality, I have expected more and would recommend free of charge WiFi",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, can find better value elsewhere","This was our first stay in any of the Hilton hotels but certainly not the first in London. The location is ok, a short walk to the train/tube station. Every staff member was a credit to the hotel, very polite and professional. The room however was very poor, unclean and dated. The bathroom had dried toothpaste on the counter, the fresh towels and toilet were covered in hair and the shower was dirty inside and out.  Definitely just paying over the odds for the name.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,The hotel was well below par. Was expecting much nicer than what we got with it being tha Hilton. Bed was terrible it was on a rocky frame with a slat of wood as the base and then a uncomfortable mattress so was impossible to sleep well as it would move as well. The service in the restaurant is terrible and the food well below par. Only good thing was the chicken. The staff at the front desk were nice however and the location was great  ,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good quality London hotel,"I stayed here for two nights for a work trip. It is a good quality hotel for visiting London, with convenient access to the tube network from Shepherd’s Bush station a short 5 minute walk away. The hotel is modern and well furnished, and my room was clean and well appointed, however slightly on the small side but this is standard for London. The hotel’s breakfast in W11 is also very good with lots of good quality options and a wide variety. All the staff I dealt with were helpful and friendly. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient ,An average hotel within walking distance from the tube. Clean and quiet. It can get busy but the reception seem to cope fine. Would be nice if there were some blankets available. The staff are helpful and the location is great. ,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice down town Hotel,"Visited this hotel for my business trip, building is old but it's very tall and big, staffs were friendly and had promt Check in, enjoyed breakfast and lounge was very modern and excellent service .. this hotel is good for business travelers",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing ,Good night daddy but here is my first day ghrkjeyketjetjetjejykee6kdyeykeykdykstjyjeyje fans sbsyfsntejteybstgyeykekeykeyryrum ttjeggjdyjsgnwtneyjttjegn tsgjeyykmrukyryrkehjddkekdynbgddkrygejdydyhdh(hmt_yyduh,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible bed in a tiny room,"Bed was hard and noisy, creaking with the slightest movement, have slept on blow up beds in a tent that are more comfy. Room was tiny and felt claustrophobic. It was clean but as the main purpose of a hotel is to sleep having a poor bed makes it a fail for me.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It was fine,"The hotel is old and the rooms are just ok. The staff is pretty friendly overall, but the rooms were pretty mediocre. We were here as a part of a company trip, so we didn't get a big say in which hotel to stay at, but this wouldn't have been on our list if we had a choice.  The location is actually pretty decent, but there wasn't much else to write home about with this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Let down,"I booked this hotel some time ago and we was looking really forward to staying at the Hilton hotel, the room i booked cost £172 for just one night which i didn't mind as this was a treat for my wife and I We checked in early but the room was not ready but that was fine as we was going in to London for the day. We came back to the hotel in the evening and got our key card and went up to our room. There was an awful damp smell and the furniture was badly worn and damaged and there was even a hair on the face towel. I complained at the time and they did move us to another room which again the furniture was badly worn, but no smell. They gave me £50 off the room price, but that was all too late as my evening was ruined. I was expecting a very high standard room due to the cost of…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, let down on everything else.","We stayed here for two nights and used the parking facilities which in total cost almost £400 and everything was a disappointment. From arriving and trying to get the staff to understand my name and find my check in details. Bathroom door that didn't shut, at one point not having a bathroom door. Toiletries for one person not too, tiny rooms that aren't well kept at all. Noise from other rooms, an event downstairs one night of which one of the attendees was sick in the lift, another day had a hen do in the bar. Aside from the location this was more diapointing then staying in a cheap room for the night anywhere else I've ever been.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Clean, comfortable rooms with surprising space for London.  Convenient location for shopping - tourist bus stops just outside hotel.  Concierge very helpful in providing advice and tickets to attractions.  ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Much improved since my last visit,"It is 18 months since my last visit and was so much better. Firstly check-in was a breeze and the receptionist was very customer focussed and seemed pleased to serve me.  The room I was allocated was towards the back of the hotel and was of a good standard and size.  I was invited to the Exec Lounge (due to my HHonors status), but unfortunately was unable to use the access as my evening schedule was tight.  Breakfast was normal good Hilton standard.  Much better this time....well done!",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Full service hotel near Westfield Shepherds Bush,"Had to go to a conference/exhibition at Olympia and all the local hotels were charging silly prices for the few rooms they had left.  This property is only a 10 mon taxi ride away and although I'd never stayed there, I had taught a course on site.  It's quite an old, new hotel (if you see what I mean) but has been nicely upgraded with spacious public areas and a great Executive Lounge (usual benefits).  My room was not a bad size with a decent queen size bed and great pillows. No view through a very small window to the side of the premises. Bathroom (bath only) was small with average toiletries but good towels. I had to phone for my complimentary water.  Reception team well trained and helpful. Concierge team likewise. Breakfast in Exec Lounge very good indeed - great unsmoked…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location but not service ,"The hotel is located in a very nice area and close to the metro station. The room was small but nice. I tried to order room service but I never received it. When you pay Hilton, you expect service, not just a nice hotel. The team in Front office is very good and helpful, especially George.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel can have issues with the bathrooms.  Try to get one with a shower door rather than an open shower.  Also try to stay away from the maids quarters, they are very noisy.  The rooms are very small but you are close to so much, it would be a shame to stay inside, instead of seeing a bit of the city.  The best part of the hotel is the staff.  Very caring.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, only OK for a short stay","A while since I have stayed here, and I had forgotten quite how small the rooms (and bathrooms are). Even one large suitcase is cumbersome, two would be almost impossible. Although decently located for bus and tube services into the West End, many budget hotels (and certainly other Hilton hotels in London) now have larger rooms than these for a similar price. Another downside was the frequent slamming of doors by guests. Good breakfast, though.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing Special,"I visited this hotel for one night as a solo traveller.   On arrival at the hotel it looked good, the entrance and public areas were clean, tidy and modern. I was checked in fast and the staff were friendly and helpful.   The room however was different, it was dated and very small, the bathroom was tiny with barely room to stand in front of the mirror. The lighting was poor, it was also noisy due to being on a main road.   The air conditioning was also very loud, so loud I had to turn it off at night which then made the room far too warm.   The bed wasn't particularly comfortable and the tv was in such a place that it wasn't very easy to see.   Breakfast was good, plenty of options and hot you could see it had been freshly cooked.   I would not choose to stay there again if…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed 2 weeks ago and had a great stay! ,"Just stayed at this property for one night but had a great stay! Checkin was fast and efficient thanks to Evelin Pap who was great! She notice I was a Gold member and provided me with a great room, she also made me feel welcome being very bubbly and chatty! It was a shame I couldn't use much of the facilities but next time will make sure to stay longer. Only problem I had was I checked out and reviewed my bill after I departed the hotel and was charged for breakfast when it should have been complimentary. Didnt have time to call but will be in touch soon but it didnt ruin my stay overall.   Thanks again Hilton Kensington see you soon! ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Slept here because of the business trip to London and everything was fine, clean rooms with all the ammenities. I’ve stayed in a single bed standard room. They provide nice food and everything you need.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Neither 4 star hotel nor Hilton standards,"We were recommended this hotel because it is close to Westfield shopping-center. This is the only positive thing about this hotel (and polite staff off course). I’ve never been to a more shabby and rundown “4” star hotel, it’s actually a 2 star hotel. The beds are hard, the bathrooms are a disgrace and the entire hotel smells like mold and sometimes feces(!), probably because the bathrooms in particular lack proper ventilation. You also hear every sound from neighboring rooms, so your sleep gets disrupted continuously. I’ve stayed at many hotels both in London and other cities around the world, but this is the only hotel I truly cannot find one good thing to say about. ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very small room and in poor condition,"Despite frequently traveling to London and knowing that hotel rooms in the city are quite small, our room at Hilton Kensington was a negative surprise. We were lucky we only had hand luggage with us as there was no space to roll or place anything bigger than that.   In addition, our room (no 1067) was in a poor condition and the photos accompanying this post speak for themselves (quite shocking/disrespectful in our view!). When asking for a more decent room we were informed that the hotel was fully booked on the night of our arrival and they could only consider moving us for the second night (which was not worthwhile as we were visiting for 2 nights only, departing very early in the morning).   Later in the evening of our arrival, we were offered a voucher for a dinner for two…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Average ,"First; the good points. Location is really good, right next to Westfield Shopping Centre and about 5 tube stops into central London. Breakfast is also very nice with lots of choice and good quality food. Sadly, that’s where it ends. The decor in this hotel is very dated, especially in the bedrooms, which are on the small side. Our bathroom was particularly disappointing, very small and with a pathetic excuse for a shower, barely a dribble came out. Our beds were very high up and rock hard - the pillows, however, were nice and comfy.  If you’re looking for a good base in a good location, for a reasonable price, then this is probably your hotel. If you’re looking for a higher quality, modern hotel, then it most definitely isn’t. Would I stay here again? Think I’d pay a bit more…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old fashion but decent,"It is not a glamurous hotel quite old, however rooms are nice with reasonable space, little old but in good condition. We had to change 3 times our room due to different maintenance problems but staff has been really helpful and polite. Location was excellent very well connected with Central Line underground.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Arrived here after a beautiful cruise. The staff at the desk and concierge were very pleasant. Alas we arrived on the first floor where our room was allocated. The carpet in the hallway is filthy, also in the room. The bathroom door hadnt had a wipe in a long time also the door was rotten on the bottom obviously from water. The room smelt musty, all in all a very poor hotel apart from the location",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,a bit disappointed ,visiting London for  WTM and stayed during early November. was allocated a  small room double room although bigger rooms are available for the  same rate.  rooms need a refurb. service was good. the location is very convenient in terms of its proximity to Westfield and restaurants.,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but rooms need updating","We had a double room at this hotel and it was very small, you could barely move around in it. The rooms need a lot of updating, lots of scuffs and marks, however, the room is fine if you are literally there to sleep, its really close to the tube station and super close to Westfield shopping centre, which was great! Staff are super friendly and the lobby etc is very clean. One tip: Use the app ""just park"" to book parking at this hotel as we had it for half the price.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A BIT DISAPPOINTED,"Stayed at this hotel with my wife daughter and son in law on my retirement celebration weekend. The hotel reception was very plush and the booking in procedure was faultless,and although we were too early to obtain our rooms,our luggage was stored for us. Upon return, we collected our luggage and proceeded to our rooms via the lift- on entering our room, we were a bit disappointed at the tiredness of the decor,the bed was clean and comfortable,tea/coffee making facilities were adequate, nice flat screen TV,bathroom could have done with a thorough clean( shower glass still had splashes from previous occupant) and the towels, although clean,were very rough.toiletries were included,and shower was very nice. Was not impressed by the cost of the bottled water that had been…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff & great location for shopping at Westfield shepherds bush,"A great hotel to stay if you want to go shopping to Westfield at shepherds bush. The hotel is just 4minutes walk to this shopping center. The breakfast spread is good. It gets crowded in the breakfast area during weekends so better get there early to skip the long line of getting a table. I'm a Hilton Honors member so we get the free wifi so I suggest better sign up for membership to get better amenities. The bed is a bit hard for me and the pillows are a bit too soft. I believe you can request for a change of pillows. I was just too tired and sleepy to ask :-).  The best part of this hotel is the location, not too near the city center that it is not too busy and the bus stop to the city center is just across the hotel. All in all I'm pretty satisfied with this hotel. Will…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Used to be so much better... ,"This is my third visit to the hotel in 2017 (Bett there serveriltä time in the past few years). In spring I had a bad experience with an executive lounge and the manager askel me to give a second chance. I did stay in the hotel in a normal king room before my exe room revisit - just to see.  I will start by saying the hotel rooms and corridors a starting to really look like they need some paint, new carpet, some furnitude, even doors.... the sliding toilet door in my king room war horrible!   But about the lounge where we were earlier so badly treated with our guests... I was promised a better treatment. Yes, they did succeed on the first night, but the second night the same lady was there and nearly nothing had changed... unfortunately!  ... Needless to say, I don’t expect to…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small room, small bathroom, small closet ","Stay overnight in this hotel, check in and check out are easy, hotel staff are super friendly. Location is great, has a big shopping mall right across the street.   The room is very small, so is the bathroom, and closet are small as well. The bed is very comfortable, and has a fridge in the room ready for you to use.  Stay at end of the hallway. A long walk, but very quiet. After all, it’s a good stay. The only issue is I feel a little hard to move around in the small room. But I have to say, the staffs are very professional and friendly. Oh, and they do offer complimentary coffee, tea, and fruit at the common area behind the Check-in desk.  Good hotel over all, just wish my room is a little bigger that’s all. Thank you. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,smelly inaccessible accessible rooms,"the accessible rooms for the disabled are not accessible. They are so small a person in  a wheelchair cannot cross the room.  there just isn't space between the beds and the desk to get past.  the shower room was so small it was almost impossible to shut the door with the wheelchair inside.  One of the rooms had clearly had a water leak from the bathroom as the carpet was water damaged and stank of damp.  The sink still had a small leak going on and we had to put the waste bin under it for the night. For the prices of these rooms they were cramped even if the beds were very comfortable.  If you want an accessible room for a person in a wheelchair, don't waste your cash here, go to travelodge or premier inn.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly prfessional staff .,I have been to this lovely hotel many times since 2012. I am h.hilton member and always staying at any Hilton whenever I am traveling. Service is very good. The food is very well presented with good taste. Room is clean and tidy every day. Location is excellent for any accessibility to shopping or entertainment. Love always to stay at this hotel whenever I am in London   ,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,Excellent facilities clean comfortable taxis available at all times - staff very helpful friendly and professional. Restaurant food excellent - gift shop had a good range of products to suit all ages and family ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in Kensington,"I have stayed at the Hilton London Kensington 5-6 times now and each time it's been a delightful experience. The hotel is conveniently located for travel around London and the property itself is nice. The rooms are a little small by US standards, but they have everything you need to be comfortable. I definitely recommend this hotel for your visit to London. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend away.,This is the second time that we have stayed here we had such a lovely stay last year to celebrate my friends birthday. That we decided to come back again this year  to celebrate both are birthdays and once again the hotel was amazing only got back last nt but I had to let everyone know what a lovely hotel it is.   Checking in was gd as we checked in early.  Staff were so help everyone was. But i have to say a special thank you to Charlene who works on the front desk. She look after us so well and we thank her for all the help and treats that we were given she made are stay more perfect and I hope she gets a chances to read this.  You all do an amazing job and we will Defo see you again next year.   We stayed in room 5007 and it was lovely and tidy and the beds were comfortable.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good value.,"Not bad for a one night stay, handy for the tube( shepherds bush) and Westfield shopping centre. Needs a bit of paint on the rooms but very clean and tidy. would certainly return, it is good value for your money and the staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What a location.,We stayed here on a three night pre Christmas trip to London. The location is fantastic with the Westfield centre a short walk away. Transport links to the main attractions are good. If you like walking you can walk through Hyde Park to central London in about an hour. The hotel caters to a high end market but at reasonable prices will not make you feel out of place. I won't drop names but it was a new experience to have breakfast next to a Hollywood star. The only down side is that the rooms are small and dark but then we did stay on a budget.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,In need of a Refurbishment,"I stayed at this hotel in October during a trip to the UK.I usually stay in Marble Arch or Park lane area but decided to explore Kensington this time. As a elite Hilton honors member- I usually stay at Hilton family brands.From stepping into the front door It was evident that this Hilton (clearly franchise) property is lacking many of the touches of other Hilton Hotels in London. To even the untrained eye it was obvious the hotel has been re- branded from another lesser brand as the rooms are small,bathrooms tiny and in need of maintenance,hallways and public areas are also dated, scuff marks in vinyl, paint chipping in doors and elevator etc. The first room I was allocated was very small which is typical for London but the carpet had lots of stains and torn,overall poor…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good quality/price ratio,"Positive aspects: - quality/price ratio is good - quiet room, good sleep quality - wide choice at breakfast - professional and kind staff  Negative: - double room is rather small - extra charge for internet! - room window is locked, to chance to open it",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Older, Smaller, but the Staff really care about you","This is a bit of a hidden gem, five mins from the hammersmith tube station, in a nice location.  It is one of the older hiltons in the city, but does offer great value for money, OK you are slightly out from the main Hilton tourist areas, but the use is excellent, safe and cheap getting around London anyway  Rooms are slightly on the small side, but very well appointed - good executive lounge nice restaurant.  Good breakfast - all freshly cooked.  Staff attentive.  Yes they make mistakes now and then - but they do put them right very well and very quickly   Good hotel - if you want to enjoy london, and not pay a fortune to sleep - this is a hotel for you",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved it Here,"Came to this hotel last minute as another property did not work out. Fate was in our favor. The location is ideal, near a mall and a mile from Hyde Park and Notting Hill. It's a bit residential but far enough away from the bustle of the city. There's both a train station nearby and a bus stop right outside the door. Staff was very helpful and breakfast was included being a Gold member. We were also allowed to use the Executive Lounge. Room size was fair but it was easy to sleep there. It's a bit dated on the outside but once you enter it feels more modern.  Would surely go back if ever in London again.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel. Quality staff!,We arrived early at the hotel and had no problems leaving our luggage until we could check in. We had a few drinks at the bar and the staff there throughout our stay were superb. Such lovey people we really enjoyed our stay. Thank you. We will be back again. ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel,I stay in this hotel at least 20 nights per year and find it meets all my needs.  Close to Shepherds Bush and the Westvale Shopping centre its in a good location.  Whilst a little tired its still clean and the rooms are a good standard  Staff are very helpful and special mention to Gabriel on reception who is a credit to the hotel and always does his utmost to help me with requests for my preferred room.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best place in London,"This a great hotel. In a very safe area.  The rooms are normal American size.  The bus stop out front has one bus that goes straight to Parliament  and another that goes to Picadility  for shopping and theaters.  It is a short walk to Shepherds Bush Underground station for more easy travel.  Finally next to station is Westfiieled  Mall which is like a large American mall with many stores, restaurants and a large food court.   Also many restaurants in the area. This is my new home in London",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location but a bit overpriced ,Great location for this Hilton just nearby Shepard’s bush metro station. Warm welcome at the reception. The room are cozy but the furniture and the overall design look a bit old and out of fashion. A bit overpriced for the overall service. Room super clean. ,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Show Time,Me and my friends stayed here over 4 days to take in a show in London’s west end The hotel is located next to an underground tube station Shepherd’s Bush Tube Also next to the hotel is Westfield shopping centre I found the cost of the rooms were very reasonable for a London hotel  Lots of restaurants and bars nearby  The rooms were very comfortable and clean The staff were extremely friendly and helpful We did not book breakfast in hotel as quoted £17 per person was too much Once at the hotel they offered £14 per person that was again still too much There are places next to Westfield shopping centre minutes from hotel like cafe Leon that opened at 06-30am weekdays and 7am at weekends where you get a good choice of breakfast A great long weekend in London a great show and a great…,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Kensington, London",A very clean and comfortable hotel close to Westfield Shopping Centre and amenities in West London.  The staff are friendly and very helpful.  Breakfast is excellent. The rooms are modern and well serviced.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly and convenient ,"Couldn’t fault this hotel.  5min walk from Westfield shopping centre. Friendly, helpful staff. Nice clean rooms. Big, funky lobby.  Great breakfast- loads of choice and good quality. Will definitely be staying here again! ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Friendly Service ,We stayed at the Hilton on October 30th and had a pleasant stay.  The hotel was busy but reception were efficient and friendly booking us in.  The room was comfortable and warm and we had a quiet and peaceful nights sleep.  Some of the carpets were a little tired but overall the hotel is in a good state of repair.  The staff were polite and friendly and there to help when we needed them.   We did not have an evening meal there but walked five minutes to Westfield and then had tea in Wetherspoons in the View Complex which was very reasonably priced.  Breakfast at the Hilton was lovely. The choice was extensive and there was a good vegetarian selection.    All in all we enjoyed out stay.  ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great place, great people","Friendly and efficient service when checking in, provided great local information. Whilst decor is a little aged the hotel is very neat, clean and tidy. Rooms are well equipped and again well maintained. All staff were very friendly and welcoming. Rooms whilst not large were still very comfortable and very quiet. Well situated to shopping, restaurants and transport. Recommended. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This was my first time in London and this hotel was in a great location. It has a Hop On, Hop Off bus stop at the door and a normal bus stop too. It is within walking distance of Westfields.  The staff were very helpful and suggested places for me to visit.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant experience,"In London to receive MBE and the hotel fully met our requirements of convenience and accessibility.  The staff were so helpful, mannerly and nothing a bother.  We had an excellent experience from arrival to departure. Concierges were brilliant, particularly Rachid as nothing was a trouble; his knowledge and advice was gratefully received 👌and made our stay easy.  Thank you Rachid and everyone else",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, rundown property.","As mentioned in previous reviews the hotel is ideally located for getting around London. The hotel itself is a wreck. The approach is dreary and uninviting. The lobby is huge but with very little furniture. The furniture that was there is hard to describe. It looked as if it belongs in a frat house. Terribly beat up. It was thread bare in places so you could see the stuffing underneath.Actual holes and filthy dirty. I saw people eating  and changing diapers on the pieces. Please replace the lobby furniture.  Our room was an ""executive suite"". The first one we entered was dirty. The carpet was filthy and there was a hand smear of a sticky red substance, like jelly on the wall. Plus for being an executive suite it looked out on the heating and cooling units. We immediately…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfort,"Looking for a hotel in Londen during autumn break wasn't easy. We wanted a good hotel, where things are easy and nice and clean, not too much hassle and a possibility to take a stroll in a park when the city would be too much. We found the perfect place right next to Holland Park (what's in a name). The price was very reasonable, breakfast buffet was amazing and the service was merely fast and friendly. We will definitely go there the next time.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay in London,"We once again very much enjoyed our stay in The Hilton Kensington Hotel which always meets our expectations. It is clean, well run, well situated for easy access to the city and we'll be back again soon.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience,"Hotel Hilton Kensington has excellent location bus stop in front of hotel and short walking distance holand Park Sheperd's Bush tube. It is good value for money, Excellent breakfast. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Rooms were standard in comfort. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location & hotel which exceeded expectations,"For a bedroom factory which is essentially what it is, I was pleasantly surprised by the warmth of the welcome and attentiveness of the staff that I encountered.   The fabric of the hotel is getting a little jaded in places but it was for me excellent value for money, clean, warm and well located close to an underground station so I could get to wherever I wanted in minutes.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Seen better days...,"This place is your typical Hilton in one way- service attitude of personnel. I can confirm they all try hard to make sure you feel good.   However-  1. Hotel needs refurbishment- badly- carpets smell, lighting is from 20th century (mid), bathrooms and rooms are very small and also in bad need of refurbishing. 2. Executive lounge- either make it bigger (it was full of ppl most of the times) or revise your upgrade policy.  Gym and sauna- need cleaning refurbishing.  Not my beat Hilton experience but not because of service.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired dated but clean,Tired dated clean hotel from the 80s staff at breakfast very rude but quick check know in  Cardiff parking good but expensive underground gym tiny but clean as we're the rooms  4 star at best overall a good stay for €140,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business stay at Hilton Kennsington,Hotel is in a convenient location.  Facility is starting to look weary but is in relatively good shape.  The Executive Lounge is typically relaxing except when the staff allow small children to run wild through the place.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A sweat box,Boiling hot hotel.  Air con control lights flashing all night.  Room never cooled. Old hotel that needs a major refurb.  Considering the location this place needs knocking down and starting again.  I won’t return. ,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"was upgraded to Execuitive room and Executive Lounge during my stay, staff very attentative, rooms very spacious and ideal, breakfast spot on, ideal location, can be a little noisy from the road however would stay again without a doubt.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"Checkin was easy, the room was clean, but small, and definitely needs some modernising! Had a room on the 4th floor which was high enough to eliminate most of the outside noise when the window was open, but with it closed, it was very quite - apart from the constant sirens, which is understandable staying in London.  The breakfast was very good! Good buffet selection, as well as an option of meals cooked for you on request as well - pancakes, waffles and omelettes. We didn't manage to try the restaurant for dinner as it was raining most days so without a bookings, there wasn't any space - it's not a massive restaurant since Westfield is just a 5 minute walk away, and there's loads of restaurants there!  A good stay overall, I just wish that they handed out cookies like they do…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I really wanted to like it....,"But I have to say I was disappointed. One the positive side, the location was great and the neighborhood is lovely. Front desk people were very nice. And near a big new mall. The room was tiny and clean. But... the concierge staff were only mixed help, some wiling others not. They were unbelievably chintzy with the towels and twice had to request more. And the door stuck so badly I had to body slam to open it (the front desk person came up with me to role model how to do it). They didn’t clear out the dirty dishes and I called four times before they answered the phone. They promised to bring up the glasses but didn’t... so I had to call a fifth time. I booked through Costco but won’t book this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip to London,"The hotel is convenient due to its location. The rooms are small and old. It should be upgraded soonest. The toilets are also small and had door that shuts automatically which makes it quite suffocating during a shower. The carpets are old and offering a pair of slippers in the room would have been nice. Breakfast of ok. After a long day it’s good to be able to sit down in your room. As the room are tiny, I find myself sitting on the bed as my luggage is on the chair. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,cool stop and go,We love to party and sight see and shop!This hotel was amazing but kept us away from the chaos so we can set into relaxation! They were friendly yet down to earth approachable staff. This was my second time staying at the hotel and the good news is there are plenty to pick from so it will be my last time.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just lovely,"Don't worry that this hotel was first built in the 1970s - Star Wars, The Bee Gees and Black Forest Gateau are other 70s institutions.  The hotel is very clean; the staff charming. The hotel is situated in beautiful Kensington and it is easy to get everywhere due to fab transport links.  They are upgrading parts but this caused us no problems whatsoever. I would recommend for both business and pleasure.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Business Stay,"I had very important business meeting in london city, My company booked room for me at hilton kensington for 3 days business meeting. I did welcome and host my guests proudly . I had successful meeting with excellent quality service of hilton hotel .",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ms,"Very dissappointed. Poorly maintained. Tatty foyer furniture. Carpets needed a good hoover. Our bathroom door didnt close (5058). Door too big!. Needs a hugh renovation. Staff lovely, breakfast great. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stopover hotel,Hotel has definitely improved since the last time we stayed here.  Staff were much more friendly and welcoming.  Rooms were comfortable and we had a good nights sleep.  The hotel is very central and easy to get in an out of London.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for money but creaky beds,"Rooms are small but good standard, ironing board, tea and coffee in the room. Big screen tv. Good insulation - no noise from other rooms. Very good and comfortable a/c. Cleaning was very good. Breakfast was excellent - you could order your own breakfast without extra cost. Beds were a bit narrow and small and creaky.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Great hotel and staff.  Good amenities and services.  Hotel showing its age, but, otherwise, an excellent choice and extremely well located near all public transportation and shopping needs and eateries.  Hotel food was superior as well.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfy and clean, nothing spectacular","I stayed here for 2 nights in September.  The room had everything you need, fridge, kettle, hairdryer, towels, safe, shampoo etc, tv. The king sized bed was lovely to sleep in and the hotel was quiet, room is a little on the small side.   It is literally a 5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush Underground station.  I would recommend this hotel. We didn't get breakfast here as we thought it was a bit pricey!",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not quite Hilton standar,"I found some notes I made at the time of my stay, which granted was a while ago now, so hopefully these issues have been rectified.   Tried to call 4 different areas and none of them answered. The guest services button was taking you to a reservations hotline. The housekeeping was actually room service and rather than put me through themselves or say they will arrange for my water to be delivered, they asked me to dial zero.   Foreign plug socket next to bed. Fine if you want to have foreign sockets for travelling guests but have a UK one as well so the locals can charge their phone, etc, when in bed!",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Poor value for money, shoe box room","My wife booked the hotel for a night in London, solely due to the fact we were blown away by the standard of the Hilton in NYC we stayed at recently.  How wrong we were. The room was tiny, bed uncomfortable and noisy and the little touches, like free bottled water by the bed were completely missing.  London for hotels is awful unless you are prepared to pay £300 for the night and this is no different. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My problem with the Hilton Group is this,Not so much this hotel but Hilton in general.... Branding is about consistency... I had to ask for breakfast to be included and also lounge access... I used to have a diamond and now have a gold - so was told l no lounge access even though room upgrade.  some places I went recently say continental only and I stay in Asia and everything seems to be great.. so this year I went to IHG - I stayed 75 nights there for a Spire Elite Card and IHG is very consistent... get your brand sorted out and consistent and not down to site managers .. oh year one bottle of free water for 4 night stay ? really,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quiet hotel at the Royal Bourough of Kensington And Chelsea,"Situated right on the Holland Park Avenue, with easy access to the Shepherd Bush transportation hub for undergroud, overground, train and bus transportation. Westfield, the largest shopping and restaurant complex is just across the street. Shepherd Bush market and Portobello market are 20 minutes walk away. Guestroom is small but sufficient. Breakfast is full of choice and you can make your own coffee and tea. Gym with sauna and steam room at the basement is excellent relaxation.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great room, great location and the ""executive club"" (option/upgrade) is excellent!","I booked here when it was ""on offer"" and closer in price to budget alternatives and so glad I did! Great stay here, the room was clean and well appointed and I was upgraded (joined) the executive club which means free drinks and breakfast between certain times which will save you a fortune as drinks in the standard bar are not reflective of standard pub prices (much more expensive!) That said, I'd stay here again any time.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very well located,This hotel is very well located just close to Hyde Park. it includes all services you can expect from a Hilton hotel. Very good breakfast with a lot of choice. The rooms are a bit small but it is London. Very kind and nice staff.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great night ,"Spent a great night in this Hilton hotel. The service was at a high quality as expected, however the prices was my only disappointment as they didn't reflect what was advertised on the website. But overall I enjoyed my stay there, I definitely recommend it! ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Renovations and service improvements needed. ,"The rooms are quite dated and need serious improvements / renovations. The bathrooms in particular. Also, strangely, no hand towels?   The service definitely needs some changes: - peak period of Monday evening check in, and only 2 people operating the desks - breakfast had only one person operating the desk and taking people to their tables causing long lines - room cleaning started before 8am but I was asleep?! - safe in a fairly high and inaccessible spot.   Overall, the rooms and service need improvements. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend with friend,Have stayed at the Kensington Hilton London on numerous occasions and always thoroughly enjoyed the stay.  We book Executive so have use of the Executive Lounge which is so good. Hotel is so well situated for Westfield shopping centre and very frequent buses from outside the hotel into London town.  A really good place to stay,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient if you don't mind dirty too,"Very convenient to bus line & subway for all sites, Westfield mall with restaurants & shops. Breakfast was very good. BUT we stayed two different nights and both rooms were dirty. Shower backed up, make up and hand prints on bathroom door, door frame wobbly, yelling in halls both nights, carpet filthy- keep your shoes on !  I could go on. Luckily I had Clorox wipes with me.  Too bad as it's a good location & staff were generally pleasant.  Wi-fi included for 1 hour even with Hilton honors.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Get it together, Hilton","As a business traveler, this is the hotel selected by my company ( which was contacted to come investigate) so have no choice but to stay here a few times a month...Place is really old, outdated, unclean and unkept, as pictures show...a picture is worth a thousand words...please note it wasn’t just one room as I’ve stayed in different rooms, same experience and some of these pictures are actually of public areas such as lobby area...",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton ,"Stayed here for one night in a twin bedded  room. Location good as just a few minutes from Westfield shopping centre. Nice quiet room, clean but I do object to paying £3.95 for a bottle of water! Didn't sleep well as bed very hard. Bar staff a bit slow and they run out of pineapple juice and Tanquery.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Overall 4 stars, (location 5)","Stayed with other colleagues some were not happy with rooms I was , perhaps it was my smile and good manners at reception that gained me a decent room ..........  a busy hotel reception that was well staffed on arrival and departure , a minor query was dealt with in seconds by housekeeping. A decent car park right under the hotel with very easy access into the hotel, this and the hotel location for transports links gives it 10 out of 10 for convenience. Breakfast was excellent as was lunch but standards expected in the west end .",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,fab,many thanks for a great stay. After a long day working I found myself relaxing in the comfy bed and enjoyed a great night's sleep. breaskfast was as expected and in general I have nothing to say buty many thanks.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice comfortable hotel,"Nice hotel, not overly central but very close to Westfield for shopping and Shepherd's Bush tube station is about 7/8 minutes' walk away which is on the central line so gets you to the West End with about 6 stops. As usual with a Hilton the bedding is good quality and has a pillow menu which is important for me.  Would recommend",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recent business trip,"Good safe location, easy access to two tube stations and only a few minutes walk from Westfield shopping centre. Room was clean and comfortable but some of the fixtures and fitting were becoming to look a little tired and worn . Would stay here again due to its good location ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"uhh, OKAY","The location is great. Its near transportation, shopping and Kensington parks which was A+.  It was easy access to other attractions. The rooms are smalls however, is not an issue for me as I stayed in smaller rooms in Paris.  The room could use deep cleaning on the carpet and walls. I felt a little nervous stepping on the floor; and new curtain panels should be up. ohh, the room needed to be dusted too. Over all, its decent because of the location.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,O.K. but has shortcomings,"My wife and I stayed four nights in late September. We used it as a base to sightee. Location is great for all modes of transport and very close to Westfield shopping centre, which is a great experience. However the accommodation fell short for us as the standard size bedroom we were in was very small and the shower room even smaller. For two people it really is a sqeeze and we are not big people. For the price we have stayed in similar hotels and enjoyed far more space. We only ate breakfast at the hotel which was very good - it caters for all tastes and cultures. The staff are very efficient and helpful. The public area decor could do with a makeover to bring it into the 21st century. In fact the hotel does what it says on the tin but really does fall short on room sizing.…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs renovation,"Have stayed at this hotel several times in the past few years and keep hoping next time the room will be refurbished.  This year was the worst yet....dirty carpet, rusty shower rod, finish peeling off the tub, stained sink faucet, worn out furniture and a musty smell.  Only positive were comfortable beds.  Lobby, bar, and lounge are nice and it's in a great location.  Every Hilton in continental Europe I've stayed at has been lovely but Hilton is failing badly in keeping this hotel up to 4 star standards.  Guess they figure as long as guests keep coming, why bother. Well, this guest (Hilton Gold Member) won't be back until the rooms are refurbished.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ravens Jags in London,"Traveled to London for the Ravens game and stayed at the Hilton Kensington.  The rooms are smaller than the US, but I had a 2 room suite that was nice.  Other than the issues with keys as they upgraded all the doors, the hotel staff was wonderful. The front desk at the concierge were great and made the trip even better.  I will certainly stay there my next time in London.  The Subway and a large mall is walking distance away so travel was very easy.  The hop on hop off tour stopped across from the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good,"Quite better rooms as compared to London city standards. nice bathrooms decent space to stay for one person , clean hotel, good location, close to Hyde park . If you are alone it's a good location to spend time at Hyde park . U will be less busy taking selfies with ur buddy and enjoy the peace ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Effective but not worthy of Hilton Name,Though we didn't spend much time in the hotel - we were there to sightsee of course; was very disappointed by the look of this hotel inside. Didn't have a consistent look - the deluxe rooms look like standard rooms five years ago. I didn't have an issue with space as it is Europe but felt this is not worth the hilton name. Breakfast was fine. Good hotel to sleep at not to spend the day at.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good,The Room had everything we needed. Room size and price was average for London. The staff were kind and helpful and we received bottles of water on arrival. Good location for traveling to Wembley. Have stayed here before and will happily stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not value for money,"Title suggest all... No wifi in the room, rooms and toilets are too tiny, furniture is old enough..It requires makeover. No complementry water bottles in the room. One of the elevators require serious maintenance. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Posh,High Level of Style. Very Posh. Treated like royalty. Clean well stocked rooms. High security. Great location for shopping and dining. Breakfast was great and the staff were friendly.  Street was a very busy but you did not hear it in the rooms.  Taxi's were available 24 hours a day out front.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Booking request go be wrong,"We booked a double room many months prior to arrival. Upon arrival, we were given a twin room with the excuse, when challenged, that the double was too small! The desk clerk acted like a twin was what we booked and it was on,y after we challenged this that he made the excuse. This was not a last minute booking.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst ever Hilton experience in my life,"A falling into pieces, dirty, smelly, with tiny tiny tiny!!!!! noisy rooms hotel Never ever again will dare to come this hotel!  The gym is a disaster! The quality of services you get for the money you pay is just from another planet Really bad!!!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Moths in room,"There was a moth infestation in the room and after we had killed around 20, yes TWENTY, tiny wool eating moths, we decided that the motheaten carpet area under the mesh grill under the fridge told us that this had been going on for a long time! We told reception and were given another room, however there were one or two of the same size moths in that room and I saw one or two in the corridor, so they may have been in a larger more widespread area than just our original room. I fail to understand why the staff who service the rooms cannot bring this to the notice of their supervisor or management, and I also realise that many of the staff are from other countries and cultures, however, surely there must be moths in most countries. The staff though, on the whole were very good and…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,"Loved it and would recommend to other family, friends and co-workers when visiting London. This by far was my best trip abroad. Got to see Buckingham Palace, Park, West Minister Abbey, Big Ben, The Eye, London Bridge and shopped at the Westfield Mall which is up the street from the hotel. Also took a one day trip to Paris!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't believe the negative comments,"This was a great hotel for the value. This booking was made through a group excursion (Baltimore Ravens Club). When I read some of the trip advisor comments, I was quite apprehensive about our first London trip. However we arrived to find a very pleasant and pleasurable experience (excepting the Ravens lost to Jacksonville). The hotel was very clean; including our room and common areas. The general staff was quite pleasant; the concierge was excellent; the breakfast selection had a great variety and was well prepared; the room was quiet and general appearance was above average. We had one minor concern but it is not worth the noting the effect of the over call experience. Those individuals that  have posted negative comments need to book at the Ritz Carlton and then they can pay…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old dated and practically nothing near by. ,This hotel is like something from the ninetys. Unreal the can charge so much for such poor rooms.  Old load fans instead of A/C ...really.  Now I thought the restaurant was overpriced as most hotels are   So ventured out. Found a pub grub place -average at best. Diner and 1 pint and 2 glass of win cost me an incredible 38 pounds.      What ? If u r hear god 1 night ... whatever. If u r here for more.  Look elsewhere !,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"This is NOT a typical Hilton hotel, do not stay","Do not stay at this Hilton if you are expecting a hotel of typical Hilton accommodations, particularly in the size and quality of the guest room.  I regularly stay at Hilton properties and particularly like Hampton Inn and Suites (I live and travel a lot in the US).  This is a subpar Hilton property at best and not a good representation of the brand.  I would not stay at this hotel again, though do not judge all Hilton properties based on this one alone.  Usually Hilton properties (in the US anyway) are good properties.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Horrible - Staff Nightmare,"This was a terrible experience!!  MY LUGGAGE HANDLE GOT BROKEN WHEN MY LUGGAGE WAS LEFT WITH THE CONCIERGE.  When asking calmly the Concíerge what happened, the staff not only was unhelpful, but ACCUSED me of leaving the bag there with a broken handle!  Also, there were too many Conferences happening and the same time, which meant there were not enough bathrooms for all the people attending to all Conferences.  Avoid this Hotel like the Plague!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good in parts ,"Difficult to score this hotel as it is a real mixed bag with some good and not so good parts:   Positive - near Westfield and the tube, friendly staff and concierge, executive lounge offering (bar with free wine and spirits plus food) was very good, extensive breakfast, reasonably quiet given location, lots of free tea/coffee/muffins/smoothies, hotel is in the process of being refurbished, secure car parking beneath hotel (£35 a day), food in bar was good (restaurant was closed but full menu available in bar)  Negative: very dated bedrooms and corridors (see photos with peeling wallpaper ) - lots of examples of marked/frayed furniture in hotel rooms and communal areas - plus stained chairs and carpets. The whole hotel needs some TLC (tender loving care), side of hotel barricaded…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not sure if I would stay again,A quite small room and its sound-proof is sub-standard - you can hear noise from other rooms and an aisle quite easily.  Have to be in queue for breakfast every morning. Sofas in lobby are not clean. Guests were too loud every night in the bar. Not a good place for relaxing and staying after your biz trip.,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awsm meeting,Have a great weekend there with my friends and family and after that my business meeting which was awesome with my friends only  Enjoyed a lot and planning to go there once again my mind was refreshed .,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent concierge service,"Upon reaching Heathrow for my flight I realised I left my travel documents including my passport in the hotel safe. With two hours to go before my flight, I called the hotel for the concierge and was connected to Antony who arranged for their car service to bring me my documents. Not only was Antony super helpful in arranging all this, the price for the direct delivery was much cheaper than I expected and certainly cheaper and faster than myself doing a return trip with the Heathrow Express plus taxi. So thank you Antony (and Suleman the driver) for the great service!",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good,"Great location, nice staff, comfortable rooms, decent breakfast buffet. Interiors are a bit worn out which wasnt a big concern for me. Overall good value for money, Would most probably stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Again it is an excellent hotel,We been staying at the Hilton Kensington now for over 5 years.  We always return. Because you know why.  We are so happy when we are at the Hilton Kensington.  It just feels good.   You walk around the staff treats you like Royalty.    The staff  are just happy people and that show in their work at the Hilton Kensington.  That makes a very big difference.  It just a fun hotel.   We love it.   The location is excellent. You can walk everywhere. Or take a cab Uber or even the bus    The bus is right in front of  the hotel. The tube across the street at this wonderful Shopping Center.     Your enjoy your stay at the Hilton Kensingtonin London.   We do and been back the last five years and believe me we would not stay anywhere else in London,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2 Night Stay for pleasure in London.,"My wife & I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions over many years and we  have never failed to be impressed by both the staff & the food.Again on our recent visit it came up to expectations.It is so convenient for getting in to central London with a bus stop right outside the door & a tube station 10mins away . Also within 5 mins walk is the Westfield shopping mall which includes a variety of eating places,The hotel has always prided itself in serving the ""Best breakfast in Town "" & it still lives up to that reputation, Thoroughly recommend staying here.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad example of a Hilton,"The worst bed comfort I've ever experienced (and I sleep on an orthopedic mattress) + dirty floors, stained carpets, dusty bathroom, half the staff are useless and half are excellent.   Great location but choose somewhere else... not worth the rate.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,hilton kensington,was great hotel but not anymore staff is terrible in 3 days we have more problems then in other hotels in a year the biggest problem in my point of view is staff and attitude they are not interested in customers and enjoy themselves more,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tarnishes the Hilton Brand,"I chose the Hilton based on it's reputation. However, this hotel compromises the epitome of what Hilton represents.   Walking into the hotel is like stepping into a time warp. The decor is very tired and dated, probably around the early-mid 90's.  On arrival I was given a key to a room on the seventh floor but when I opened the door I was surprised to find that it was already occupied. I went back down to reception and the staff claimed that it was a ""system error"". This was not only a frustrating experience (after travelling from Australia) but also a significant security concern; the fact that I had access to an occupied room.  I booked an executive suite (which included access to the executive lounge). While the facilities provided by the lounge were good, the lounge was…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,convenient and friendly,"a very convenient hotel at a reasonable price close to many amenities with mostly helpful and friendly staff I have been using this hotel for many years and find the location close to 2 tube stations, near Westfield shopping centre with many restaurants. Staff are very friendly the gym is open 24 hours ,breakfast has healthy food section good value for money and great for meetings and conferences.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what you would expect from a Hilton sadly,"First off some of my comments are a comparison as an experience between this hotel and the Kensington Olympia hotel which we've stayed at a number of times in recent years. This was our first stay at this hilton and it will be our last.  We've always stayed at the Hilton Olympia hotel in the past being for its location when the GBBF is on every august, due to pricing fluctuations on booking the hotel for this years trip to London decided to book this one, no cheaper than previous stays (5 nights Saturday to Thursday) but our go to hotel had escalated in price, being only a mile further out and being a Hilton you would expect it to be a relative mirror to the other.  Firstly on entering the hotel it's very clean and smart looking, all meets the expected standards at this…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very tired hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights recently, bedroom on 2nd floor. Very small room with highly stained carpets, and at a cost of nearly £200 which didn't include breakfast I thought was very over priced. Friendly staff and 5 min walk to tube station ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the headlines. It's very average ,"Kensington and Hilton are two names that make you think of class and sophistication. Unfortunately the location is more Shepard's bush and is not very desirable, and the hotel  is very tired and worn out.    Bad bits Small rooms Wallpaper falling off and general poor decoration in rooms and corridors Skirting board falling off.  Dangerous The air con in the gym isn't very cool and looks like it should have been serviced 10 years ago Toilet broke TV never worked Drama over room keys(which the staff are trying to support) £6 a pint Small overpriced food portions and 12.5% service charge The bar staff expect you to sit down, and the table service can be very slow.  I just want to walk up to a bar get a drink and find my own seat please.  GOOD bits Good executive lounge, friendly…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for money ,I stayed here for two nights as was attending an event at Hyde park and this was the nearest and best deal from Hilton . I upgraded my room to a king executive after I booked on the app and this was a very wise decision as you also get the access to the executive lounge on the ground floor . I would highly recommend this as it's worth the extra you can have breakfast snacks cakes and after 6:30pm more snacks and alcoholic drinks are served until 8:30pm . I really enjoyed the lounge . Although a little tired this hotel is in a great location and Holland Park tube is nearby making it easy to get around London . Would think about staying again here with the right deal . ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"I have stayed at this hotel on many occasions and continue to return because of its good location close to Holland Park tube and with the option of buses directly in front of the hotel. The rooms are small, like many London hotels, but on this visit I found our room looking neglected, with chips in the furniture and wear and tear obvious. The shower had poor pressure and not very hot water.  Disappointing, because I like the hotel and the staff are pleasant, but the 7th floor at least looks like it needs a good refurbishment.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"As a solo traveller its nice to find a hotel that makes you feel comfortable, this is a lovely hotel with friendly and helpful staff. Airy and Comfortable room with good size bathroom.  Delicious breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sadly lacking,Very poor accommodation bearing the Hilton brand & in an affluent area. Totally unexpected!!  Breakfast & coffee lukewarm & overpriced. Very good concierge service & lovely area. Would not recommend this hotel. Not what one would expect from a Hilton property!,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of our favorite hotels,We stay here whenever we visit London. Excellent location; wonderful staff. There were just a few minor things that weren't up to par.  The best thing is the free upgrade. The use of the executive lounge is also a big plus. We'll be back. ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Three night stay ,Stayed Monday through Thursday.  Welcomed as Gold member but no upgrade of room and Exec Lounge for Diamond members only.  Room 2022 allocated was clean and tidy- need to insert your room card in lift for it to move.  Room on second floor. Wifi worked well and overlooked front of hotel. Air con was tad noisy but did work well.  No sky sports on the tv channel list. :(   From Shepherds Bush tube about 5 min walk.  Used the gym as well as Steam room.   Breakfast was typical fare and all adequate for my needs.  Ordered foam pillows via App check in. They never came which was poor if a simple task can't be heeded.... didn't bother mentioning on way out.  The hotel was fine for my meetings and location.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"This was a great hotel to stay in. It was close to the airport, had nice rooms with a nice bathtub, a good breakfast, was close to the tube and the hop on hop off bus. The staff were lovely and very helpful",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ludicrously hit and miss,"I've stayed here three times in the past few weeks and it is ridiculously hit and miss in terms of how good my stay has been. Sometimes the staff are fantastic, the rooms nice and everything works.   Other times, as has happened most recently, the staff give the impression that you've done something to offend them, things don't work and lies are told by the reception.   It's a total roll of the dice in terms of what the stay will be like! ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Experience,"I checked in late hours and the front desk has was extremely nice. Smooth checkin, i had booked a junior suite but it had only one toilet on my request they moved us to the suite with two toilets. Every thing is very close by and best part is bus station right outside the hotel. Best concierge and staff so helpful.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Oana,"Hotel seems hidden away and does not look 'Grand' on the outside. Reception looks a lot better, and check-in was good.   The walk to the room is interesting with wallpaper literally falling off in the hallway. I instantly wondered why they didnt glue it back down just to tidy it up a bit?? Outside my room was a pile of use dishes ... okay I thought, they must have just cleaned my room and they will be taken away.   My room was small but had everything I needed.   The gym was in the basement, dark, dingy, not great, but again, it had the equipment you need.   The executive lounge was good, but super busy. The food there was not so nice but they have a generous happy hour.    Breakfast was excellent, my only complaint is the tables are super small. So small you cannot eat and read…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Old hotel, nice staff","I stayed here three nights total. The hotel staff are all extremely friendly and accommodating. The restaurant serves up a plentiful breakfast and the dinners are very tasty with a nice selection for everyone's palates. The hotel rooms are small and clean, but are in desperate need of repair and upgrades. My bathroom door wouldn't close. The showerhead bracket was broken. And, despite a visit from maintenance, the room temperature was quite warm without working air conditioning. Carpets were terribly worn. It's just a tired old hotel with a nice staff and in a decent location. It is close to the underground (Shepherd's Bush) and a bus stop is across the street. The very elegant Westfield Mall with a grocery store and several affordable dining options is close by. I think the…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what a Hilton should be,"Old extremely small rooms in need of updating.  View out window of another roof.  Bathroom small even by London standards.  No exec floor for Gold members, Diamond only.  Bar lacks any character.  Really disappointing for a Hilton.  Will not be back.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hassle Free,"No problems with the hotel, location, service. Staff in the Executive Lounge kept the food and drink flowing, albeit within the allotted times. Next time, I will ask for a room which doesn't face the road - the sun never reaches the front of the hotel and gives the impression that the room is dark and dingy.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly,Enjoyed a one night stay at this hotel. The room was comfortable and clean ( maybe could do with some decoration touch ups ) and plenty bit enough. The breakfast had great choices and was very tasty. The staff were helpful and very welcoming. A lovely place to stay. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK Stay,"Couldn't decide on a 3 or 4 rating. There are some nice things about this hotel. Good location. Underground stop about a ten minute walk  from hotel and the Westfield Mall is right next door with lots of dining options. A great staff, efficient and helpful. Six elevators so short wait times. The breakfast was one of the best we've had in our many hotel stays. Great selection of foods and large area so easy to move from station to station. The rooms were only a (3) but were comfortable and the bedding and bed average. Typical sized room, not much space to move around. Room next door had some sort of problem so a high pitch whine came from it when we were trying to go to sleep. Other than this little other outside noise.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shopping at Westfield ,"If you wanting a hotel close to the Westfield shopping centre this is a great place to stay for location only 100 yards away 4 minute walk max but if you want luxury then no , the hotel is showing its age small rooms baths and crying out for a face lift but do not get me wrong still a good Hilton hotel for its beds , service and staff and  breakfast ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay for the shopping center ,"Service is great at this Hilton we where very happy with our suite which was well appointed and comfortable. The executive lounge is excellent the staff there where so friendly and helpful, it has a wide range of drinks in the happy hour.  The location is great for a shopping weekend or for central london.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff,"Wonderful helpful staff.  The only down side is the rooms and bathrooms are a bit in the small side, but adequate for most travelers  The location is not central London, but the taxi service is plentiful to anywhere you might like to go.   The hotel,is just a block or so from a mega sized shopping mall with every conceivable kind of store.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Restaurant  Food....never again!!,"Had friends from overseas so visited and decided to eat in hotel. A mistake!!  We had a Seafood Platter whjch was reasonable, but!!  A Thyme and Courgette soup was a tasteless green liquid,so most returned uneaten. Onion Rings were very little onion and a lot of thick batter. A Beef Hamburger was grossly overdone so very hard to cut(!!) and the accompanying fries arrived quite cold in a metal cup. We will not eat there again.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Staff - always able to help,"I have been staying in this hotel almost  one year now due to Business commitments, it is old, shabby - but - very homely primarily due to the great staff they have. Nothing is ever too much bother. Rooms are comfortable, beds are decent and firm. Breakfast is a delight, with a large choice for all. Executive Lounge is very convenient and a great place to meet fellow travellers and business types. The staff here are very good.  A perfect location to stay in London with great transport links to just about anywhere.  A swimming pool would be nice? Space in the basement? Keep up the great work and service. Thank-you to all.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average stay ,"Stayed here for one night at the end of august, i had booked a deluxe twin room and to be honest there was nothing deluxe about it. The check it was good, our room was tiny, beds were hard. The bathroom looked grubby, shower curtain falling apart. No free wifi which is surprising. The breakfast was good, we didn't have it included in the room, so the overall price was very expensive.  The hotel itself is nice, looks modern but they need to sort out the rooms. Ours was more of a standard room, not deluxe. It is in a good central location but if I was coming to London again I would look for another hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short break,"Stayed in junior suite excellent for a family of four. With king sized bed and pull out sofa bed. Bedroom had small fridge to put drinks in. We had access to executive lounge with free drinks, soft and alcoholic  and canapés at certain times of day. Great value with breakfast included. The cons where room was not cleaned very well before our stay, found peanuts on the floor and I am allergic. No stairs available And i hate taking lifts. Near to Westfield shopping centre and easy access to other parts of London. Overall ok hotel executive suite would make me use this hire again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"I go here every year, i love it","For carnival, this hotel is perfect. In a really nice part of London, and walking distance from almost everything you need. This is including the Notting Hill Carnival. The staff are awesome, and always willing to help.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, perfect location.","All staff are friendly and polite. Nothing is too much trouble. Rooms are clean and great, no noise from traffic at all outside. Breakfast was fantastic, cannot wait to return to the hotel. Great location as we attended carnival and it took 5 minutes walk.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay somewhere else!,"The rooms at this hotel are very small even those with executive access. The furniture is chipped, stained and watermarked.Still use shower curtains. Needs  an overhaul. The beds are very hard. Lovely staff in exec lounge.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,How small is your room?,"This room is the worst I have had in a many long time in London. No complimentary water in the room, impossibly nosey, air con, lingering damp smell. Take your custom else where. Check-in staff friendly but unfamiliar with the checkin system and 2 Stuart Wilson's staying in the same hotel seemed to baffle them. ""You appear to have booked 2 rooms!""",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"Don't pay the £30 upgrade to use the executive lounge not worth it, poor canapés just 1 hot item that being veggie spring rolls. Other food was small salad, chorizo, bread rolls and cheddar cheese, later they brought the blue cheese. Breakfast average also, best paying for breakfast and eating in the main restaurant, far greater selection. No fresh bread just pre sliced bread, very few items to choose from and coffee from a machine.  Staff in the executive lounge are very good and helpful. ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A wonderful hotel in London,I live the location. Holland park is a beautiful part of London. You walk across the street and you have Sheppard Bush Westfield Mall.  Any type of transportation can at your doorstep.    The Hilton Kensington staff makes you feel so at home.  Your love the way they treat you.    It is a wonderful hotel ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Relaxing, enjoyable stay - will be back!","I booked this hotel for my parents who stayed there between the 25th of May - 1st of June, earlier this year. They absolutely loved it, the location, the hotel, the executive lounge - they got everything that they hoped for and had a relaxing break. One person that stood out on their stay and made all the difference was Jyothi. First of all, prior to their arrival I called the Hilton a few times as I had booked a double guest room so I wanted to ask whether this was actually sizeable enough - the answers were quite standard, that the room was of course ok and that if possible they will be upgraded on check in depending on availability. On one of the occasions when I called, I was lucky enough to get Jyothi who had a totally different approach. She did say that the room was big…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay,"Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights on a room only basis. All the staff very lovely and the location was really good. It was a 5 minute walk to the huge Westfield shopping centre which is next to Shepherd's Bush train station.  The rooms were comfortable.  We had a super kingsize bed which was very comfortable. There was a tv, tea/coffee making facilities with shortbread, ironing board and iron, small fridge and there was complimentary still and sparkling water.  In the bathroom there was complimentary toiletries, but I did feel the bathroom was needing upgraded.   We did experience a problem with one of our rooms but this was efficiently rectified with the reception staff.  I would use this hotel again and would recommend it too.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Booked using points. Won't waste them again,"Where to start? First impression are quite good, the place looks grand, and the reception area good and clean. Checked in with no issues, even informed that I had been upgraded to a 'suite' and due to being a member, also had access to the lounge. It was at this point that I was suitably impressed as this meant I could get some complimentary soft drinks (yay!)   Anyway, get to the room, open the door and step in. I have been in bigger, nicer and newer B&B's and pubs with hotel rooms!!!  The 'suite' was tiny, and the bathroom? Well you opened the door and it smacked against the bath! Bed was comfy and every thing clean, even if it was tired and shabby (veneer coming off of desk and 'leather' peeling off of desk chair).   Went to the lounge at 7.30 and not only was it packed, but…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Favourite hotel,"I love the Hilton Kensington and stay here as often as I can.  Location is ideal if you like to shop as it is located 5 minutes walk away from Westfield Shopping mall. The area of Holland Park is very pleasant and tubes within easy reach get you anywhere you need to go with ease.   Rooms are clean, spacious with lovely showers. Tv is huge and the rooms have all you would expect. Bed is a little hard for my liking but I'm sure others will disagree.   I've been staying here for many years now and would say that this is my favourite Hilton Hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London.,"Quiet location away from hustle and bustle of London City. Great bus & train services on doorstep. Friendly, helpful staff. Excellent buffet breakfasts.Concierge went out of his way to help.Recommend.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst hotels,"I stayed here on August 15th for one night and this was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.   The rooms were extremely hot and the air that comes out of the AC was warm. When you crack the window open the AC shuts off. When I asked the front desk for a solution they just offered a fan so I could recirculate warm air.  The AC in the lobby and the basement of the hotel worked fine. I would have been better off sleeping in the lobby. I asked another hotel guest in the elevator if their room was hot and her reply was YES!!! My 5 co workers had hot rooms as well.  The carpet was worn out and dirty with stains all over. The air filters had caked on dust and the bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned for weeks. Plus in the morning had a spider come visit me, hence I had…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and good breakfast ,I stayed here with my partner a few months ago. The room was small and had some damp in it but apart from that the stay was comfortable and breakfast was delicious with a great range of vegetarian food and hot and cold selection.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in London ,"This is a nice hotel located close to Westfields in Shepherds Bush.  In Westfield you find all the shopping you need.  Easy to go in to the centre of London by the underground.   It's a good English standard hotel. A little bit old standard in the rooms.  Nice restaurant where the breakfast is really good.   The staff is great and are very helpful and service minded.  The hotel has a gym and sauna.   We had a few great days in this hotel.   There is a bus stop right outside the hotel to Victoria station, if you got a morningflight from Gatwick.  Just go by bus 148 and your there in 20 minutes to catch the train. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very tiny room!,"Liked the location of the hotel, had a nice lobby and good breakfast but the room was too small to really be comfortable. We originally had a room with a king bed that was adequate in size but the bed was so noisy, due to squeaking wood, that we asked to change. The next room did not have a squeaky bed but it was so small that I hit my husband's feet when trying to walk by the bed! There was not one drawer to put anything in and it had a tiny closet. For two people for four nights it was tough to make it work. Not what is expected for Hilton Honors member. I can't imagine what kind of room nonmembers get. We have stayed in many Hilton's but not sure I would return to this one.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good choice. Big hotel Just across Westfield mall. Need renovation,This is a big and busy hotel just across Westfield mall which is an excellant shopping mall in London. Shepard bush sub way is also very near and conveniently located on the central (red) line do you have easy access to   Oxford st. (Though 25 min ride..). Hotel itself is s bit old and needs renovation though still bearable.      Rooms  are small and dark like the older hotels in London. Breakfast is very good. A queue to enter is usually there around 8 AM ( breakfast 0630-10) Hotel is clean    ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night brief stay ,I stayed here with my sister so that we could attend the walker stalker convention at the Olympia which worked out to be a 20/30 min walk away.  We arrive early in the morning and parked at Westfield car park at a rate of £6 a day from their smart parking. We then went to the event all day and then checked in at the hotel at 8pm. We were checked in quickly given our room cards and they took a credit card in case we decided to add any charges which we didnt.  The room was a twin room and was adequate for what we needed. Everything was clean. We checked out early so as the title says it was a brief stay but all seemed ok and was a decent price for our visit and wasn't too far from the venue. Got charged £10 in the evening from olympia back to the hotel in a taxi. We were on the…,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, comfortable",This was our first stop after flying overnight to Europe.  A true bonus was the fact that our rooms were available at 10 am.  I was able to nap to make up for little sleep on the plane.  The location was great for exploring Kensington by foot.  We walked to Kensington Gardens and ate lunch at a sidewalk pizza place. We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel and a group dinner there our first night.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Family Hotel,close to everything","This is a great family hotel.  The employees, front desk, Concierge, and the restaurant host and hostess  were all very helpful.   We did not eat breakfast there, but the nice Host allowed us to get a cup of coffee to go.  Once day they even offered a croissant.    We had a great stay",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Great hotel with a fantastic breakfast. I chose this hotel purely for the area as we were going to Westfield shopping centre. Literally across the road to this fantastic shopping mall and Shepherds Bush tube station.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect business hotel,"Excellent hotel, Hilton standards. Standard rooms are not huge, but quite large for London standards. Good service and excellent buffet breakfast. The hotel is well located, close to Notting Hill and Kensington, but also five-minute walk from tube/bus/train hub that easily connect to the whole city.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One Size Doesn't Fit All,"Spouse and I were assigned to a 1 person sleeping room.  Way too small for 2 adults, 2 suitcases, 4 carry ons.  When we commented on how small the room was -  Porter commented, ""I'm surprised you are in this room, it is for usually reserved for airline personnel"".",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, convenient and efficient","Handy for transport links in London, while it is impersonal it is also clean and efficient. The staff in the Executive lounge could not be faulted - well worth paying for Executive Lounge access as it is a haven and serves a perfectly satisfactory breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal for Olympia ,"Stayed for 3 nights. The check-in was ok and the room comfortable. Clean room, large bed very comfortable. The bathroom was on the small side and the shower head was broken. Now I judge a place by how they deal with faults which on this occasion was first class. The receptionist got on to it immediately and when we returned that evening it was fixed, things break that's life. The breakfast was good busy restaurant but efficiently run. The bar area is functional and the bar menu reasonably priced, food good but limited so check what you expect to eat on an evening. Lots of people were getting food deliveries from external eateries. The 94 bus stops outside the hotel and takes you to Piccadilly Circus via Oxford Street being 24 hrs a great advantage. Ideal for Olympia 15 mins…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exellent stay,"Staf very help full  specially the reciptionest ""Sam"" he was really cooperative, rooms clean, no bad noise  we have good sleep. Rooms were renovated. Ac and refrigerator cold and no problems. Bus stops just out the main gate of the hotel. The hotel is children friendly. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay at The Hilton Kensington,I came to stay in London without booking anywhere.   On driving past the Hilton in Kensington.  I decided to see if they had availability on Sunday 6th August 2017.   I parked outside the hotel and went to reception.  Was given a great rate of £113 for the night free parking as my mum who was with me has a blue badge.   Breakfast included.   The rooms were great.   We just wanted to relax and watch TV after a hectic day.   The reception staff are amazing.   We were able to park at the hotel easily too.  ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nigh on perfect,"The hotel in immaculate and clean. Beds are so comfortable. Pity not two chairs in the room but this is a very minor issue. Staff are a major asset- reception, concierge, housekeeping, restaurant and bar.  Superb breakfast. The hotel is close to buses, underground and overground.  Westfield shopping near so can shop till you drop.  With public transport all attractions are close.  One criticism! Bar prices are very expensive! Way above London prices. However we would return",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First class," Booked using our Hilton honours club points which made the visit very cost-effective. We were upgraded to an executive room – and given complimentary access to the lounge – which included a really great breakfast – with really excellent service. Overall, great experience – and very hard to find any faults at all. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff   Excellent location.   Beautiful area of London.,The Hilton Kensington is such a unique hotel.      You have a wonderful staff.    The location is perfect.  Holland Park is such a beautiful location in London.  Your right  across from Shepherd Bush Westfield Mall.    So you have restaurant shops so close to you if you want a Mall.    But most of all when you return to the hotel.  Your always greeted with a smile and the hotel staff treat you so well.  They can't do enough for you.   It is an excellent hotel.   We love it ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Price and location,"The hotel is located in a relatively nice and quiet part of town, close to the Westfield shopping centre and easy transport options including buses to the West End in front of the hotel. Friendly helpful waitress (blonde hair) provided a quick dinner in the restaurant at 10pm to jetlagged travellers after a delayed long haul flight-thankyou! Water topped up, food brought quickly. Standard of food also very good especially given the time of night. (Smoked mackerel, terrine, fish and chips). Housekeeping excellent and bed new, firm and comfortable ensuring a good sleep. Stayed in a standard double room which is very small and difficult to navigate around when 2 people are in the room. Bathroom is also very small. Window opens which is a plus. If you are just after a comfortable…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family Birthday,"We booked an overnight stay here as we were celebrating a birthday in London. Our room was absolutely fine, they are not particularly big and they are quite basic but for one night it was fine. The staff on reception were extremely friendly and helpful especially the guy that checked us in. I didn't get he's name but I believe he may have been Australian and he was great. The staff in the bar were quite serious at times so maybe a little smile from them would be nice, it really does make a difference. The hotel was clean and tidy and very comfortable. We would use this hotel again if we needed to. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"OK, but nothing special","Stayed here for a night meeting up with my son.  The bedroom and bathroom can best be described as 'tired', but the beds were comfortable.  We had access to the Executive Lounge, which meant that we had drinks and canapés there in the evening and continental breakfast the next morning included in our room rate.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Easy location, varied rooms","I stayed at this property for 4 total nights, 2 nights at a time with a day in between when I went outside of the city.  The property is easy to get to, convenient from 2 different Underground stations.  The breakfast was very nice and manageable even though it was very crowded.  My first room was great in the layout and renovation of the bathroom.  My second room was not as nice (I was paying 20 GBP less per night).  It wasn't bad, just not as nice as the first.  Still would recommend/choose to stay there again if the rates were agreeable.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,City break,Excellent hotel - convenient for tube and other public transport.  Good food and helpful staff. Seeing a concert at the Albert Hall and taxi ride only 5 minutes from hotel.  Breakfast excellent and also had dinner which was average price for London. Meal service was efficient and helpful.  ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient and good value, but so tired","I chose this hotel for its convenient location and attractive pricing, but my expectations were never very high, and as it turned out, rightly so. The hotel is looking very tired and dated. Standard rooms are small and cramped. The bathroom is also very small and as is common in properties like this one, there was no working extraction. The bar area is soul-less and uninviting. Breakfast was OK but nothing to write home about. All in all, reasonable value for money in London, but there are better options.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fab stay.,"Stayed here for two nights at the start of July. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay - rooms are spacious and included coffee making facilities. The customer service/staff are excellent, very polite and helpful especially those working in the restaurant at breakfast. The food at breakfast was very good, plenty of choice. Overall, a brill stay and would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel fantastic location,Situated Holland Park there is a great Altra modern hotel bedrooms are clean tidy modern with all mod cons  With an extremely good business centre And only a short bus ride at you right away from the centre of everything good hotel very clean neat tidy staff are friendly but courteous all In all 10 out of 10 ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good price for London and easy to get to,"Always found this hotel perfectly reasonable, usually you can get it for not much mote than a 100 which is good for London.  The rooms are not huge and look a little in need of some care, but they arrested not totally worn out.  The road if you stay along the front can be a little noisy.  Breakfast is a wide choice but very busy as you would expect.    Transport links are very good, buses 148 and 94  take you to many of the attractions from outside the hotel.  Both the tube and overground are very close and not too difficult with luggage.  If you drive and are stopping for a few days may I suggest dropping your luggage off and leaving the ca in Westfield at a third of the price.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really good stay.,"Can't understand how this hotel gets such random reviews. We found the staff excellent, we had checked in online and turned up a bit early, however reception staff could have helped more. As our room was not ready we were offered a complimentary upgrade which allowed us access to the executive lounge.  The bar staff were equally good and very attentive. The rooms, although not large were well appointed, clean and tidy with all that you'd expect from a hotel of this standard. Large screen TV, free wifi, complimentary water / tea and coffee. Hair dryer, iron etc etc. Location was fantastic for what we wanted. Would definitely consider this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So so,"The staff is superb. They are polite, helpful, look happy and on that sense they have an A+. BUT the rooms are small and crazy hot. Things of wood look worn out.  The bathroom is not only small (And like everywhere I have been in Europe (to be fair) to get in the tub you have to basically climb a wall. It has a Gym with TERRIBLE ventilation. If you walk in and there are people exercising the smell is overpowering (I had to cut my workout short because I could not stand it). I could not figure out how to hygienize the equipment I used (ok. That one likely is on me).   Good things: the staff, coffee, water and tea available everywhere, computers and wifi, breakfast. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great short stay,"Recently had a business meeting in London and only wanted to stay somewhere quick and nice for a night. The hotel has a brilliant location, the staff were nice and friendly and room itself was very clean and nice. Thanks for the great stay",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NEVER stay at this hotel!,"I usually don't write negative reviews but I hope to save people from a TERRIBLE hotel stay.   Cons - The room was dark, musty, old and dirty. The wallpaper had stains, the bathroom had black mold around the tub and dirt in places around the bathroom that haven't been cleaned in months at the very least and they looked like they screwed a board in to cover the side of the tub but it didn't quite fit and you could see the screws. The wood on the bathroom door was old, chipping and just nasty. Everything in that room was so disgusting they should be ashamed.   The lounge staff was extremely rude. We were in the lounge and asked if we could order dinner. He said it's closed now but we can go to our rooms to order room service. I asked if we can have the room service brought here…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Holiday July 2017,"Recently stayed at the Hilton Kensington.  Although the location is excellent the Hotel is in need of a major renovation. Rooms are very small and have not been upgraded in several years. Breakfast is great.  However if the Hotel wants to remain competitive then it needs to make the rooms bigger, put in walk in showers and add basic facilities such as a pool.  As the price the Hotel is charging does not reflect the quality,especially for travellers from Australia.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location to Underground,"I'm just completing a week's stay at this Hilton. The room is okay and I agree with other reviewers that it is time for a refresh. My concerns are with room service and especially housekeeping. Room service staff are very friendly and professional - but nearly every time, something was either missing from what I had ordered, such as spoon for coffee, knife to spread butter or jam, skim milk rather than whole milk - or if ordering by phone the person taking the order taking my order had problems with understanding what I was asking. One evening, the phone was not answered after several tries. Housekeeping was sloppy and the only thing that was done consistently well was my bed was made properly. Issues were counters were not cleaned consistently, coffee supplies not replenished,…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"Have stayed at this hotel many times.  This visit though was a bit disappointed with the room, showing its age, needs some renovations.  Check-in staff is very professional, as is housekeeping.  Some of the best food we ate were at the Avenue Bar & Lounge, need more staffing, if you are not in a hurry, do try it, they do not stay open late.  Actually, none of the restaurants in the neighborhood seem to be open past 10 pm.   Buffet breakfast was very good and not expensive.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,Hotel has very small rooms and quite old and dusty. I booked for a junior suite but got sa disappointed with the room they checked us in. Bathroom very dirty also and full of molds. Staff in the executive lounge not friendly.  Walking distance to Westfield and easy access to most tourist attractions. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just the job,"Only stayed for one night and everything was great. Good reception with friendly, helpful and quick reception staff. The room was clean and spacious, my only small issue was the quite small bath/shower. I am 6ft tall and there is only about 6inches clearance above your head when stood in the shower, it's doable but tight, certainly not enough of an issue to ruin an otherwise good place. I didn't use any of the other hotel facilities but there are plenty to choose from. Perfectly located for a short tube ride in to the city.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good rooms but a bit small,"the hotel is located right outside hyde park and has a whole street right next to it with many stores and restaurants...tube and bus connections within 20 meters...the room was quite decent and clean, just wished it was slightly larger",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Trip for fabrics,"Had to pop down to London for a day and night for business getting fabrics. Decided to stay have a night with my bf. Got a deal last minute so was a good price . Went on a Friday .  Service very good at hotel , had a small bedroom but everything I needed , bed very comfy and bathroom lovely.  Would stay again , walked to some shops and restaurants up road for dinner . Very good. Went to Notting hill after - market day too.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,In desparate need of some TLC,This hotel used to be an excellent hotel.  On this trip I found that the quality of service and maintenance seemed neglected.  The hotel is in a decent location near Westfield mall and transportation.  Front desk staff was hit or miss.  Sometimes we got lucky and were attended by a very efficient staff member and other times it seemed like the person knew nothing about the front desk or even about Hilton benefits.  Not once did I see a porter to assist with luggage although concierge was helpful.  Rooms are in desperate need of renovations.  Our group had several rooms and all were in the same state of disrepair.  The tiny bathroom shower had chipped tiles and grout was very dirty.  Room furniture was very simple but this could have been the same as a lower class hotel.  Size of…,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff- apologies for the spellings ,"First of all I would like to say certain staff at this hotel are outstanding. kidest and her colleagues in the Executive lounge are excellent, very polite and accommodating. Another outstanding staff member is Marwar from the front desks as exceptional, I had a dreadful day and arrived at the hotel really late, and she still managed to raise a smile from me. She went out of her way to make me feel welcome and even remembered my name the next day which was a nice.  The rooms are, well yes dated but clean. The lounge and bar are very nice.  Hotel location for me is brilliant, excellent access to certain places, although quite awkward for Heathrow and central London.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Experience,Excellent location near Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. Shops and restaurants nearby of good quality and character. Comfortable rooms and delicious breakfast buffet. Will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family. ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Decent enough location, everything in London seems so far away from anything else. The main issue with this hotel was the room size. Yes, it's London, but I could have almost had a shower from the comfort of the bed!  View was pretty awful, and as a northerner, paying £6 for a Guinness gave me palpitations.   As with everything in London, the staff were very brusque but efficient.   Nice enough, I was just expecting more for the cost and 'Kensington'",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,A great place to stay for a bit of a luxury weekend away in central London. Idea for the shepards bush overground and train station as it was right across the road. Great location for food and shopping. The hotel was good and couldn't fault anything. Good food variety at breakfast. The only thing they could have done with is a better shower curtain as it had a netted trim at the top and water kept flooding onto the toilet roll and sink area.  Other than that it was good value for money for a weekend away.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Stayed for three nights. Good location, nice hotel and good service. Drinks expensive as everywhere else and rooms tiny. Internet a waste of time as very slow. But overall clean and tidy and enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small and tired ,Myself and husband stayed here for two nights.  The rooms are incredibly small and the cooling system in the room is very poor. The bathrooms are very dated and need modernising to help keep it in the Hilton brand.  Breakfast was like feeding time at the zoo - food was quite poor in our opinion.   The hotel is close to Shepherd's Bush tube station or Holland Park is only a 10 minute walk away.   Would I stay again - no to tired and dated. ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good room, good sleep","Great location only a two minutes walk from Shepherds Bush tube station, busy road to cross, but that's no issue. Friendly welcoming reception staff, nice room, big bed, small bathroom but that's ok being a solo business traveler. Good sleep in a nice comfortable bed. Very busy breakfast area, so go early to avoid the masses. Had to go with the full English from the buffet!",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton London,"Excellent stay, good position for Westfield and tubes and buses,would recommend.  Good check in and out,efficient and helpful staff, room ready on arrival, clean and well serviced, cannot comment on food as did not use, but have used on previous stays and was good.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington great location to get to anywhere in London,"Great location close to Westfield Mall and any food choice you desire. The room was smaller than North American standards, but it was definitely adequate for the price we paid.  Very convenient to all sites, shopping, food, etc so your choices are endless.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, rooms in need of an upgrade",We really enjoyed the location.  The staff was very friendly and accomodating.  Great executive lounge.   The room itself was a bit of a disappointment. The air conditioning couldn't keep the small room cool (even though it wasn't particularly hot in London during our stay.  Poor ventilation meant after a shower the room would stay muggy all day.  The internet was abysmal.  We were there for 4 days and don't think we ever managed to stay connected in our room for more than 3-4 minutes.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff couldn't do enough to help,We had a great stay whilst attending the Wimbledon Championships. Staff were extremely helpful and courteous. Room was of a very good standard and breakfast was outstanding. We will definitely be back.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,single person stay,staff helpful.....convenient location bus to Victoria outside breakfast was excellent..however room sevice and food not up to standard you would expect..when I compained I was looked after very well...I would use this hotel again if I was in this location,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Give me Premier Inn any day of the week....,"Pricey, unclean and run by amateurs.  Ouch! Painful start, but to be honest - it is only the brand name that warrants anyone staying here. I strongly suggest you don't be tempted by the name 'Hilton' - it's embarrassing! The bathroom was dirty and could have done with a lick of paint. The food? Don't even get me started.... We ate late (9:45) and ordered the most simple dish and even then the 'chef' couldn't do that right! Our chicken breasts were over cooked to the point I could use it as a hockey puk and to make it even worse - the garlic butter SAUCE had separated. Then a young waiter (barely out of nappies) tries to palm me off by saying it was garlic butter and TBH, after having worked in catering many moons ago - I have never seen a ramekin full of cream gunk at the bottom…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very good but,I have stayed here before and loved it but this time the a/c did not work and the room was overly warm and the matter unresolved.  Great location and awesome breakfast. restaurant  service much improved from my last visit.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wimbledon trip hotel,"Very central and only a few stops on the tube to Wimbledon. Whitfords shopping centre, tube and bus station are all just across the road.     Choice of bars, eating places and shops all within walking distance.    Hilton brand always reliable.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Girly weekend.,"The service in this hotel was excellent.  The room was spacious and spotless.  The staff were very accommodating. The hotel had a bus stop outside it and was  several minutes walk from Shepherd's Bush tube station.  There were several parks within walking distance.  There is a huge shopping centre beside the tube station with loads of shops, including top designers.  There is something to suit every pocket. There were loads of restaurants also.  We had a fabulous girly weekend and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay for visit to Wimbledon,"Room was clean , comfortable had everything you needed for a short stay. Breakfast which was included in deal had everything that you could want from cereal, fruit full cooked English as well as continental options, Staff were friendly and helpful. It was a very pleasant place to stay whilst in London and just a short walk from the tube.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very. Nice hotel,Nice hotel in a very lovely location. Easy for tube station and bus stop outside the hotel.  Stayed in this hotel before and would definitely go back. Kensington is a lovely area with its own shops and restaurants ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,As part of a cruise package we were booked into the Hilton London Kensington for 4 nights before our cruise departed. We arrived at the hotel very early in the morning ( 6:30) approximately and to our surprise the room was ready and we were able to deposit our bags and freshen up. The hotel room was not overly large but we could place our suitcases out of the walkway and hang a few clothes. Full English breakfast was included with this deal and there was a buffet so you could choose what you wanted. A great spot in Kensington.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient central loaction,Stayed for 2 nights on the way to a conference. Found the counter staff  helpful. Had food at the restaurant and it was very good. Breakfast options were excellent. The central location was very convenient.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful convenient location and very reasonable value,"Our young family of five people stayed here for three nights in two attached rooms. Aside from the slightly dated bathtubs/showers, the rooms were clean, quiet, updated and decent-sized.  The staff were very helpful and complimentary bottled water was easily available at the front desk.  The large Shepherd's Bush mall (where the Tube station and above-ground train station were also located!) was just a ten minute walk across the large roundabout intersection, and had numerous enticing restaurants in addition to a convenient grocery store.  A short walk in the opposite direction brings you to Kensington and many small bakeries and restaurants also, and another convenient Tube station.  BIG TIP: Keep in mind that, as of June 2017 still, for visitors to London using the Tube with…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel is in a great part of London; close to Westfield and easily accessible to Central London via Central Line (20 mins). The Hotel staff are very friendly and amenable- however this is not the usual standard of a Hilton Hotel - requires an upflift, especially the rooms.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really lovely,"Would definitely stay again - inside the hotel was clean and lovely area. Would recommend to others. Staff were pleasant, rooms were clean and with air con so on a hot evening was nice to be able to sleep soundly !!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but tired in places,"Stayed here for a night at the end of June. Room was a generous size and clean but the bathroom was rather tired with cracked tiles and missing grouting. The walls are definitely not sound proofed.  The people next to us continued to slam their wardrobe doors and main door, making a loud noise and making our door shake at times.  At 5.30 on the Sunday morning they were moving furniture and continuously slamming doors and shouting at each other. I don't object to other people getting up early but don't disturb others! The breakfast was very generous with a very large selection from cereals, fruit, toast, waffles to a full english! However don't expect the tables to be cleared very quickly. The table next to us was not cleared from the time we sat down till the time we finished.…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,1 Night stay,"This hotel is a bout a 5 minute walk from Shepards Bush Tube Station and also 5 minute walk from Westfield Shopping Centre.  This hotel take me back to what hotels were like in the early 1990's, although it was clean and nicely decorated in the public spaces on the ground floor, it had the feel of being slightly dated.  The room was clean and had everything you would expect to find (Tea/coffee making, fridge, nice LCD TV, WiFi, air-conditioning.  The bathroom was shower only, which was fine for me.  I did use the gym, the gym itself was slightly better than average for a London Hotel, but the mixed sex changing room shower room (Which also had a toilet in it) was not one I would have used personally.  The breakfast was good and overall everything was fine, just felt I had gone…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Old, run down, yet not bad!","Here is a review of the main features of the hotel:  Location: The Hilton Kensington doesn't quite have the best location if you want to see the real London. It is close to Notting Hill and Kensington Garden though, two very beautiful places. The hotel is a good option if you have a morning flight from Heathrow and need to get to the airport early. The location in itself though is nice, just a stone's throw away from West Gate Mall, which has numerous eating and shopping options. For me, it didn't work because I was not in London to see a mall :) The tube station of course, is just a few minutes away and is the best possible option if you want to get anywhere.  Rooms: The rooms are pretty tiny as is the shower cubicle. However, that is a problem with most hotels in London. It's…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but bathrooms are tiny!,"Stayed here this week and enjoyed the stay.   Service was very good, facilities were also good.  Room was relatively small, but it's London so I expect that but the bathroom was particularly small.   I was the only person in the room so it was ok, but double occupancy would make this a bit of a squeeze.   Was a good price though for a Monday in June so can't complain really.   Breakfast was excellent.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfume making experience with afternoon tea,"Really lovely hotel. Took my mum for perfume making experience and afternoon tea. Easy to find, just a short walk from Westfields. Really good experience would highly recommen, you each get a perfume to take away and lasts for ages. Afternoon tea was nice and a really lovely way to finish the whole experience. Interia and design of the hotel is beautiful, they also put on breakfast for flying staff so I noticed which I thought was a nice touch.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay.,"We were traveling in from Australia and so booked for a few days based upon the proximity to attractions we wanted to see and the tube station (just over the road).  The room assigned was on about level 7 and had a large balcony and a view of the roof tops of Kensington.   The room was bright and clean, although it was a bit on the small size and felt a bit cramped, but was fine.  All of the expected facilities were provided including WiFi, decent TV, shampoo, etc and the like.  Reception was efficient even though our experience was a bit mixed up because friends were arriving in a few days and they made the booking.  No matter, the staff were happy, friendly and helpful.  We did not eat in the hotel but the cafe was very nice.  The concierge service was excellent and the team…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Aircon never works. Avoid,I used to stay here every week for work but today is my final stay. Every week the aircon doesn't work. Different rooms so it's not a one off. Clearly there is a fundamental issue that the management can't be bothered to address so they have lost my business and I recommend you don't give them yours either.   Real shame as most of the staff are really nice. ,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Racists!,I have been staying at this hotel since 27th June and will check out on 5th July (tomorrow). I have been spending lot of money in the bar downstairs buying drinks every night and all the employees at the bar recognise me well since I have been visiting every day for the last 8 nights. But make sure of you are not Caucasian you should not expect good service at the bar! So if you can live with this stay here and try to enjoy your stay?!?!,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely visit,"Stayed her for two nights with a friend. A lovely hotel, very polite staff and a great location.  Very clean rooms, all service areas clean and tidy.  Ate breakfast - a fantastic choice, quality food and plenty of space in the dining room.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Conveniently situated, comfortable with a good breakfast","This is not a very fancy hotel, but it does the job. The breakfast is pretty good, and the staff members are generally very helpful. The rooms are average in size and the beds are comfortable. It is perfectly adequate for us when we travel to London, since most of our time is spent out of the hotel in any case. The hotel is brilliantly situated, close to Shepherds Bush, Westfield Mall, Notting Hill, Kensington and their respective high streets and tube stations and bus services.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Booked a twin and a double, given 2 doubles","Booked 2 rooms months ago for a family say (3 days) in London. Grown up kids (boy and girl) were offered a double and as the hotel was full there was no flex. Kids moved tge next day but if I booked and it was confirmed a twin, why don't I get one?  Had to leave one day early as Adele cancelled her concert and was unable to get a refund or any good will for a future Hilton stay (e.g. voucher?) - not all hotels are as hard faced as this.  Hotel was fine, a little tired in places but in a nice part of town.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for Westfield and Eventim Apollo,"Standard Hilton, decent size bar / restaurant area and good executive club area for breakfast with lovely staff. Where it scores is it's s 5 min walk to Westfield Sheperd's Bush if shoppings your thing (especially as a large expansion is happening) and a straightforward 30min walk to Evertim Apollo for a concert. Sheperd's Bush Tube Station is also a 5min walk.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not value for Money,"We had just come from visiting our friends at the Holiday inn Kensington before we checked in here; honestly we had much higher expectations but would have rather stayed at the Holiday inn. Small room, very hot, no bath, and the bed was a very odd size? Definitely smaller than a queen!  Tried to order room service a number of times but the phone just rang out to no avail, rang reception who said they would transfer us but the same happened again - ended up ordering uber eats... Breakfast was the saving grace as they had a good selection of breakfast foods but nothing to write home about and I wouldn't stay again having paid what we did for one night.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,better than Average but not a very Good,the double room are oke. The beds are on the hard side but oke to sleep in. also the airconditioner worked.  wifi in the room is not stable. i consider this very important as i need to work from the hotel.  compliment on the breakfast. very good complete and with real bacon.   ask for a room on the back. it's more quiet.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington REALLY??,"This was our second visit to this Hilton, complimentary as our first stay a few months ago was AWFUL.   So we booked this hotel a few months ago because we had a very special occasion and being Kensington, one of the most expensive suburbs in the world we were excited to come here!   Absolute disaster. The room was filthy, I could write my name in the Tea and coffee tray as well as the mirror, my little boy had black joggers on and sat on the bathroom floor, needless to say when he got up his bottom was white with dust. A few other issues so I went down to complain and never heard anything so in the morning I had to go and ask for a plug so my son could have a bath. I told them again my complaint of the state of the room and they assured me it would be sorted when we came back…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,Had a short stay on way to our next destination.  Rooms are ok but are starting to look tired.  Near to Westfield shepherds bush.  Only a short walk to the underground or the train station.  Hotel does the job but it's just ok. ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kathryn,We came fir the Diana exhibition at Kensington Palace which was only a 20 minute walk from the hotel. Plenty of local shops and the tube and Westfield Shopping Centre were less than five minutes away.Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, upgrades once they know u","Been staying here regularly over the past year didn't get much of an upgrade at Diamond until last two times where I got a one bedroom suite. Breakfast is nice as is the lounge but can get hyper busy at times.   This is a dated hotel with low ceilings and dark wood making it more claustrophobic. But vis a vie price and location to suit my needs in west london. Near Westfield shepherds bush, earls court and access to central line and overland to gatwick and clapham it's a great option  So it deserves a 4 ranking. If u speedied yo the checkin and checkout, brightened rooms more it would get a 5 relative to price, location, status recognition and amenities.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton, Kensington","Our Stay was enjoyable.  The staff was courteous, kind and helpful; especially to my 91-yr old mother.  The food was consistently good as was the service, and the staff went out of their way to accommodate one's needs.  The rooms were kept clean and well maintained daily and supplies generously replaced.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice enough but dated,"I stayed here for 2 nights and I enjoyed it. Tube station Shepherds Bush, about 5 minute walk. Great shopping centre Westfield next to tube station (great shops Gucci, Dior, Prada etc.... as well as Zara).  Hotel itself was perfectly fine but definitely not what you would expect from a Hilton. Bathroom very small and ceiling very low. If you take a shower in the bath the ceiling is very close to your head! I am 1.70. If you are 1.80 your head will touch the ceiling. :-)  Bed was great and everything was in the room: safe, coffee/tea, fridge, hairdryer etc. Would I stay here again? No. It's a bit too far from the parts of town I like to hang around, mainly because you have to change tubes but also because it is a little old. Lobby was very busy and noisy because of the very large…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for this group of hotels,A very tired hotel initial room was awful damp hair in bath and rotten around the bath and skirting boards. Dreadful noise on arrival as replacing the foyer carpets the location is very good overall disappointing experience ,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff and amazing breakfast",The location to the tube and the shopping centre was amazing. The staff helped for every enquiry! We would recommend this place 100%. The breakfast was one of the best of our European vacation. We loved being out of the city chaos.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton, Kenssington",The hotel location is excellent in terms of the Underground station at Shepards bush and the things to do in the area plus shopping.  The reception rooms are really spacious and welcoming and the bar area very warm and inviting (be warned London + hotel prices though so the experience is dampened a little) but the rooms are dated and small,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for family stay,Hotel was spacious and had the largest rooms of any we stayed in while in Great Britain (7 hotels in all) and also the best breakfast buffet. If you eat a large breakfast than opt for it to be included it will be worth it.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This is a Hilton? Really?,"I was/am shocked by how run down and worn this place is. I usually stay at the Hilton Trafalgar, but booked this one this time since it is closer to a business appointment I have in the area. Big Mistake! I mean everything in my room looks way past worn out! The bed is the most uncomfortable I have had at any Hilton. It's like laying on concrete. The place feels so dirty, that I feel like I will need a long shower when I leave it. The only good I can say is that it is only a few minutes walk to a large mall where there are lots of dining options. NO WAY would I ever stay here again! The place will have to get a TOTAL makeover first!",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Stay,We travel for business but we expect more from a Hilton Hotel. The room was big but too old. Because it was old it was difficult to be clean as a result there were many smells. The air condition was out of order and no one tried to solve this problem.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short and sweet-but is it Chelsea?,London can be a nightmare for hotel accommodation as you can end up in room so expensive and so small you have to take turns moving around the bed. Although the Hilton is not what it was although of course prices are not what they were either- you know what you are going to get and its ok for a short stay. Room was clean and surprisingly spacious.  We were up for a Jackson Browne concert at the Albert Hall and this is a good location as you get to walk through Hyde park and wander back along High St Ken-its only a mile. Equi-distant too for Hammersmith so will probably stay there for Stevie Winwood in a few weeks. Must say I was impressed with the breakfast service-I was about to bolt when I saw the queue but the staff were friendly and efficient and got us seated thoughtfully.…,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,We booked a junior suite as a treat & found the room (1103) to be very dark & required major refurbishment. It was very noisy as next to lift. The staff were excellent & changed our room to a slightly better one (5029) no other options available as hotel full). 2nd room brighter but still required refurb. The bathrooms were very compact & there was no disguising it was simply two separate rooms with one turned into a lounge area. The bed although comfy squeaked whenever you turned over. On a positive it must be noted that the room was quiet in the evening. Restaurant and executive lounge were good. All staff in the hotel were friendly & obliging. ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"We spent a weekend in this hotel, good transport links into the city centre, great service,   restaurant and bar area with some very nice coctails on the menu, lovely rooms, value for money though the breakfast is a little overpriced though very tasty.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,GREAT SERVICE AT THE EXECUTIVE LOUNGE,"Well done to Evelyn,Janette and Kedest for a great service at the executive lounge! during breakfast time .Proactive and friendly service make a world of difference to a guest experience .Despite the OK food and the rather gloomy executive lounge environment the overall experience in the lounge was great for my wife and I with  Evelyn,Janette and Kedest smiling and friendly service  The Hotel is in a great location very close to the Westfield shopping mall and easy  public transportation to anywhere in London",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel bit out of the way,We were deceived by the Kensington title in the hotel name. we found this hotel pleasant and the room ok but located £25 taxi ride from West End.  Would be worth paying more to be better located nearer the centre.  ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service ,"My wife & I spent a weekend in London & found this hotel convenient, easily accessible to central London & the Westfield Shopping Centre. We were upgraded & treated very well & we enjoyed our stay - thank you.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Poor expectations, service and accommodations","Staff unfriendly and unaccommodating to benefits allocated to a gold member.  Room temperature adjusted by hotel only....was there 6/18-19/17, very hot summer day, room stifling hot, difficult to sleep.  I'm a gold member with Marriott and SPG and frequent their properties every month where I am treated fantastically and am given all the benefits: room upgrade, high floor, executive lounge access, free breakfast.  This stay at Hilton was a big disappointment compared.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Easy fixes could make this 5 star,"So I say here once or twice a month so nothing is bad enough that I would not return but what I hope this review does is make some simple fixes that ensure this hotel gets the recognition it needs.  So what's good?  Location - Direct Red Bus route to all major locations and Central Line Tube Station across the other side of the roundabout. There is White City Westfield Shopping Centre great for shopping and lots of Restaurants to choose from.  Breakfast is great in the main restaurant and you can ask for cooked to order omelettes and pancakes etc and its also good in Executive Lounge.   Reception Staff are great and there is usually enough so there is no big queues when checking in.   Executive lounge is great, hot food choice is a bit sparse but the rest is good. Drink options…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My short stay,"It was a 10 day visit to London and I choose this hotel. Fantastic location. Easy access to public transportation and Westfield is a few minutes walk. The staff were very polite and extremely helpful. I shared the junior suite with my two teenage kids. It was smaller than I expected but manageable. Breakfast buffet at the main restaurant was good, quite a good selection to choose. I definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The worst.,"In all my years of traveling, this was one of the worst experiences I've ever had. I cannot overstate my disappointment in this property.  The service was terrible, the room was dilipidated, and the air conditioning was inoperable. Also, the most uncomfortable bed I've slept in. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Home away from home,"Kensington Hilton was truely 5 star, prestige room, professional staff throughout and best breakfast in town. Shepherds Bush Underground nearby with an adjoining Westfield Shoppong centre. Popular red London buses pass right out front in both directions creating easy access to all places in the bigger London ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired And Old,"This hotel is in dire need of a renovation.  Upon arrival you see a front entry that needs a good power washing, small pieces of debris litter the walkway, cigarette butts everywhere.  business center computers; rarely did they all work.  Lobby was okay but again needed a face lift.  The men's room off the lobby had a folded towel under the elbow of one of the urinals the entire 3 days we were there and while it looked clean the odor was very offensive.  guest rooms and corridors tired looking in appearance.  Only positive item was the staff they tried hard to please and the concierge desk staff was very good. Guest room A/C hardly worked, had to ask for a fan.  I won't stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired and with a budget feel to it,"Very average. The hotel is looking very run down, stains on the carpets, rust and stains in the bathroom etc. The rooms were clean though and the bed was comfortable but overall it is feeling very much like a budget hotel these days. It was well located near the Westfield shopping centre and public transport. If you temper your expectations then this hotel may be suitable.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,チェックインスタッフの朝食誘導に注意,Inspite of executive room with breakfast front staff told me that its only a continental breakfast so that buffe breakfast was better than it. So I was forced to pay 18 GBP per day. But when I went to the Lounge the American breakfast was served there. So I asked hotel staff to cancel my additional breakfast fee. Please be careful about hotel staff temptation for additional breakfast.,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a lot of refurbishing ,"Good.  Price, staff, location was interesting, good bed.   Bad.  Basically the entire building needs to be refurbished.   The carpet is stained throughout the facility and little attention is paid to vacuuming during the day.  The rooms are very small but workable for a short stay.   The furniture is date and marred.  Cracked tile throughout, chipped wood throughout.   Electrical plugs are not convenient to bed so extension cords must be used if you need a CPAP.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs renovating,The hotel is very tired looking. It is one of the most rundown Hilton's I've stayed at. The rooms and decoration are not what you expect from a Hilton. I stay because of the corporate rate I get and the points.   Needs renovating.,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Welcome Back ,"The title was the first word that I heard when I reached the reception.. while the  checkin process was happening I started noticing the changes in the lobby area and began to notice the renovations that had taken place since I was here last time and the Rooms were well equipped as well .. obviously thumbs up to the lounge a really very popular place which was well stacked and serviced and staff was very helpful and forthcoming.. ovearall experience was good and obviously I had made up my mind that this is where I am going to stay whenever I am in town because it is conveniently located has great shopping experience just around it but you don't have to face the inconvenience that one has to face near big malls or shopping area , the surrounding is so pretty and nice .. a well…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Kensington Disappointing,"Where to begin! Our late check-in was confirmed with a credit card & we called the reservation desk the day before to advise that we would be arriving later and were assured everything was noted in their reservation systems.  At arrival we were deemed a “no-show” because the note had not been entered into the correct field in their system.  We had to wait 25 minutes for the front desk manager to be available to tell the clerk how to handle the situation and then when we were told that our credit card information in their system was tied to another person’s name rather than mine and they actually argued about the ownership of the card even after I presented the credit card to them with my name on it and showed them my passport! While I didn’t have my measuring tape, I am quite…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Solid Hotel with dated rooms,"Spent one night at the Hilton in Kensington. The room was quite big, very clean and equipped with the facilities you would expect in this category. The bed was also very good. However, the bathroom has seen better days,so has the carpet. We paid ~100€ and it was good value for money. All in all I can recommend this hotel, go somewhere else if modern design is important for you. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,poor staff,"hi thers not alot  good to say guys poor room quality for money and staff not great either,i felt dissappointed as a hilton honours member  it is in my opinion over priced. it would be  nice to see staff members with smiles.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Efficient Business Hotel in Kensington,I stayed at this Hilton in Kensington for a week. This is an ideal hotel for the business traveler and I highly recommend staying here when you're travels take you to London.   The hotel staff are very friendly and professional. The rooms are nicely appointed and well maintained too.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location to Westfield Mall, Kyoto Gardens, Notting Hill and Kensington Gardens !","Fantastic breakfast buffet in roomy restaurant and the executive lounge has tasty evening snacks and is an oasis after a busy day. Rooms are modern and large by London standards with all the amenities. Location is superb, with the gigantic Westfield mall a 10 minute walk away. The Central Line Holland Park tube station is a 10 minute walk the other way. Going that way, you pass the delightful oriental Kyoto Gardens. Another 10 minutes walk gets you to Kensington Palace and Gardens, then Hyde Park. The Central Line tube runs directly past the above mentioned sites, so ride and hop off and on as you wish. The Central then runs down the main shopping district of Oxford St which begins at Marble Arch. Get off at Bond St for 10 minute walk to Picadilly Circus, theatre district and…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Welcoming staff but in need of a freshen up ,Stayed here for 3 nights on business. The staff throughout are friendly and can't do enough for you. The rooms and some general areas are tired and in need of a freshen up.  Ideal location for the Olympia and shopping. ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Up to Hilton Standards,"This was a most disappointing Hilton stay. The staff was rude and dismissive. If there was work to be done, the staff would disappear. The bathroom in our room had a leak somewhere that made an awful dripping noise all night. The neighborhood is not the best. There is a tube stop nearby, but there are other Hiltons near tube stops in London that do meet Hilton standards, which we know because we changed our hotel to one of them the next day.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hopefully it will be more than 16 years before I stay again,"I stayed last night  from necessity as it was convenient for a morning meeting.  It's been 16 years since I last stayed and nothing has really changed. Rooms are so tiny and so-so equipped. I stay worldwide in Hilton but this is the poorest ever. There are double trees in london that are so great and cheaper.  Never Again, I was right to drop this hotel 16 years ago.  No reflection on the staff they were all fantastic and 5 star - it's the hotel ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can't fault it,"First time in this hilton.  About 5 minutes from Shepherds Bush on the overground or central line.  As a diamond I was upgraded to a executive room and also they managed to sort out a late check out request.   One little suggestion, be careful what you order in the bar, I ordered a rose wine, wasn't asked which rose, wasn't asked what size and was given a 250mm glass and charged £9.80 plus service for it.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Disappointment,"Every Hotel has good and bad days. It is possible we found this hotel on a day it was not on peak performance. Generally, staff were helpful, they resolved problems as they occurred but the disappointments we encountered, could so easily have been avoided.which would have meant a good review rather an okay review. Small things. First, there is a car park with the hotel priced at £25 per day. It is under the hotel. But it is not easy to get into, a bad turn across traffic. There are a lot of small spaces.So unless you have a city car you may have to look around the car park. First tip there is a massive car park at the Westfield centre across the road, it is £6.00 per day if you book online and it has number place recognition.  Arrived at reception around 3.30pm. They had a busy…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Check in staff are rude,"the supervisor that checked myself and a colleague in was really quite rude and had absolutely no people skills 😒 Last time I stayed there were endless issues with billing, for example being charged for another rooms spend, food taking 45 mins to arrive and now being expected to pay an extra £50 on arrival despite the room already being paid for not helped by the fact that the woman was rude about it. That's my first experience of a Hilton.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"A very Hotel up the Sheperds Bush end of Holland Park  Great service, friendly, efficient.   Comfortable rooms, well equipped  And not a bad rate for central London either  Happily stay again. Ideal for business or that weekend break",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't have the breakfast,"The hotel is clean and staff helpful. However, the reason for my poor review is the standard of the breakfast, or at least the cooked breakfast. The cooked breakfast was simply awful. The first day I had sausages and bacon. Both of these were like leather. Clearly they'd been standing for a long time under the heater lamps and had dried out and yet they were tepid! The next day I ordered an omelette and as it was freshly cooked hoped it would be tasty. However, this too was very overcooked and tough with no flavour. I asked for cheese and mushroom but there was hardly any of either in it. Considering how much Hilton charge for breakfast I was extremely disappointed and won't buy breakfast at Hilton again.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for the Olympia & Westfields,"We booked this hotel as we were going to an event at the Olympia. The hotel is conveniently located near the Shepherds Bush Tube Station and the Westfield shopping centre. It is also only a short walk to the Olympia.   The staff were friendly, the rooms were tidy and the breakfast was good.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mrs C,"Great hotel really enjoyed our stay, the staff couldn't have done anymore for us, location was good not far from the bus stop, or the underground, breakfast was delicious, always plenty of food, and a good choice.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay elsewhere,"We checked in today with multiple rooms and all family members for 3 days in London.  What a disappointment, to the point I am embarrassed by the condition of the property.  I am a 25 year Hilton Honors member and this might be the worst Hilton I have ever stayed in.  The wallpaper is peeling off the walls in the hallway , the room is marginally clean, the furniture is very banged up and in disrepair, the bathroom is musty and moldy, and to top top it off we have found at least 1 bug so far in 6 hours.  If you are going to spend $250+ for a room, stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding hilton hotel,"Great experience and staff well great, executive lounge was wow, food was great, porter service friendly and helpful, receptionist great and ready to help but sometimes they may need to have more people in the reception",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good stay for a good price,"I was going to write this review earlier but missed the boat i think. The hotel is not exactly the tidiest of hotels and there are some fringe areas that need refurbishment. That said it's only noticing it as part of a critical head that i mention it. For the price we paid for 2 nights, the hotel met the standards we expected.  The room is small but we slept in it and that's all. I can see why if you were on a working trip and needed the space then the room would be too small but for us, taking in the sights of London, we weren't in the room long! Beds were comfy, views were over Shepherds Bush shopping district and no complaints from any element in the room. It did the job.  The bar area was pretty small. We found ourselves searching for seats and due to the decor, they weren't…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel review,"We stayed for 2 nights as we were visiting  Chelsea Flower Show. The hotel is large, modern but not luxurious. Room was very clean    and comfortable but rather small. Breakfast was good with lots of choice. The staff were friendly and efficient.  The hotel at night had a limited menu and was expensive for what it was. When we got back from Chelsea we were too tired to go out again so we decided to eat in the little restaurant area in the bar.  I had to send my food back as the steak wrap I had was full of fat and gristle and a bit of it smelt 'off'.  The chips were more like oven chips. They didn't charge me. My daughter had a burger and said it wasn't homemade and she cooked better ones herself. A decent hotel but just eat elsewhere at night (lots of restaurants in Westfield…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK - not great though,Stayed for the week whilst on business. Pro's: Rooms have A/c - but could be more efficient. Great breakfasts - loved the choice on offer; all very tasty. Good TVs in room. Con's: Location not great - too far out from central London and you need to navigate across busy roads and junctions from the tube (Sheppards bush)  Rooms in need of refurbishing. Too many tourists; trap for the evening meal rip-off (first time I've seen for many months service charges being applied to the bill)  Overall experience - OK not great though..,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"Decent size, clean and quiet room with modern TV, safe, fridge, wifi, iron etc.  Bathroom a bit dated.  Good breakfast with helpful staff.  Location good for western part of London - bus stop outside door and tube within walking distance.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor value for money,"The room we stayed in needed an update, the aircon system was noisy and inefficient, with temperatures at 29 and housekeeping struggling with our request for hypoallergenic bedding it made for a very uncomfortable stay.  The location was good as we were traveling to Olympia and also used the restaurants at Westfield.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Super hotel to stay ,"What an amazing hotel. Large and busy but we got individual attention. Very professional staff. Room was very comfortable, good bed, wifi. Bathroom was a bit dated, but no serious gripes.   Breakfast area is massive and busy. Suggest getting there early at 6:30 weekdays. Selection for breakfast is amazing. Stayed three nights.   Bus stop is across the road, bus 94 to Picadilly and 148 to Victoria were useful. Shepherd bush tube and train station a short five min walk away, but requires crossing the busy road thrice. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights. Location is quite far out, but very close to Westfield shopping centre. Check in was slow and quite bizarre - the check in desk was empty but they didn't seem to know what they were doing?? Couldn't understand us, didn't spek very good English, Couldn't find our bookings, didn't understand our names. Finally found the reservations with no apology for the delay. Room was shabby and in need of re-decoration. Very very small rooms. Tiny bathroom and there was no way to have a shower without flooding the bathroom floor. Water wasn't replaced for our second night. Breakfast expensive but very good selection.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Hotel is very close to a shopping center that is also an underground stop.  Plenty of places to eat and a grocery store for snacks and wine!  Our room was showing a bit of wear on the door but was comfortable.  Breakfast was standard fare and decent.  Hotel staff were helpful and friendly.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,There are better places to stay,"This hotel is tired and most employees are not trained in providing customer service. The housekeeping staff is akin to a rugby team in the mornings. When reminded we had traveled a long distance at great expense from 8 hours away, we were met w a shrug. They seemed to slam the doors harder, hit the walls more and made our mornings miserable. The televison did not work half the time and the climate control was terrible.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Old, old and worn",Hotel is always booked so owners don't see a need to update - rooms are worn and dated -the staff is mediocre at best. Price vs value is not good especially if something is going on in Kensington.....,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Older Hilton small rooms,"While the location is excellent, close to the underground the Rooms/bathrooms are small and shows excessive aging. The rooms at this Hilton really need a make over. Does not live up to the Hilton brand. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely,I felt like at home. Thank you very much!  I stayed while I was moving from my old house to my new one and helped a lot. The next time I need accommodation I will come here for sure. Perfect location and service. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Is it really a Hilton?,"Wow! I booked this place, because the name usually stands for quality - not so much in this case. Rooms need updating: ripped carpet, broken tiles, shabby bathroom, smelly cupboard. Room service: rang many times - no answer. Then I called reception, who put me through. After ringing for ages, an unfriendly voice answered and eventually hung up! Eventually the friendly girl at reception offered to take my order. My order: Angus beef burger with cheese and bacon and fries. Very bad choice! I don't remember, if I was ever served a worse burger - and the fact, that they forgot the bacon was the least problem!",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, Grubby , Unfriendly, and Expensive","First booking through Hotwire was a bad choice ,tiny room , tiny bed, fridge not working ,noisy, thin walls ( i could hear next door pee'ing) as i lay in bed ! this was supposed to be a 4 star at a 'secret price'  cost me £97 instead of the £178 now  I am supposed to be a Hilton Honours member -God knows where they would have put me if i hadn't been !",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not worth the four stars,I had high expactations for the hilton in kensington. I had to pay a lot extra for a single room. I can understand why i have to pay if i stay in a 2 bed room. But this was a verry small 1 person bed. I felt taken advantage of because i'm on my own. The room was verry clean. Except for some hairs in the bathroom. Breakfast was verry good. Staff was verry nice. All in all i'm a bit dissapointed with the hilton experience. ,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A first-class service,My wife and I have just returned from a weekend in London where we celebrated my wife's 50th birthday. We stayed in the Hilton Kensington. All the staff were excellent nothing was to much trouble. The room was very comfortable breakfast plentiful and everything very clean.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Stayed here in early April for a weekend arriving Friday and leaving Sunday. Turned out the hotel is in a perfect location just outside sheppards bush tube stop. We arrived early at 11 am and were to do a pre check in and leave our bags there which was great. The rooms were spotless and very modern if a little small but then that's normal for a big city. Didn't eat here so can't comment but hotel is great lovely and clean all around and with the perfect location we will be back. ,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient Locale, Great Staff!","Great location for the hotel, as it’s right next to the Shepherd’s Bush underground station, and terrific (and huge) Westfield Mall.  Staff was super nice. The rooms were a little small, but that’s to be expected in London. All Ubers stop around there too. And you’re right next to some great neighborhoods for restaurants and boutique shopping, including Notting Hill, Paddington, and Bayswater. It’s not the fanciest of Hilton hotels (it could do for some upgrading), but for an economical and convenient stay in London, it’s a good choice.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mum's 50th Birthday,"We booked one of the suites to have a bithday dinner for 100 people. We also booked two rooms for the immediate family. The rooms are a little dated, needs some paint. Food (breakfast) was good. Dinner party was fab and the chef cooked a brilliant meal for our guests. Staff members were very helpful, always smiling and delightful to have conversations with. Had isssues with payment as my second room was meant to be half price as we had three kids and three adults. Check out was a long one as I had to be refunded but overall it was a good weekend.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Large, slightly soulless hotel, but delivers standard Hilton quality","I often stay in the Hilton London Kensington whilst on business in London. The location is excellent. It is only a few minutes' walk from Shepherd's Bush underground station (location on the Central Line, and will get you to Oxford Circus in 11 mins) and it is also right next to the Westfield Shepherd's Bush shopping centre (so plenty of places to go and eat in the evening!) The hotel itself is large so it can feel quite soulless. However, it does deliver on standard Hilton quality. The rooms are standard Hilton, if a little dated. Comfortable beds and a reasonable size for central London. The bathrooms are slightly on the small size, but not too bad.  Breakfast is standard Hilton quality and one of the best that I have had whilst staying in London. There is a huge amount of…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great central hotel,"I stayed here whole attending a conference at Olympia. Good Hilton that comes with outstanding front desk service. I especially enjoyed the executive lounge, that made all the difference. It's location on the ground floor was handy.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A mixed bag.,"This Hilton hotel is a little dated and my single room reflected that fact. The wallpaper was peeling slightly with some ? water damage, and the shower recess was a little old and worn. That said, the room was still relatively clean despite the obvious ageing. This Hilton is very convenient to the Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherd's Bush station (after crossing a few roads). It isnt really that convenient to many London tourist sites, particularly if it is a rainy day. I was here partially for business and pleasure, and paid an extra 30 pounds a night to use the executive lounge as a single guest. The service in the lounge was excellent and I could not fault it. Overall, this Hilton is a bit of a mixed bag. Would I stay again? Probably not.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Patchy service, rooms unbearably hot","Check in and desk staff very helpful, however try to order something to eat/drink in the bar and you could be waiting a very long time. The two staff on duty were too busy fiddling with things behind the bar to bother looking up and serving their customers. Eventually gave up and went elsewhere.   This is one of those hotels that turns A/C on during summer season only, and the rooms were unbearably hot. (Several of us staying in rooms for a conference, all had the same complaint.) Breakfast is the usual mass prepared buffet with tired-looking eggs and scary tomatoes. Entertainment was provided by an American who decided to put cheese on his bread then send it through the conveyor belt toaster, setting the thing on fire.   It's a good enough business hotel. Wouldn't use it for…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very inconvenient location,"If you are visiting London this hotel is about as far away from the city proper that you can get. Luckily there is a Tube station a few blocks away, but if you spend the day sightseeing and want to go back not the city for dinner, it requires too much travel. There is a mall near the Tube, but dining places are very run of the mill.  The rooms are unacceptably small for two people. After we complained and was told that there were no other available rooms we spoke to another person and an upgrade found which we were very pleased with.   Because the standard room is so small and the location terrible for a tourist, I would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value but get real with free wifi,"This hotel ticks all the boxes in terms of location and value in a City where hotels can be exhorbitant and poor quality. Tube nearby and easy access to the centre of London. Breakfast a bun fight but but good reliable buffet of ok fare. The one thing that lets it down is wifi at 12.99 a day.... in 2017 this is ridiculous and so my review gets a big mark down. For those travelling on business or living in the current era, wifi is central to what we do. Why do Hilton rip us off on this?",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,Stayed here as attending meeting at hotel. Reasonable location in Holland Park but not central to city. Easy access to tube stations on circle line. Very close to Westfield shopping centre. Only place to get food in hotel in evening was lobby bar. Very busy but reasonable choice though expensive. Apart from shopping centre no restaurants  in immediate area. Staff helpful and rooms well presented. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No free Wi-Fi,Hotel needs refurbishing. Asking 12£/24hrs for wifi in the room is not done in my opinion. We live in the year 2017! Great breakfast.  Easy connection with underground and overground at shepherds bush to the city center.,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,better than I expected based on other reviews,"I am a frequent Hilton traveller and was concerned about some of the reviews before I arrived but I found the hotel a pleasant experience. Despite arriving way ahead of check in time, my room was ready and I was given the key. Check-in was swift and the staff were friendly. The room looked newly decorated and the bed was large and comfortable. I was pleased to find a bath and shower as I am old school and like a bath when away. The bathroom, however, was a little dated with a rusty shower rail but the rest of the room made up for this. Concierge were efficient and gave us good local knowledge regarding Portobello Rd and the buses. As a Hilton Honors guest I had access to the executive lounge and I was pleasantly surprised with the drinks available and canapés which were better…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,"I used my Honors points for one night with my mum. We got an upgrade which is often the case for HH members but can't really see what was deluxe about the room other than it was park view. The decor and bathroom was a little tired- shower curtains these days??! Can't fault the service, as you'd expect in Hilton although I do find it odd allowing you to choose a room and pre order items for arrival if it's ignored anyway. Also the mini bar was completely empty which meant we had to order room service at a premium! Other than that this hotel serves its purpose. It was a good location for us but if you want to be nearer the West End then it is either £40 in a cab or 30 mins on the tube (if you can be bothered!). I was surprised at how uncomfortable the beds were as I've never had a…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could be better,"I've stayed in Hilton hotels all over the world and I have to say that the London Kensington hotel does not compare all that favourably with many others. It's quite outdated - the bathroom in particular - and I found my room to be quite oppressive because whilst the room had some form of air conditioning it was not possible to open a window (it was locked shut 'for safety reasons') in order to get some fresh air. The main restaurant was not open. Dinner - which was actually rather good - had to be taken in what was, in effect, an offshoot of the bar complete with football on TV. And the car park! OK. It's good to find a London hotel with a car park but this one is accessed down a narrow and very steep ramp - so steep that my car actually grounded at the bottom. And it's…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Base to Tour London,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 4 days prior to a UK tour, and a further night pin return. We stayed in a mini suite with Exec Lounge for the first 4 and a regular run of house room at the end. The mini suite was spacious but in need of a heavy clean and refurb. The run of house room appeared to have been remodeled and was fine. Beds, linens and towels the usual Hilton high standard. The Exec option was great, allowing for cocktails, snacks and breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere. The buffet breakfast was excellent and staff did well with the extremely busy room. We had dinner at the lobby bar one evening and it was good as well. I would like to especially make mention of the awesome concierge service.Anthony, Tim and Rachid arranged our airport transfers and luggage…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My go to hotel,"I stay in this hotel at least 30 times a year and find it meets all my needs. Staff are very good rooms are fine and hotel although a little tired looking has a good atmosphere unlike some hotels that are souless. I have a room preference which on most occasions is met but on this trip my reserved room has been given to someone else. The reception staff were very apologetic and booked me into the Presedential suite, what a nice surprise!",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, shame about the decor.","My partner and I stay in Hilton hotels pretty regularly but hadn't yet stayed in this one. We booked this for one night as we had plans in London at the weekend. The hotel is in a fabulous location, the staff are polite and helpful and the bar is great. The only thing I would say is that the rooms need updating. We were in a suite and everything was clean and tidy and the bed was comfortable enough but the carpet and ceilings are stained and the desk and wardrobes are chipped as you can tell the rooms haven't been updated in quite some time. Still well worth a stay here as it's good value for money.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"As London Hotels go this one is better than most in terms of room space, storage, security and it has elevators. Many do not. The food is overpriced, even for London and there are many other choices with better preparation in the immediate neighborhood. It is very close to a major tube and rail station and is situated in an upscale neighborhood. The rates are reasonable and we found it a very good base for our London trip. Do not expect a cheerful staff to greet you. They have more important things to do.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below Average - rushed service. ,"I stayed in this hotel for two nights.   Let's start with the good. My room was clean on arrival. The breakfast food is good when you're given the time to taste it.   Now for the rest.   I arrive & check in. No TV working. I called reception and they told me someone would take a look. No one turned up. I went to bed.   Next morning I go for breakfast. It's medium with quite a few spare tables. I eat my hot food and go up for some fruit, I return about 2 minutes later (there was a small queue) and my entire table has been cleared including my coffee and Juice, and someone else has been sat down. Thanks for that. I tell someone and promptly get a new table (BECAUSE THERE ARE LOADS OF OTHERS YOU COULD HAVE USED)   I get myself a bread roll and some butter, get up to go and get some…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Had a 3 night break with my sister.  This hotel provided a great location for the things we planned to do.  The only thing we found a problem with was that the beds were not very comfortable.  Other than this the restaurant and bar were very good and there was a good choice of both food and drink.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love the location just wish I could get a good nights sleep. Should have a GOOD button on trip advisor,Been to the hotel a few times now. Great location and a good breakfast in the morning to start your day. We stayed in a suite this time but unfortunately the bed creaked so much everytime one of us moved it woke as up at various times throughout the night. Room 1017. A real shame. Did mention this to reception in the morning and they were going to put a note on the file. In our opinion to ask to change rooms in the middle of the night wasnt what we fancied doing so we suffered it. Is is now the second time at the hotel that we have had a poor nights sleep,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK for U.K.,This hotel is located on the outskirts of London but near the underground so still quite convenient. The Hop On Hop Off bus picks up right in front. The restaurant had a limited menu but the food was very good and prices were reasonable. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best  hotel location to stay in London,This location is walking distance to 2 Tube Stations - Shepherd's Bush and Holland Park. It is also close to the Westfield Mall - a lot of choices in the Food Court and other restaurants. Also walking distance to Notting Hill and across Holland Park. There is also a Tesco grocery for your other needs. The Hop on Hop off bus starts at this location. Also walking distance to St Francis of Assisi - Catholic church. It is 30 to 40 minutes by airport transfer to Heathrow Airport.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Matching expectations ,"I like the hotel , really it meets my expectations. Staff is very helpful,breakfast was taste with enough variety,welcoming makes happy at the lobby and restaurant of course at consierge too!Location is fantastic,exactly infront of it bus station:) and in a walking distance to Westfield shopping mall & tube stations. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,65th Brithday celebration,"I brought my mother to London for her 65th birthday and chose the hotel on location/price. On arrival the reception staff were very friendly, allowing early check in and a room upgrade too. After going out to tea and a show, the hotel had put a celebration cake in my mother's room and given us access to the Executive lounge for breakfast. These touches really helped to make it a special trip for us both ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, small room","Stayed a night here before leaving London, at the end of ten days of travelling. Chose this hotel because it's next to the Westway heading to Heathrow. I'm a gold Hilton member, but I wasn't offered an upgrade. However, they gave us complimentary breakfast and a late checkout (although there was some confusion initially over gold benefits during email correspondence). The room was small, and could barely fit more than two medium-sized bags. The bathroom was even smaller, with a single mini-sink, a little shower cubicle and a tiny toilet. But the standard Hilton amenities were provided and everything worked well: good shower. Breakfast was enjoyable, decent coffee and surprisingly good croissants. Fifteen minutes' walk takes you to Portobello Market, five minutes gets you to…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value and convenient,Our room was very comfortable and the hotel very close to tube station. Kensington palace nearby with bus stop round the corner.  Breakfast excellent offering much variety. Everything you need for a weekend in London.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quick Check in,"A great location friendly staff comfortable bed everything you need, Although showing a bit of wear one of the lights was out but the excellent Breakfast made up for that. Would i stay again yes its is handy location is right for me.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What a shame to show the Hilton brand in this manner,"Generally when you think of the Hilton Hotels brand, you would expect to receive great service, a nice modern room (as a Hilton should lead by example), all set in a clean and modern atmosphere.  Here you will find absolutely none of the above! From check-in which seemed to take an age served by staff with an attitude, we were then directed to our room on the 4th floor. Never have I stayed in a hotel where there are holes in the walls where pictures have been taken down; evident by the perfectly rectangular staining. The room was drab, very well outdated and smelt musty. The corner light was covered in a thick layer of dust and the bulb was black; we didn't try turning it on. The carpet was stained and the archaic fridge was empty (why the need to take an imprint of a credit…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel paper thin walls,Paper thin walls. Could hear everything said on phone in room next door I felt I could take the meeting on her behalf I knew everything from who she liked to who was on hit list Apart from that nice hotel bed a little hard for me but enjoyable experience ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Big name small service,"Stayed here for two nights,lovely location two minute walk to Shepherd's Bush tube,so that was great,unfortunately the staff did not live up to the name,the room was small,again not too much of a problem,but the room was shabby and required tidying up decor wise.The breakfast was very good though,and plenty of choice.To give other attitudes to this hotel,it is used by lots of flight crews,so they maybe have better rooms",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not bad. But the bed far too HARD!!,"Stayed here for 2 nights whilst working nearby. Room was 4th floor standard double overlooking the Westfield Roundabout. On the plus side... The staff very helpful when they discovered our personal belongings and overnight bags were stolen from the car that afternoon and assisted with replacement emergency medication etc. Room was clean but basic, but very warm.. The sun had shone in all day and the curtains had been left open. The A/C unit didn't do anything except circulate the warm air about. But the bed! OMG. Might have been softer on the floor. A bit creaky too so it was a good job I was on my own!!  Ate in the Avenue Bar.. White wine not v chilled and mediocre pizza with McCain oven chips. Hmm. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for Royal Albert,"Perfectly located hotel for when seeing a show at the Royal Albert, as we were.  Hotel is a little older and more tired than most Hiltons. Our room had a few problems, though nothing we could live with for the one night. Breakfast was a little chaotic, ran out of hot buffet items which was disappointing for a Hilton. Rooms are small too.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London escape,"This hotel is ideally situated and public transport on the doorstep. There are parts and rooms in need of a facelift or at least a brush up. It is sad to say that it is hard to converse with some of the staff, unfortunately the front desk is probably the worst. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Handy Hilton,"My daughter and me had one night at this hotel as it was very convenient for Westfield Shopping and for the tube up to the west end for the theatre.  The twin room was a decent size, very comfy beds, tea and coffee and on signing up to free loyalty programme we had free water and free wifi, although to be fair it was a little difficult to get on line at the back of the hotel where we were. That said, the room was very quiet as it didn't overlook the busy road to the front.  The bathroom was a little cramped and tired and the climb into the bath for the shower was very high ! The shower was reasonable, I would have preferred a walk in.  The hotel was pretty busy, didn't get a chance to try the bar and breakfast but the decor and ambience seemed good. The staff were very charming.…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing Hilton,"Room was very small with worn out furniture . Not well cleaned with some small unidentified objects on the wall and ""private"" items belonging to prior guests that were not cleaned away by the maids .  The room was very dusty.  . We believe based on our discussions with hotel staff that there is no difference between booking a ""standard"" room and a ""luxury "" room. As a ""Gold"" Hilton member we had hoped for a room with something more than a view of an adjoining roof but, we were again disappointed.  The staff has been told that only ""Diamond"" level has access to the Executive Lounge (which is very ordinary by European"" Hilton Lounge standards.).  We had to show them an email from Hilton that said Gold had the access as well.  Harrods is almost a three mile walk and Notting Hill…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton by name but somewhat short on Hilton standard,"I use this hotel up to 6 times per year as I am a Hilton Honors member and it is convenient for my business visits in London. But I am beginning to wonder if I need to look elsewhere as it does not live up to the Hilton brand in several areas. The digital check in is great but I had to wait 20 minutes to collect my key because a leader of a group monopolised the Reception area (not enough staff on duty) - other hotels have a separate Reception area for group bookings and check in.  The room 1042 was small, dark and tatty in places - in decoration and in the bathroom. There were not enough plug sockets and there were no USB charging points. The plug sockets by the work desk were so low I had to move the desk to provide space to plug in the chargers for my IT equipment.   The…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,"Certainly not what l am used to compared to other Hilton Hotels. This accommodation was supposed to be prepaid in December 2016, so l was shocked to find out on Day 3 that in fact HHonors had not prepaid the account. From day 1, fridge not working, bathroom plug not working, bathroom basin plug not working, bed squeaking, hair dryer not compatible in bathroom plug and a terrible view across the roof. No quality wines in Executive Lounge but a to die for buffet breakfast and the best cofffe made by host Stephen. Be nice as a Hilton Hhonors member that we were welcomed by the GM. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sixth stop...London! The Hilton Kensington...dreadful if you're in a wheelchair!,"On our arrival in London, we were dropped off at the Hilton London Kensington. The location is in a pleasant area, but other than the lobby and hallways, we found the room to be a great disappointment. We were to be there for two nights, but expected that we would be staying in a much more elegant hotel, considering we were in a ""Hilton"".   [Since this is a hotel review, we'll omit the fiasco we had with our Hilton Trafalgar Rep ""Dario"" (assigned to us after our other Trafalgar Tour Rep--the one that was with us for the previous week--dropped us and ran like her pants were on fire...btw, thanks for that, Deborah Wiggins.) Anyway, this new Hilton Trafalgar Rep ""Dario"" did absolutely nothing to assist us in our London experience. Nothing at all, except send us to the tour desk to…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel pricing is getting too complicated,"If you go to the Hilton website, you will find literally dozens of fares for the same room. Some offer breakfast, others free parking or internet, upgraded rooms or infinite combinations of the above. That may explain why the staff here, as friendly and patient as they were, found so many ways to make mistakes on my booking. I booked four nights for my wife and me at one rate and one room for my brother and his wife for a single night at a different rate. Checking in took several hours as I kept going back to the desk with a new development, such as non-functioning keys. The worst misstep on their part was giving me a key to a room that was already occupied. I knew something was wrong when I entered the (empty) room. Towels were strewn about and there was general disorder. When…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very comfortable and peaceful room.,"I was staying here, courtesy of the company I was representing at a book fair, and was given a single room next to the left on maybe the 3rd floor. The room was 'L' shaped and there was no noise from the lifts or other guests at any time. Although the room was compact and was very comfortable with a good sized bathroom, and the water was very hot for showers etc. There was very good energies in the room and I very much enjoyed my visit; each time I arrived back in my room after the fair I felt I didn't want to go out again, as it was so peaceful :)",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NIce,"one of the best hotel in London. delicious breakfast and friendly staff. next time I willl stay in this hotel as well. so close for my job, so close for good attraction. I recommend in 10000000%.  thanks",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed but staff good and helpful,"We stayed 2 nights over the London Marathon weekend. The room we had was smallish and basic, although was a decent price considering for accm in the city. Hotel in general was okay, but in my opinion a bit dated and more for business than holiday.  Bar prices were very expensive. Staff helpful and friendly. Breakfast was excellent. Would use to short term transit, but not for a holiday base if u can afford more.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Old facility, noisy hotel with bad services","Location is not bad, but the staffs, especially at the reception are neither helpful nor professional. We are diamond members for long time, but they offered us only noisy room with broken air conditioning. Cleaning lady also lazy:bath room is party dirty, and there was chocolate on the wall of the elevator hall for the whole time when we stayed there. No bathrobes and slippers in the room. We had to call so many times to get them. This hotel is cheap and nasty. If you have diamond states, I recommend you to stay another Hilton Hotels in London.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, pleasant stay","We stayed here as part of a tour.  We would have picked something closer to the downtown highlights of London, but it was a very nice neighborhood with great transportation nearby.  Our room was full of furniture and small spaces to walk around.  The bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean.  Like a lot of European showers, it was narrow at the shower head end and a big step to get in.  Not a problem for us, but I could see for some it would be an issue.    They had one of the best breakfasts I have had at a hotel.  Many selections, great service and good quality.  All the staff we interacted with were genuine and happy to help.  If I needed to be in this part of town, I would stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel experience in a long time,"When we arrived they said they did not have our booking which we had pre-paid for, so the ended up double billing us for a room we had already paid for.  The room was very modern, not my taste.  We asked for a double room but they gave us a twin room, probably due to the classist and homophobic front desk staff.  The beds were awfully uncomfortable.  Wifi and breakfast was not included but it generally is in every other hotel in London in this price range.  I will never stay in another Hilton, neither will any of my friends or family.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired room / Great Location,"Very poor check in with the night reception team, saying I haven't paid when I had, however the following morning the manager looked into my complaint and dealt with to my satisfaction.   Rooms are tired and not to a 4 star I would expect from Hilton. Location was excellent, across the road from West Field Shopping Centre.   Breakfast was excellent. All in all I would return if the price was right. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in kensington,"Here for business meeting it has multiple conference rooms.  It easy to reach this hotel that is just few minutes far from London Olympia, if you have there your event.  Good staff, good place to stay during a business travel. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"We were there for my husbands birthday surprise, Check in was excellent and we were upgraded! The bedroom is not large, but the bed is! Everywhere was spotless, there was a good selection of tea and coffee, ample storage space and a great shower. Breakfast was outstanding and although it was busy it was managed very well, the selection was extremely good and everything was cooked perfectly. The executive lounge was a very nice surprise and we had a few drinks before heading into the city with family for dinner. Every member of staff that we came across were friendly and very polite. We will return, because we had such a wonderful time!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over priced and overrated. Expect 2.5/5 stars.,"If you've stayed in other quality hotels, this hotel may fall below your expectations.  Stay away from level 1. It has a horrible stench in the hallways.  Don't get sucked into buying a deluxe room. It was far worse than the standard we stayed in on level 4.  Overall will never voluntarily stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,The hotel is ok but not as good as I'd expected.  We asked for a different room as it was very shabby and we did get one.  The staff are lovely and very helpful.  The breakfast was ok.  The wifi access was incredibly frustrating.  The hotel location is superb!,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a great return,"Stayed here before and it was great.  Check in was brilliant, professional and friendly.  Executive Lounge was like a feeding and drinking frenzy, wasn't a pleasant sight.  Room - bed, pillows and bed linen all Hilton spec and so comfortable but no air con which made the room unbearably hot.  Ended up having to ask reception for fan.  Not a good nights sleep....no sleep at all to be fair.  Breakfast was very good, large selection and very tasty.  But why do hotels insist on sitting people so close together when the rest of the restaurant is empty......we were sat so close we were almost on initimate terms with our neighbours!",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Central, scenic & sociable","Getting in late from a long journey, it was great to see smiling faces. Had a great room and enjoyed the inhouse food & wine. Room service was fast and delicious. Central to everything and moving around London on business. Nice to feel like home away from home.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Maths conference in an excellent setting,Excellent setting. Excellent coffee and snacks through the day. The buffet lunch was exquisite and all attendees complimented the hotel on the service and standard of our conference setting. Friendly young staff waiting on us all and a great buffet lunch-best Maths conference food I have had,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old run down room with squeaky beds,"It is definitely the worst Hilton I've stayed at. After a 24 hours flight, I was told that the room wasn't ready and wouldn't know when it'll be ready by when trying to check in at 3:40pm. Stayed in a Twin Hilton Guest Room and thought I was staying in a 2 stars hotel (with a 4 star hotel price tag). As soon as I got out of the lift, the corridor had a strong smell of moth balls.  The room was old and the bathroom had bad water damage. Both beds were very squeaky and uncomfortable. Everytime my friend or I turn in the middle of the night, we would wake each other up. The Air Con does not work and the only way to get some air into the room was by opening the windows. The room faces the main street and it is super noisy as there's a 24 hours bus stop across the road. Most of the…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Grandson treat,"Myself & my 12 year old Grandson stayed here for Easter Weekend. This is a lovely Hotel & the staff were very friendly. Our room was ideal for us as we were sightseeing all weekend & the bed was very comfortable, great shower & tv for my grandson. Breakfast is usually £19.95 but one of the receptionists let us have it for £14 as she couldn't find my booking at first. It was a lovely buffet breakfast & everything to suit all tastes. This hotel is nearby the hop on hop off bus stop, als shepherds bush tube so ideal for getting around. We have already booked to go back feb 2018 we enjoyed it so much.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Simply awful,"There are Hilton Hotels which are acceptable and there are Hilton Hotels which are simply awful. The Hilton Kensington is the latter. I stayed in a double room in the 4th floor with the patina and style of the 1970s and very  likely this was the year when the rooms were refurbished the last time.  A tiny dirty little room with voices coming through the walls from next door and noise through the windows from the street. The highlight was room service, serving the worst burger I have ever had in my life. Smelled, looked and tasted like... To the management of the Hilton: if you can't do better, you should not do it!!!",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice enough ,Nice lobby. Lovely design and they had someone playing a piano.  The room was simple with a nice bed but nothing exuberant.  Design was average.  Not the best location but handy to walk to Westfield for shopping. ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"Honestly one of the nicest Hiltons I've stayed in in London and also very good rates compared to say Park Lane. The executive rooms are lovely and so is the executive lounge with complimentary drinks, breakfast and canapes in the afternoon.  Staff are always polite and friendly and the hotel is always immaculate.  Will stay again.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing from start to finish!,"Did not have a good experience at the Hilton Hotel at all! Checked in for the weekend as it was my birthday. We thought that we would treat ourselves to a nice classy hotel and boy were we disappointed. It took 1 hour to check in. The first room the bed was half broken and the condition in the room was poor. We complained and got a second room which they had double booked with other guests! We were promised that management would contact us as they were sorry for what had happened, but never did!  The room was old and run down. No hot water in the sink only cold water.  Cleaning staff did not clean properly. Ordered breakfast in the room and it never came...they had forgotten to deliver to our room. One thing after the other from start to finish. I will never book at this hotel…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Low standard,"Sad rooms, corridors and hall. Must be renewed. Despite the room service was fast (I've asked for an adaptor and I've received it very quickly), housekeeping never cleaned the desk and bedside table in 4 nights. Eventually once I was checking out they have tried to charge me almost 40 pounds extra. Mentioned it to the kind guy at the reception they made a refund. Maybe because they have upgraded me in a better room at the momento of the check in because mine wasn't ready yet.  Position not bad, in front of several bus stop and very close to the Shepherd bush tube station and Westfield mall.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel.,"We stayed here as a couple at the beginning of the month. Staff were helpful and friendly, the hotel was clean and breakfast was lovely. We were situated in a room away from the lifts, ice machine etc and were not surrounded by noisy neighbours so we had a lovely quiet and peaceful experience.  Location is good and not too far from central London.  Would stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service and Price-Performance-Ratio,"Accomodation and breakfast were excellent. Friendliness and professionality of the personell as well. We would choose Hilton Kensinton anytime again. We give extra points for the reception and for the quality of the beds, we slept very well! Rooms were clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shepherds Bush Hilton,"Not great value. The bedroom was tidy and functional but the bed was a little shaky and noisy - creaking. The air on worked well and not too noisy. The bathroom was in need of a refurb.  The door was sliding but not very smooth running. The shower was tiny with barely room to turn (I'm average size 5'10, 13st). The towels were great.  We've stayed elsewhere for less. Not great value but handy for our break.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington needs a major overhaul - way below international Hilton standards!,"I have stayed at this hotel over a dozen times as the location is suitable being close to Westfield and my usual places of interest. My last experience in late April 2017 was a complete disaster and sadly some of the issues have occurred during previous visits with no improvements at all. The room service and housekeeping staff lack basic training and keep forgetting, ignoring or delaying execution of simple instructions. The housekeeper thought I was in a standard room and reduced the water supply on a daily basis during a 4 night stay. Meanwhile I was in an executive room and a loyal gold member. They also did not include the standard items for executive rooms including vanity kits and face towels. This shows they had no idea on what to do!  Room service was also fraught with…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I Shall Return,"Good location, quiet, clean rooms. Staff were helpful, friendly, professional. Executive Lounge was great. Close to bus line and good restaurants. Nice walk from hotel to downtown London. Knowledgeable concierge (Tim) and reservations man, Panu.  Overall great stay thanks to Patricia Mahon (GM) and her fellow employees. Looking forward to our return.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London weekend ,"Friendly staff, good location next to 1 of Europe's biggest shopping malls, excellent selection for breakfast however a bit slow at clearing the tables, rooms a little on the small side but adequate. Good value for what we paid.    ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall a Satisfying Experience,"We arrived quite early so understandably the rooms were not ready yet, but the bellman took our luggage efficiently and held them at the concierge while we toured London. The rooms were on the small side but were clean and comfortable. Room service was tasty but a little overpriced, though I guess that's to be expected these days. The lobby and bar area wad cozy, the front desk and concierge was extremely helpful, and the gift shop was well-stocked. The location is also great, as the Shepard's Bush underground station and Westfield mall are just across the road. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton quality property,Tiny room where two adult travelers had no space to un pack or move around. The loo had the same issue. The closets as well. And the loo door had been beaten to a pulp by slamming the entry door into it. IMHO this is not acceptable for a Hilton and not for a HiltonHonors member. ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton quality,A hotel with great location (close to underground station) and friendly staff. The breakfast was good and service as well. Room was a bit small but it did not bother us. Clean room with Hilton quality. Food at the lobby restaurant was very good. And drinks too.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very kind and caring,We were lucky to be upgraded to the executive floor which meant we could use the lounge.  My husband has health issues so it was lovely to be able to have somewhere quiet to rest thoughout the day.  The staff were very kind and caring.  Thank you to MariaLuisa who looked after us.  All the food we had was excellent and the staff went the extra mile to help.  It was the first trip back to London on our own and they provided a safe haven.  Thank you.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not the best, not the worst","The outside of the hotel isn't much to look at but the location is great. Really close to the Metro, a huge shopping mall, and great shops and restaurants. The hotel bar is very nice with a good beer selection, TV's, and a good staff. However, the rooms were disappointing. It felt and looked more like a Holiday Inn than a Hilton. Clearly this was once another property of lower standards that they have fixed up. Our room actually had some type of paneling on the outside of the shower! 3 stars.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel,My wife and I were on a night away from the kids on a mini London break. I found this hotel on the internet for £120 with breakfast. This gets you a queen size bed and a shower based on suite. The quality of everything is superb as you would expect from the Hilton brand.   Good points: Quiet.  Clean. Staff all superb. Price good for London.  Breakfast buffet superb quality and lots of choice.   Improvements: Our room starting to look tired in places.  Shower controls upside down. (Hot turn left) Air con dreadful and didn't really cool.   Next visit to London I will come here again no real issues!! ,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"Didn't use the room much, but the breakfast was so great!  Staff was really nice. No issues at all. I would recommend this location for families. Lots of food and shopping nearby, and bus stops right across the street. Super convienient to get to. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disbelief ,"Check in to double deluxe. Any benefit of extra space taken up by third bed. This gets removed. Wish it hadn't as double bed is so uncomfortable with springs exposed and creaks with slight movement. In the morning I nip to reception and say how sorry I am, as a regular user of this hotel, to complain about the bed! Heavy sleeper, never normally troubled...could my mattress be swapped?  Nikolay said no. I mean he could ask housekeeping but they would also say no so no point! Probably couldn't move me but perhaps he could speak to manager? Suggest he did. Agreed I could be moved and concierge would pack up room for my return in 12 hours. To note at no point did he say sorry for my bad experience.  Return and get new key. New room. Zero luggage. Third bed!  Return to reception.…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington with my five year old for two nights last week. The staff were friendly, our room 2010 was very clean and a lovely room. A little noisy out on the front but didn't interrupt our nights sleep. A little bit of wear and tear visible but nothing to run out stay. I will book here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, good experience","The hotel has a friendly and helpful staff, and it is in an excellent location near the Shepherd's Bush tube.  The concierge helped us with taxis, tube routes  and restaurant recommendations.  Great experience",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great!,"Tiny room, broken shower head, average internet  ..overall not a great stay - wouldn't go back!  The buffet breakfast was quite nice - the ladies next to us must have also thought so as half the buffet ended up in their bags!",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location and extremely helpful staff.,"We stay in London frequently and for some years have always used this hotel and really love it. The staff are really friendly and helpful, the deluxe and executive rooms are very comfortable and the Executive Lounge is a great place in which to relax. The location is excellent; Holland Park is a lovely area, the park itself being one of London's hidden gems, and the hotel is only a few minutes' walk to the Central Line, Overground and numerous bus routes. It is also a pet-friendly hotel so bring your furry friend with you! Would recommend highly.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, clean, well maintained and helpful staff","Despite reading some adverse reviews, I decided on this hotel  for my family and myself due to its' convenient location for an 'overnight' whilst visiting relatives.  In truth, we experienced no problems at all and the staff were pleasant and helpful to all members of our party, including our two grandsons:  In the Executive Lounge, Victoria particularly so and, this morning, they enthralled by making fresh pancakes for the boys.  Judging from some guests and their 'jockeying for position' (British term for queue jumping!) some of the adverse comments are in all likelihood, simply 'sour grapes'  Whilst the rooms were a little smaller than the Hilton 'norm', they were clean, well maintained and perfectly adequate, accommodating an extra full-size 'roll-away' bed without problem. …",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staying for a week+ at Hilton Kensington,We valued the location of the Hotel and the overall standard of the services offered. We believe this is a good value for money by London Standards. This is not our first visit in this Hotel and it remains our first choice.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to Westfield,"The location is nice not the city center but close, If you want to go shopping at Westfield then this is the place to stay, other then that I don't find any other reason to stay here. The rooms are a little old and outdated and staff seemed busy and un organized.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"From the outside this hotel is fairly unimposing.   Stayed here three times now.  It's a typical late 60's early 70's concrete panel hotel.  Inside the public areas are up to date and do not reflect it's exterior.  Staff are excellent, I would not expect anything less of Hilton.    Roomwise, they are ok, a little dated, but that is my experience of Hiltons generally.  The hotel is very popular with Chinese/Japanese for some reason, but that just adds to the vibrancy of the place at meal times. My wife injured herself during our stay (offsite, I hasten to add) staff could not be more helpful during that period.  A big thank you to them for their support.  Amenities; several supermarkets in the area as well as some very good ethnic restaurants.  Holland Road is literally round the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable Rates for a First Class Stay!,"From the Concierge to the incredible Buffet Breakfast we absolutely loved our stay at this hotel!  The staff was typically British in their cheerful, helpful attitude regardless of the weather or any other question or issue presented.  I would absolutely recommend a stay at this hotel based on our experience!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London short stay,Hotel was in an excellent location close to amenities and only a short stroll from the excellent Holland Park. Great facilities and an excellent breakfast with plenty of variety. The rooms were well presented and had everything we required. We will definitely be returning in the near future!,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hit and miss, mostly miss","As a Hilton Diamond, I've stayed at this property a dozen times since 02.  Property is in desperate need of a remodel. Carpeting in lobby and executive lounge was torn tattered and discolored. Ottoman in room was so soiled that it could have well been from a ""by the hour motel"".   Three of four elevators would not consistently read guest cards requiring guests to queue for the one working elevator, front desk staff were daft and reissued rooms keys instead of addressing issues.    While the breakfast used to be good, it was as awful as a Fairfield Inn in central Illinois. Eggs and sausage served in Executive Lounge were room temperature  We paid 90GBP a night and barely received value. I'd be upset had I paid 125GBP for this experience. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel,"I always use this hotel while staying in London because of its location, and obviously so do a lot of tourists. Good bar and coffee shop, but the coffee shop gets really busy at breakfast time.  The Club Lounge is not the best in the Hilton locker but is acceptable.    On the down side this is an old hotel with small rooms that needs an upgrade.  However, the staff are always good and Antony the Concierge is one of the best I have come across.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Did the job,"Nice hotel in a great location. Best feature was breakfast. Staff in the restaurant were helpful and polite. The reason for the 3 stars had to deal with the staff outside the restaurant and room. Since the didn't deem it nessecary to turn on the chiller, the room was very warm. We had the window open a good deal of the time and since we were by the main road we had to listen to street traffic. The did bring up a fan and it helped a bit.  The front staff left a lot to be desired. Twice they seemed to be put off with basic requests and on check-in, one of the went on to critique our government and its stances, by not ""getting political"". That really made me mad after a 10 hour flight. Not the welcome I would give to someone visiting the US. Easy access to 2 tube stations, bus…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service ,We visited the Hilton in London's Kensington to celebrate my 65th birthday with family & friends. We stayed for 3 nights. The location is great - only a couple of minutes walk from Shepherds Bush tube on the Central line. The rooms could benefit from a bit of updating but it's immaculate and the beds are really comfy. The best thing though is the service which was impeccable! With a special mention to Joyce from The Netherlands who manages the restaurant and bar and who made our visit really memorable - nothing was too much trouble for her - this was management at it's best!,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very mixed experience,"Room was fine although a little small.  Lifts needed room cards to operate but it was hit and miss whether they worked! £13 for 24 hours Wifi ... really Hilton ... its 2017 not 2007. Bathroom was clean but tired ... fabric shower curtain,, pealing paint in places. Breakfast was as always good quality but running at full capacity despite trying both a 9am and a 9.30 am slot on the days we visited ( short wait for a table both days ). Breakfast staff were polite and friendly and very efficient... so commendation to them.  The front desk ... one word ... hopeless.  Booked two rooms using Tesco vouchers in advance ( so no payment required ). On arrival precharged both rooms to my credit card despite saying they were only precharging the customary £50 deposit, causing a fraud alert.…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but needs a facelift,"We have stayed at this hotel many times, but not perhaps for the last two years. It is very convenient for the tube and Westfields.   Our room was a deluxe double and we upgraded to lounge access. The room was very tired. The standard lamp light shade was burnt and had been turned to the wall. So we couldn't see it????  One of our coffee cups was dirty (still had someone's leftover coffee in it) but had the statutory paper lid on top. I got an electric shock from the bathroom mirror. I asked my husband to touch it and he, reluctantly did so and also got a shock!  We informed reception about both these complaints and the electrician visited whilst we were out and fixed it. I should also add we offered another room but we were only there another night and it was not worth it. But…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London get away,"I took my wife on a trip to London.  We stayed at the Hilton London Kensington.  Location was good.  Easy to catch a bus or Tube to the center of London.  The breakfast was great!  The room we stayed in was very small, dirty stained carpet.  We didn't look forward to coming back to our hotel room after a wonderful day in the London because it was a major downer. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and perfect location for a weekend in London,Our second stay at the Hilton Kensington.  Close to Westfield shopping centre and restaurants and tubes. plus bus stop outside was very useful.  Excellent customer service and a first class buffet breakfast.  Cannot fault the Hilton Kensington and would definitely recommend.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington for convenience,"Ideally situated for visiting London with Shepherds Bush tube just a short walk away as is the Westfield Shopping centre.  Easy access into all the tourist spots, theatres etc and on the main bus routes.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,I was a bit concerned staying here after reading some reviews but I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was a good size and overlooked a park and beautiful Georgian houses. The road noise did not disturb. The room was clean and I liked the big screen tv. It is close to a fantastic shopping centre and underground stations. It is about 15 minutes by underground to central london. I actually enjpyed coming back to a quieter area after a busy day. Breakfast buffet was good. Only criticisms I have is that on my first morning their one of the cleaners spoke very loudly outside my room at 6 something in the morning waking me. I had been up for 41 hours previously and really needed a sleep in. The other thing was I was not told breakfast was included until i re read my voucher on my…,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"We stayed for two nights. Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Friendly, helpful staff and a great location to go out and explore from! and of course Westfield shopping centre was just across the street! ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I used to love the service,"This was my fourth visit to the hotel. The reason why I chose this hotel was that their executive lounge is so cosy and has an excellent service! NOT ANYMORE..: well depends on the staff members!! I stayed there for three days, the breakfast staff was polite and helpful, but the evening staff members had their favourites (who they call my love, honey...) and in my opinion they were rude and unpolite. They did serve you the drinks, but the famous Hilton smile was missing (two nights in a row) and it can't be because one of them is expecting a baby and the other one needs to work harder (it is clearly not my fault!)  - that is how we felt. So I was not alone with my opinion!  They never told the visitors that they are closing the bar or service (like they do in every other Hilton…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location lovely hotel ,Myself and my partner stayed in this hotel last weekend. The hotel has a perfect location for shopping or just a few stops on the tube from the city centre. Our room was lovely although very small. There was no bath in the bathroom which we were a little disappointed with. There was no free wifi it had to be paid for. But overall we felt the hotel was lovely and we would stay here again! ,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location but charging for WiFi ?????? come on guys,"Hotel is not bad, rooms a little small but at least they are clean. What amazes me is that they have the balls to charge for the Hotel WiFi !!!!!! Come on, it costs you next to nothing to supply and all other hotels allow guests to use WiFi free of charge. I will not be staying there again.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired,"When you think about the Hilton chain you think quality!  This hotel had a very grand entrance, lots of Mable and gold and great service on check in.  However, the rooms.........tired and need updating.  It was a warm day I be city so on arrival the air con went on........it was so noisy I could not hold a telephone call with it on.  On arrival back at around midnight after a trip to the theatre it was still warm but unable to sleep with the air con on we had to open the window.  Sorry Hilton London Kensington unless you sort your bedrooms out won't be staying again",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs an update but generally good,"Hotel is in a good location, near the Shepherds Bush lines, 5th floor, good view and nice twin room.  Room did require an update, very 1990's, but everything worked as it should and was clean.  Staff were very nice in the bar area and the Passion Fruit Martini was amazing...I would stay again.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge,"Got back after a busy day out and about. Executive lounge was closed by 8.30, although it claims to be opened until 11 in the in room brochure. Very disappointed, wanted somewhere to relax and the bar was busy and noisy.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed at this hotel 10 years ago and we liked the location. This trip we took another family member and she liked the hotel also. The hotel has the #94 & #148 busses stop right outside the hotel front door. These bus lines run directly to Piccadilly Circus and the London Eye. With these buses we didn't take a hop on hop off bus. Also the Sheppard Bush tube station is 2 blocks away, and the tube will take you anywhere. We did all of the sightseeing and went to a couple of football games using the tube/subway trains. There is a huge shopping mall about 4-5 blocks away. The rooms were clean and slightly larger than most European hotels we've been booked into. Hotel staff was very helpful with food recommendations. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a face-lift ,"Staff were friendly on arrival, but took over half an hour and two calls to replace a faulty iron. The maids had clearly cleaned the room to a high standard, but years of use made the room feel dirty, with ripped furniture and the sort of bathroom you would be reluctant to step foot in. Great location though. Probably wouldn't have minded if we'd paid maybe £60-£70, but at £125 feel a little let down by Hilton, which are normally great. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, but....","Prime location near the shopping center of Westfield and Shepherd's Bush tube station, but the hotel itself is in desperate need of refurbishing. Lobby carpet is dirty and stained as was the carpet in our room. We paid for an upgrade and I'm not sure what that got us as our room was the size of a walk-in closet in the U.S. The bathroom was so small we could not be in it at the same time. When my husband was at the desk, I had to roll across on the twin bed to reach my suitcase on the other side as there was not enough room for me to walk behind his chair. The ""executive lounge"" also had torn and dirty carpeting. The U-shaped arrangement for the breakfast buffet in the executive lounge was very awkward as everyone got jammed into the space around the coffee machine.  Staff very…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nil,Poor room service. You have to wait more than an hour for your food but end up they told you they forgot to take your order!!!!.all the rest our problem  settle after we request change another floor & room.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, hot room","This was our second stay here, the first being in 2008.  We stayed here based on that trip, which was just about perfect.  However, this go round, they didn't turn the AC on so every night was a hot box.  That was the worst part though.  As for the rest of the stay, it was nice.  It is in a great location.  Literally, 5 minutes from the Tube and the very nice mall.  Buses stop right in front and go directly in to the center of London.  There is a second Tube station about 10 minutes walk.  Tons of stores nearby as well and Notting Hill (Portobello Market) is only 10 minutes walk.  Very clean hotel and the breakfast buffet was very nice and kept us going for most of the day.  The customer service was nice except for one.  The lady who checked us in made a comment about ""Your…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just about OK,Not what we would have expected for a Hilton. Dated furniture and decor and room was very small even for a double. Restaurant menu was quite limited and OK. Breakfast was normal buffet style and nothing special. The hotel is in a good location so there were good points. We wouldn't stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel for shopping at westfied. Upgrade your room for lounge access,"Myself and my partner are HH members so always look for hilton and we are always finding ourselves at this very hotel. we love it. we brought both our mums and my nieces for london with all lounge access and even they all loved it for a long weekend shopping. brilliant service and dont even have to lift a finger the staff are always helpful and replenish the refreshments in a heartbeat, the restaurant downstairs is fab but for breakfast upgrade your room and have the lounge access! fantastic every time. (stayed 4 times)",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,“Good value and a Special stay”,"I highly recommend this venue. this was our 2nd time in the same property, The staff cannot do enough for you, Special thanks to the lady at the front desk Sarah for helping out with the rooms are very clean and comfortable and the location is great. Short walk to the underground and above ground railway and the hop on hop off bus is across the road. All in all, a very good experience Excellent location, good service, breakfast very good, friendly staff, nice decoration, spacious rooms ..sure will visit again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal Hotel for city trip,"We were already several in this typical Hilton. Very nice service and a good executive Lounge. Next to Westfield shopping center, one of the biggest in the world. Next to Notting Hill and Portobello market ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay here!,"Ever so convenient, quiet, incredibly gentle staff, and just outside of the bustle of the tourist center. We couldn't recommend this more highly, despite a couple of small signs of a well-loved hotel (older carpets and a bit of wear on comfy furnishings). Oh, and the bed was beyond comfortable after cross-Atlantic flight, and the breakfast was breathtaking compared to US hotel breakfasts.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service in a great location,"Stayed on a Saturday night in a Double Executive Room. Hotel is easy to access from Shepherd's Bush tube (Central line), no more than a few minutes walk. From arrival was made to feel valued as an Honors customer. Check in was efficient before I went up to my room to discover some chocolate dipped strawberries and a small bottle of wine, a very nice gesture from the hotel management. It's these little touches that can make hotel stays all that bit more memorable when hopping from hotel to hotel on a working trip.  Executive lounge was spotlessly clean (after I got in - my room key wouldn't open the door, but the lounge staff were quick to sort me out), and the complementary refreshments, fast WiFi (free as an Honors guest) and comfortable surroundings made for a pleasant working…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London through a capsule,When it comes to a birds eye view and taking in the English city in one frame the London eye provides a perfect opportunity.. Step into the capsule and secure your place and camera in position to get an aerial shot of big Ben and Buckingham palace. Designed artistically you need not worry about the perfect spot in the eye as the ferris wheel offers a good sight from all angles,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Noisy, non functioning rooms","Had to move rooms at 2am due to loud noises in the rooms surrounding. Moved to an older room in the hotel, TV didn't work, key card slot to turn the electricity on in the room didn't work, minibar empty, noise from aircon units outside, bedside lights didn't work . . . very poor form what is meant to be a very reputable hotel",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton standard,"We stayed in what was called an executive suite.   It did have a separate sitting room with a double sofa, however the bedroom was of standard size with only a queen bed and a tiny bathroom, which was described as elegant with luxury products which was untrue.   It is one of the worst suites we have stayed in, the furnishings were tired and damaged, one of the lights in the bathroom did not work and was in need of total refurbishment.   The staff in general did not appear to enjoy their work and were neither helpful or welcoming, with no explanation of the hotel or amenities on check in and no recognition as a gold Hilton honors member. The staff in the exec lounge were an exception.   The breakfast was OK, but again the service was poor with loads of tables with dirty dishes…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel.,I stay here for short visit. The bus station is in front of the hotel. Very easy to go to central of london with bus. Buffet breakfast is lovely. I can leave my luggage to hotel and come back to take it to airport later. Staff is friendly. room is big and nice.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The most mazing staff.  So kind.     I would never stay anywhere else when I am in London.  Amazing people,Incredible staff. Because they are so kind to you. Trust me you will walk  away feeling happy because of the way your treated at the Hilton Kensington    If your staying in London you like to stay at the Hilton Kensington because of the staff.   Location is excellent  staff is wonderful ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great location, fantastic staff and an empty frigobar",this hotel is located near by the Westfield Shopping Mall & great neighborhood to walk (near Holland Park). the staff was  very friendly. the room were tidy and clean but with an empty frigobar (noticed when I wake up in the middle and wanted to drink something) ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,Nice hotel close to Westfield Shepherds Bush.  Rooms were a little on the small side but good all the same. No free wifi which was a big let down.  Good breakfast with plenty to choose from and available from 6.30am which helped get out the hotel early.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short break,"Had a lovely mid week break here this week. Firstly let me say that our room was very comfortable and clean however the bathroom could do with a lick of paint. Breakfast was terrific - just as you would expect from the Hilton. Wifi however was terrible. We didn't pay for the wifi as I have never paid in a Hilton for this but make do with the free option however here at the Kensington it was hopeless. Stayed at the Doubletree Hyde Park in January and their wifi was no problem.  Leaving the wifi aside, this hotel is very close to Shepherd's Bush Tube (5 mins) and about a 10min walk from Holland Park tube. It is also about 5 mins from the Westfield Shopping Centre. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good exec lounge,Good location but the hotel is tired and really needs a revamp Staff were excellent and made up but really the hotel needs a complete overhaul Everything is clean and functioning but it is just so dated  Good exec lounge though,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,LOVELY STAY,We stayed here for one night and found the hotel to be very clean and nice and so close to tube stations and the Westfield shopping centre is just across the road Our room was lovely with a very comfortable bed and plenty of space to move around The Breakfast was plentiful with a very good selection to choose from plus the service from the staff is very good.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good nights sleep,"Recently stayed over on business, friendly staff, nice room, nice bar, and had a great nights sleep and a very enjoyable breakfast. recommended. and the location was perfect for me to get to meetings and OLympia expo",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Back for our yearly stay,"We tend to stay here at least once a year. This time it was for a visit to the Ideal Home Show and a trip to the theatre. Hotel is still quite nice, but starting to show it's age. Check-in was done on line and I was given a free upgrade, so it was nice and quick when arriving at hotel. Room was nice size, decent bed and nice shower (wish hotels would have room with showers only and get rid of the baths). Breakfast was excellent. Free internet was offered but this simply failed to work One tiny quibble in that I wish Semi Skimmed (and not just Whole milk) was offered on the tea/coffee tray in the room Yes I would be stay again, assuming price was ok",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small, very hot and a bit old.","We stayed at this hotel for a night while in London. The lobby area looks clean and nice, but the room we had was very tiny. The corridor looks old and the general appearance of the room was not great. The main point was the temperature in the room : boiling hot !! Even after after having the so-called air conditioning on for a few hours, it was still way to hot and we had to wake up in the middle of the night to open the window. Overall it's not very good value for money and I would recommend looking elsewhere when looking for a pleasant hotel in London.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The good: location, security, cleanliness, comofrtnof bed and bedding.   Needs improvement:  Some staff members seem overworked and thus unable to provide their best service  Had to call about remote and fridge - these things should be part of standard pre-arrival check by staff  Requested wake-up call did not come. (The breezy attitude of the receptionist did not inspire confidence so I did set my own phone alarm, thank goodness.) Sincere apologies were offrered when reported.   Put bus information on the website. The hotel is so conveniently located to bus 94, 148 right outside the door.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service!,Wonderful service at breakfast. Provided big foam bed for our Pug. Great location too. Good restaurants at Westfield as well as good shopping. Great king sized beds. Fridge in room. Parking under hotel but free on street parking Sundays!!!! ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quite ok.,"Stayed for 1 night over the weekend in March. The hotel is quite large and we were given a room on 6th floor. The corridor was claustrophobic really. I am 6'1'' and didn't have to raise my hand much to touch the ceiling. There were also signs of wear in the hall - wallpaper peeling off, gaps in the skirting.... not something I was expecting from Hilton. The room was ok for 2 of us, but it was the 'executive room, so I am not really sure how small the regular room is, but probably 'squeezing sideways' small. We didn't get the breakfast added on, but it looked ok. Not sure if it was worth £14.00 additional charge that they push on as much as possible.  Its exactly what you paid for - a Hilton on the west side of London, so don't expect it to be dazzling",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a fan from my (brief) stay,"As always, I will try and find the positives and negative aspects of the experience and try to be balanced...  On the positive side, the location is easy to get to - Shepherds Bush Rail/Tube station is about 200m from the hotel with connections into the centre of the city. The lobby, restaurant (breakfast) and bar (dinner) seemed fine, food was good - nice and spacious, light and well laid out. The lounge opens at 6:30am for breakfast unlike other locations I have visited.  On the flip side, I got an 'upgraded' room and still had something that was tiny (3m wide), overlooked the roof of the lobby and had peeling bath enamel... dread to think what the non-upgraded rooms are like! TV was not working when I arrived - but fixed it, and a small card in the room said to use TV to…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Back Again,"I had an opportunity to return to London this past week, and while I had many hotel choices, I elected to return to the Hilton London Kensington with my older son.  We had a lovely room, were allowed to check in just before noon, and enjoyed the same pleasant service. The location is great ... in a quiet area close to shopping and dining. I was saddened to see that the Morrison's supermarket around the corner had closed. Staying away from the Westminster tourist area has SO many advantages. We used the tube ... AND we walked. It was less than 3 miles to Harrod's Knightsbridge. Tip: If you are going to stay here, and you fly into Heathrow ... take the Tube (Piccadilly Line)from Heathrow to Hammersmith, then connect to the Circle or Hammersmith Line, and walk from Shepherd's Bush…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"If you just want a standard hotel, this is it.","Pro: -Great location, literally right across across a roundabout from the Shepard's Bush underground station; and across the street from the #94 bus stop; within walking distance of Notting Hill -the single room I had was more than adequate and not too small, pleasantly decorated though modern in design, so if you want a more traditional, elegant decor, this would not be for you -check out was quick and uneventful -The breakfast buffet though pricey at 19.95 pounds is really good. The food was really hot and tasty and the porridge was excellent.  Cons -Upon check-in at around 11:00 am or so, the person at the reception desk did not seem pleased that I wanted early check in even though I had specified this through my travel agent.  They had a room available immediately, so I'm…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worn out 1980's Travelodge,"The place is a dump. Staff even apologise for the age of the rooms. If you think this place is nice you've been staying in some pretty dire hotels. Hilton are now just a poor mans Travelodge, but not as nice.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Weekend Break,"Just had a fabulous stay at this hotel.  We booked an Executive Double Room with lounge access.  We requested early check in between 2 and 3 pm which went smoothly.  We also requested a quiet room which we also were given.  Our room was lovely with a huge bed which was soooo comfortable.  The bathroom was a little dated but spotlessly clean and a superb shower.  Lovely huge bath sheets daily.  The executive lounge was brilliant.  lovely breakfast buffet and early evening refreshments and canapes.  The hotel is in an excellent location for Shepherds Bush Underground a five minute walk and the Westfield Shopping Centre is directly opposite the hotel.  Hilton Hotels every time for me as they never fail to disappoint.  The staff, accommodation and customer care are second to none. …",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Great stay at this hotel.  Convenience to multiple tubes stops and good bus routes to central london.  Was upgraded to Executive room.  I just wish the air conditioning was turned on apparently they don't turn it on till later in the Spring,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good ,"Very good location as everything was walking distance. The service was great,and the room was quiet  The room was tiny it was a struggle to fit 2 suitcases anywhere on the floor the restaurant was good value ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A little run down ,"I've stayed at this hotel on many occasions over the years. The staff are excellent & very well trained, helpful & friendly. The food in the bar, in the executive lounge & room service is good quality & good selection. But on our latest visit the hotel is a little run down & in need of a refit. The carpets in the hallways, furniture in the lounge & in the bedrooms need replacing. It was disappointing to see that the toilet door in the executive lounge was filthy & in need of a thorough clean. Management should act now before standards slip too far. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good,Very good secure and food and room was lovly would definitely stay there again when I visit London room was clean and food was lovly lots of choice for breakfast drinks are a bit pricey but lattes are lovly,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Feels like home ,"Spent 4 nights there, it's a very comfortable place! The staff are extremely helpful, and friendly, the place is very clean in every corner, rooms are cosy. Breakfast buffet has a huge variety and very very good quality! For the location it's a bit far from the center, however there's a bus station right infront of the hotel gate, the underground station is 5 min walk away as well as a huge shopping mall ""Westfield"". ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great room and location,Very easy online check in.  You can choose your floor and room.  Room was a good size and clean.  Our room seemed to be bigger than our friends.  6078.  Bed bigger and proper bath instead of just a shower cubicle.  Air con didn't seem to blow out very cool air but could open the window instead.  Very good selection for breakfast.  Staff all friendly and helpful.  Shepherds Bush station is just across the road so very easy to get into the centre of London.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location and service, but rooms need updating","I am a Hilton gold member and so was fortunate that we were upgraded to the presidential suite. Veronica, the manager, was amazing leading up to our stay and during our stay. The executive lounge was also very good, and Valentina was especially attentive and professional.  The location is also good with easy access to the tube, overground and buses. Lots of good places to eat nearby and the Westfield mall is good for shopping.  The reason I didn't give the hotel more stars is the overall condition of the hotel. It needs a lot of updating and renovation. The rooms were dated, and the hallways were showing serious wear and tear. The lobby and executive lounge were very nice.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfectly fine but ok not outstanding,"I'm a big fan of Hiltons, you know what to expect. This hotel was a little bit of a let down in some respects, the room was modern and clean but my air conditioning didn't cool down the room at all. I had double patio doors rather than a window, but they were locked so couldn't get any air circulating instead. The shower head wouldn't stay above head height, and I'm pretty short!!   You can't use the lift without a hotel key, which is a good security feature however after breakfast my room key didn't work and whilst I was retrying it the lift got called so ended up going up and down before waiting 10 minutes at reception to get my key reset.  The food as always was good, breakfast was great.  Overall it was a perfectly reasonable hotel but just ok rather than outstanding.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Far below the Hilton Standards,"This Hilton is far below the chain standards.  The rooms are not renovated for many year Try to avoid the 7th floor, they do not have ventilation and the rooms are smelling and you have the feeling of mold. The breakfast range is very poor and cheap.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good but,Good hotel the room clean and nice style but its very very small there is no space to walk in the room its maybe around 15 sqm  the big problem the room small and expensive. The location of the hotel its 15 min from central of london ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel at Shepherds Bush,We used the hotel for a trip to London to see 2 shows at Covent Garden and the Royal Albert Hall.The hotel provides a great location and easy access into London for both.  Hotel staff very helpful.  Standard rooms have all the basic amenities that you expect and require.  Location provides a quiet retreat from the hustle of the city but with good communication links via the underground. Very good location for the Royal Albert Hall and Kensington Museums.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Noisy,"We wanted somewhere to stay for my husbands birthday as we'd booked dinner in town. We drove up as they have a car park.  Be warned that the car park has very very low ceilings.  We have a 4x4 & were concerned by the steep entrance let alone if we were going to fit into the very small spaces & not just the ceiling.    Check in was good, the staff were so friendly.  We went to our room which was at the back of the hotel so we thought it would be quieter away from the road. The bathroom wasn't especially clean with a couple of suspect short hairs left on the toilet.  The tap being broken wasn't what we expect from Hilton either.  After going to dinner we came back & headed for bed.  The room was hot & the air con not great.  I appreciate a town hotel will have business people…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, in need of renovation, not very clean, make sure you get your deposit back","We chose this hotel as it is close to the Olympia Conference Centre and Westfield Shopping Centre. The first impression of the hotel is good and the lobby and restaurant are still looking OK.  You start noticing this hotel is not up to the normal Hilton standard once you reach you floor to your room. The complete floor had a bad smell to it, which was the for the 6 nights we stayed there. The carpets are dirty, ceilings are dirty, wooden door frames are cracked and broken. The room is no different and the rooms carpet felt so dirty that we didn't dare to walk on it bare foot. The bathroom is quite small as well and in dire need to be renovationed as well. The bathroom wasn't cleaned properly as well and never felt clean once. We travelled through Europe on business for 3 weeks…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good hotel","Excellent location, 5 minutes walk to Shepherd's Bush tube station. The hotel is quite nice and close to Holland park if you fancy a stroll.   The room was clean and well kept; the toilet was satisfactory but they could scrub it a bit more! Has a 24 h gym but didn't get a chance to use it. Didn't try the breakfast as I had an early start plus there was a surcharge. Given the reasonable charges the customers pay, wifi should be free but this too had a surcharge even though it is free in the lobby.  Still I would rate it as a good hotel and would consider staying again, primarily because of the location.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,LB,"We stayed here a couple of weekends ago. Pleasant, basic, clean room. Our room was situated facing onto the main road but you couldn't tell at night. The windows seemed to keep all of the noise of the traffic out. Breakfast was included, buffet style with delicious smoothies on offer when you enter. Only down point was the very creaky bed, although it was very comfortable to sleep in. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Couldn't fault the staff at all.................,"My partner and I enjoy our week-ends away; we travel a great deal and visit many different places and stay in many types of hotel, so we were delighted when we won, at an auction for a well know children's charity,  an overnight stay, including breakfast, at the Kensington Hilton.  From signing in, to signing out, the staff were efficient, friendly, always smiling and couldn't be more helpful.  The reception area is spacious with comfortable seating where you can relax and unwind. The West Eleven breakfast room is also spacious and very well organised, the staff very friendly and helpful and the food excellent; so much to choose from and served until 11:00 am, which we think is extremely civilised.  The Avenue Bar and Lounge provides the opportunity to have drinks, cocktails and…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent breakfast but disappointed by all the small annoying things,"Pros: - Friendly staff.  - Good power shower.  - Comfortable double bed with comfortable pillows. - Iron, ironing board, wardrobe, hairdryer, safe, fridge, tea/coffee making facilities, air con, tv, desk, phone, available in the room.  - Room was serviced daily including replacement mini toiletries (shampoo, shower gel, conditioner and soap). - Excellent breakfast consisting of full English breakfast items, porridge, fresh fruit, cold meats, cheese, cereals, yoghurt, fresh bread. And best of all, made to order pancakes!   Cons: - Wi-fi only available if you sign up to be a member.  - Very compact room!  - Many signs of wear and tear not being repaired or replaced. Like the door frame coming off. - Broken bits of plastic on the trimming. - Splatter stains on the panels on the…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"Its still our Hotel when we are in London. But there are a few things that should improve to keep us hanging on. The stuff at the reception should be trained- so they realy know where to find the quite rooms on the floors. We had to come back 3 times to finally get the right ones. Also the breakfast was included with our booking but the lady at the reception could read our booking - so we had to explain it to her.... Breakfast- where is fresh Corn bread? Any slices if fresh cheese ? It felt like, the hotel kind of cut down on these things . But the area is still perfect and it was quite!!!",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great base!,"Second stay for us at this hotel. We left car in the on site car park. All worked well. We were greeted on arrival by a friendly character on reception, he made us feel really welcome & found an available room as we arrived slightly earlier than the normal check-in time. Room adequate for all our needs. Bathroom a bit small but had good working shower over bath. Only given two English tea sachets... come on guys, be a bit more generous here, I need more than one brew in the mornings! ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Central hotel,"Very nice hotel. with the feeling of luxury. We had a lovely clean comfortable room with a view of gardens excellent bathroom, It had an excellent bathroom an excellent breakfast, buffet. We also enjoyed a lovely evening meal. Everything I would expect from this hotel brand",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Some worned out items but  some great advantages to stay here,"It was my fourth stay here. The hotel has good rates even though it offers  smaller rooms than the average Hilton you will visit elsewhere.Also, rooms need  some renovation but it is after all  a good hotel for a frequent stayer. Executive lounge offers a rather good  and most  of the times healthy evening meal. Breakfast is great except during  the hectic weekends when the restaurant becomes too small for the number of gests. Location is convenient and in particular bus services around this hotel is incredible.Underground and overground stations  are near but its services are not as convenient as buses",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Luxury and Handy,"What can I say but ""It's the Hilton""  Luxury and comfort all in a handy setting near to the tube, buses and a short walk to local shops and restaurants.  Friendly staff who were more than helpful when we couldn't get the card key to operate and actually upgraded us without question. Now that's quality service.  Only downfall is that although it's the Hilton it doesn't justify £14 for a breakfast when the local cafe is £4 for the same.  Otherwise highly recommended and will definitely return,",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Break - Ok Hotel,"We stayed at this hotel on a one night diner, bed and breakfast basis. It was a pretty good deal and overall it was a pleasant stay. The hotel is located close to Shepherds Bush underground station which is just a 5 minute walk away (You can see the blue Hilton 'H' as you leave the station). The hotel promotion was that it was a 'shopping experience' with special offers at the nearby Westfield shopping centre. Actually there was next to no benefit to us from this. We shopped but as so often, none of the deals applied. Having said that Westfield itself is a pretty nice shopping mall with good variety if you like to shop. The Hilton Kensington is a little dated but overall a fairly nice hotel. The check in desk was very lightly staffed and wait time for both check in and out was…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,This hotel has an executive lounge which offers free alcoholic drinks between 6pm - 8pm which is recommended especially if going to a show. You can have breakfast in the lounge but you do not have as much on offer as the main restaurant. We managed to get an Uber from here into centre which was great value. Also great shopping at westfield which is 5-10minute walk with a wide range of restaurants.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great visit will be back next year,"We stayed here while going to a conference at Olympia. It's location is excellent. A short dander to Olympia, Holland Park & Portabello Market. Westfield shopping centre can be seen from the hotel & is just across the road. The hotel itself is great. The room was spotless and was cleaned during our 2 night stay. The staff were fantastic in all areas of the hotel. All were quick to greet the guests, even when just passing in the corridors they said hello. I find this quite unusual for London so was very refreshing. The room we chose at digital check in wasn't ready when we arrived several hours early but we were offered another room that was ready immediately, so handy as we just wanted to get our bags in and head straight out.  The buffet breakfast provided was plentiful with a…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2nd Stay at the Hilton Olympia Kensington,"Having just completed my second stay at this hotel, I felt I just had to do a review.  My room was clean, the shower had good pressure and the room heating was very good.  The bed was comfortable and all the staff were very helpful.  I had booked an King Executive Room but unfortunately this was not available at check in so I was offered a Double Executive Room with a discount, which as a single traveler, I was happy enough with.The executive lounge was great and so was concierge, who took in three deliveries I was expecting, this is one of the reasons I will stay again next year..",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton on a budget!,"We stayed in room 5092 which I'm assuming is this Hiltons budget range! It was very reasonably priced for London at just over £100 per night & I imagine very cheap for a Hilton room! It was a nice room but not luxurious. In fairness I was under no illusion that for that price it would be! The room had a few minor cosmetic & maintenance issues... silly things like the tiles of the bathroom ceiling lifted, chipped wood on door frames, grouting in the shower looking a bit weary... nothing that bothered me but may bother someone expecting nothing less than perfection. The room & bathroom were however very clean which is much more important to me than whether the door frame has been knocked! The bed was super comfy & when we asked for more milk for tea the concierge brought up a huge…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great weekend and great hotel,"Had a great Friday and Saturday stay, hotel is amazing and in a great location, staff all friendly and helpful. Only issue we had was the noise from other guests especially on the Friday night in the early hours of the morning but this did not ruin our stay, will be returning.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Hotel is well located although it is right at the border of Shepherds Bush and Holland Park. It is only a few mins walk from Shepherd Bush train and tube station and with that, Westfield. Hotel is very busy with lots of people although the staff still find time to give one to one service. The only downside to this hotel is the cost of the food in the resturant. would suggest going to eat at Westfield with its vast seleciton of places to eat if trying to make the most of your money.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Didn't live up to expectations ,"My friend and I visited the Hilton Kensington this weekend and stayed the Friday and Saturday nights. The room was very narrow trying to get in, quite tricky to get all our bags through without getting stuck on the door. The bed was most uncomfortable and creaked any time either one of us moved and as a result neither of us got very much sleep. Which isn't what you want when your out all day and want somewhere comfy to relax and sleep. Also the Saturday morning the shower only ran cold. That issue was resolved by the Saturday evening. It's just not the standard I would have expected from a Hilton Hotel, especially in London, or for the price we paid for the room. I wouldn't stay again for fear of not getting a good night's sleep. It's a shame really because the staff were…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A reasonably priced hotel just outside London center with great transportation options,Its an older hotel set between shepherds bush and Holland park on Holland park avenue. A short walk to three tube routes the overground and major bus depot. You can get pretty much anywhere in the city via public transit just a short walk from the hotel. If you prefer a cab there is pretty much always one or two waiting at the front door. The rooms are kind of small but comfortable. I had a room with a king sized bed and pretty much useless chaise lounge. My view was over the roof of the first floor lobby and some apartment buildings behind that. A room on the front side can see a private park across the street. The bath tub has a very high side that takes some effort to get over but if you like to take baths it is more than large enough (many hotel bathtubs these days really…,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel with excellent Service,"Great Hotel with excellent service giving attention to details and guests needs.  Very nicely located right next to Sheperds Bush Station and Westfield Shopping Mall making in ideal to get around, shop and dine",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Old,Tatty and entrance is like a airport terminal","This is the worst Hilton I have stayed at! Stay away,there are much nicer Hiltons to choose from.Avoid.  The front desk is a queuing nightmare. The staff don't seem to realise they are at a hotel and not a airport terminal.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Less Kensington more Shepherds Bush.,Quite far out of the centre and not really worth the room charge. Everyone was very helpful and did their best to make our stay enjoyable but next time in London we will use a budget hotel near the train station.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No Recommendable,"The service was good, but we expact more for our money. The rooms had been old, the bath was dirty, some black spots, like mold. The shower curtain to short. The cleaner ate one of our sweets be bought in the city and last but not least one of the cleaner pour coffee over my sponge bag, everything was sprinkelt with coffee spots. Either they ask us by departure if we are satisfied, we hadn't been, but no one cares at all. Just sending us an email with this feedback link. Not satisfied! sorry.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable & Accessible,I stayed with a friend for four days while visiting London. The hotel is located in a comfortable location not far from Shepherd's Bush station which made our mobility easy. The room was clean and comfortable and the lobby was quiet and nice.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"Stayed with family for a couple of days, good rooms ,excellent breakfast but our special thank you goes to Suman from bar and lounge area for his welcoming and friendly attitude.Bar was crowded and everyone was running however Suman found the time to make sure we were comfortable and to keep smiling while getting our drinks and snacks. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.,"This is my 3rd stay (through work) and I felt I had to review, I always had in my head that Hilton was a name associated with Quality and that Kensington was quite a expensive nice area..... so combine the two and i'm in for a bit of a treat. But obviously my idea (formed from I don't know where) was wrong.  The lobby is impressive enough but this just makes the rooms seem even worse. My room was very small and dated, the fridge seemed like the door would fall off if I opened it too eagerly, the sliding door(?) to the bathroom looked like a cheap slab of wood painted and put up by a bad DIY'er, the wooden section above it to hide the rail it slides along was low enough to band my head quite badly (i'm 6ft 4 but come on!), the shower was interesting and i'd say if you don't like…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice although dated,"I stayed at this Hotel on a recent business trip to London for two nights.  I am a diamond Hilton member and although the Hotel was not fun I was not given any kind of upgrade which is very disappointing based on the frequency of my Hilton stays and my status. I was given access to the Executive Lounge,  My Standard room was small in comparison to other Hotels in London that I have stayed in, however the bed was very comfy. The shower was utterly rubbish with poor pressure and rusty fittings around it. The Hotel really needs some money spent on it or down grade it to a Doubletree as Its lacking the 'Hilton finish' it once had  The Hotel is in a very smart area and a good location near to two tube stops and plenty of public transport.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay to explore the city ,"I stayed at the Hilton hotel Kensington for 2 nights and for the first time in many stays in London at other hotels it was a very good experience. The hotel is situated on Holland Park Avenue, very convenient bus connections into Oxford Street or Kensington High Street in just a few meters away and Shepherds Bush station is in walking distance too.  The room wasn't huge but had a comfy bed, the bathroom is spacious compared to other hotels. The room provides a fridge and a water cooker for tea or coffee and a big flatscreen tv.  The breakfast was amazing. If you like it English or continental, sweet or not, there is nothing missing. The staff at this hotel was very nice and helpful, so all together a very good experience and I will definitely return.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and affordable hotel,"My husband and I visited London in December 2016.  WE had a lovely stay in this hotel which is grreat location because the transport is accessible, just 5 minutes walk to the beautiful Westfield Mall.  We were upgraded to the a beautiful spacious room.  Their breakfast deserves a 5* service, it is top-notch.   We visit London again, we will definitely stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,We have stayed there many times and have usually been satisfied but we have noticed that the service in the Avenue Bar has deteriorated since the departure of the previous bar manager. During our three night stay we dined in the bar and on each occasion we waited about 25 minutes to be offered a menu and another wait for the order to be taken and then another 30 minutes or so before food arrived. When signing the bill which has a provision to tip staff I was asked ech time whether we would like to pay the tip in cash. I asked if they get the tip and was told that's ok and just added the tip amount which quite frankly was not deserved. There appears to be no authorative management of the bar. We will need to stay again in London very soon but we have decided to use an alternative…,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,easy access for a London short break,"the staff made this place, reception staff are wonderful.  Room is not huge but big enough.  needs updating in places but comfortable.  We had an issue with the hairdryer not working and had to wait for 30 minutes for a replacement to be provided while I stood there with wet hair.  Plenty of choice for the buffet breakfast.  We went for the cooked English - sausages were tasty, bacon like cardboard and tasteless, black pudding overcooked.  The continental choice is better, and I loved the croissants.  Coffee is from the automatic coffee machines which I am not fond of.    I would visit again as it has easy access to the city and west end, and there is the wonderful Westfield shopping centre just out of the underground!",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"We stayed there just for a few days, but enjoyed it tremendously.  Great location, just a short walk from the Central Line and next to  mall that has everything, and a stop from one of the hop in hop off tour buses. The staff was super friendly and helpfull. We had  breakfast included, and it was a great value, the buffet is great and you can also have pancakes and omelets on demand, really good fresh pastries, fruit and hot food.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast. Dirty rooms.,The room in general was dust free and appeared tidy enough although  I was horrified to find three of the rooms towels were soiled (quite obviously been folded and put back to reuse) two towels had make up on  and one had what looked like faeces on it. The bathroom floor also had what looked like dried blood on it.  There also was no hairdryer in the room.  On a positive note the breakfast was excellent a great choice and fantastic service.,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Good hotel but quite expensive for meals in the restaurant. We were on the 5th floor, key cards given to activate lifts and enter rooms. We enjoyed the breakfasts very much, buffet style so you help yourselves but staff will help if assistance needed. The kitchen will also cook fresh waffles, pancakes, egg white omelettes. All staff  lovely and very helpful, quick check in and out, but a refundable deposit of £50 is required for each room when checking in. The only thing we were unhappy with was the situation of the room as there was a generator nearby and there was a low humming noise all the time...ok if you are able to ignore which we did. No traffic noise and the beds are very firm and a bit squeaky. .  Rooms 5090 and 5092.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton Kensington,Room was small and not very comfortable. Old rooms and furniture. Staff and breakfast was good. I would not stay again in this Hotel. We noticed a drawback in the quality since our last visit last year. They reduced the quality of services.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful time! Worth a visit! ,"Ignore any negative reviews about this hotel, I sat next to many a people who complained about the littlest of things when it came to just about anything. I cannot fault the service or the bar staff especially! They were brilliant, attending to every need and they were so warm and welcoming. The hotel is beautiful and is in a fabulous location next to west bury shopping centre and an underground line. The decor looks lovely and the checking in was prompt and efficient - as was checking out. We are already looking at dates to return here!! If you want a lovely relaxed weekend to be looked after and surrounded by staff who look after you and make you feel at ease, then don't hesitate you need to book here! :) ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, particularly the lady who checked me in and in the executive lounge","Well located hotel with good facilities.    The lady on check in was extremely helpful and as I was early checking in explained that I could go through to the executive lounge (included when booking an executive room) and wait.  She would then let me know when the rooms became ready.  Went off to the lounge to find a spacious quiet area which had tea/coffee/soft drinks and snacks (olives/peanuts/pretzels and some lovely freshly backed cookies!) a lovely touch and a great place to relax and catch up on emails, so much so an hour had passed and I hadn't even thought about checking in.    On return to reception, it was extremely busy, coincidentally I was served by the same lady who apologised profusely for not coming to find me but two coach loads of arrivals had just come in, but…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Stay.,"I've never stayed in a Hilton before, and I never will again. I would of thought for such a large hotel chain with such a good name they could actually clean the carpet once in a while. The whole interior was so shabby and poorly designed that I felt like I was trapped in the 70's. The hotel was very noisy especially in the early hours, we didnt get any decent nights sleep.    Thankfully most of the staff were polite and efficient, apart from some joker on reception who claimed that it was out fault the keycards didn't work on our room door, and that we had demagnetized them! (Although they worked perfectly on the lift!) After the forth trip back down from the room to reception they finally agreed to send a pair of engineers  (thanks engineer  guys you were actually very helpful…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"How one does choose a hotel for the first time in a foreign city? Good communications, reasonable price and the experience of other visitors. Hotel Kensington has all of that. Closeness to Holland Park, Notting Hill. Excellent communication both by bus and the Central Line. But what makes you return to the same place again again? For me it is the dedication of the staff. Whatwever you need help with they are ready to help you with a smile. The fact that on returning basically everybode greets you kindly really makes you feel home away from home and that makes me return on and again. Off course the clean and spacious rooms and excellent breakfast are all a big plus as well. See you soon again.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, but Great Location","Another Hilton that is underinvested, yet has so much potential.  This hotel is great if you have things to do in London due to its location and proximity to the tube station, yet could be so much more. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous staff, nice hotel","Pleasantly surprised by the staff at this Hilton ... all extremely friendly, courteous and helpful which makes a great difference to any stay.  Breakfast - great choice. Lunch and Dinner during conference - nice variety and options.  Great location for underground and overground at Shepherds Bush, a five minute walk.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dreadful food offering,"Come here if you want to be ignored.  The Avenue is a small area adjacent to the bar if you want to dine in.  I suggest you don't! I was seated and then ignored for 15 minutes,   absolute chaos people trying to complain about the quality of the food staff standing around chatting.   this is not what you expect from Hilton.  The main W 11 restaurant is advertised open at night however it is set up for breakfast.  again this hotel doesn't care about food and beverage service only charging high prices for rooms.  Anyway I'm off to White City a 10 minute walk away for a great selection of restaurants",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average for Hilton,"Good thing is that you are in Kensington, everything is near, but to be honest I expected more from Hilton in centre of London. Everything is outdated in room, but service and location is ok. Tube is up to 5 min walking and bus station just on right side of hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but rooms are in desperate need of update","We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for three nights in an Executive room. The location is great for our needs (we did not want to be in the busy areas like Mayfair, Soho or Covent Garden). Tube station Shephard's Bush and Holland Park are within walking distance as well as a bus to Piccadilly Circus or Westminster Abbey right in front of the hotel. The room is clean but not very spacious (normal for big city hotels). However, the room needs a big refurbishment, stains on the carpet, smudges on the wall and rust on the faucet. For breakfast we went to the Executive Lounge, because the restaurant was too busy. For us it was perfect, nice and quiet and all the variety we required as well as eggs, pancakes or waffles made to order (restaurant buffet offers more options). In the…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Vacation family stay with Hilton,"Overall, a good experience for our family stay with Hilton. Subway station, Shepherd's Bush was a mere 5mins walk with Westfield shopping mall and restaurants next to it. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired,Really like the location and the executive room with good toiletries breakfast was excellent but the room needed maintenance when turning over in the bed it banged and people screaming and shouting from 6.30 am on a Sunday morning ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Night out from Cotswolds,"A nice hotel adjacent to Westfield Shepherd bush.  Need some renovation and though staff very friendly but gives an image of run down hotel not you expect from Hilton Brand,  Being a silver member normally other hotels do give a better room but the same was not provided, even the stay was not recorded in my Hilton honors programme,",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business and family trip ,"My husband and I were in London on business and decided to bring our baby too. We were exhibiting at Olympia which was a 20 min walk away. Really friendly staff especially in the executive lounge. Breakfast choice was really good and was fully stocked at all times. The dinner we had in the bar was not as good as we hoped and highly over priced. £15 for a soggy burger and chips! There are plenty of restaurants near by, one we tried was Cibo, an Italian not far away. We would stay again as the room was satisfactory for our requirements, compact but this is expected.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great experience!!,It was lovely to spend 2 nights at the Hilton Kensington!! The only downside was the size of the room...far too small and no view!! Service is great!! Concierge really good! Breakfeast very good aswell!! Very close to tube station and a massive Shopping Center!!! Would recomend and would go back again!!,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location but rooms in need of refurbishment!,"This hotel is ideal for visiting Westfield shopping centre, which is just a 5 minute walk away. The restaurant and reception area are lovely, but the rooms are small, old and tired and in desperate need of updating. The service and food for dinner were particularly good in the restaurant, with  Sumon Poudel being very well informed about food allergies, ensuring that I had a gluten and dairy free option. I would definitely stay here again for the location.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs work,"Stayed two nights at the Hilton Kensington. We booked a double room but given a twin room, no doubles available when we produced our booking clearly stating a double room. We made do as we were there and I didn't want to traipse around London looking for a room. The room was dated some of the fixtures in the bathroom required maintenance but they worked. There was no hot water for a shower on our last morning and no water at all in the middle of the night.  The one saving grace was the breakfast. It was very good there was every type of breakfast food and drink to cater to everyones taste. The staff were very helpful. Those ladies and gentlemen who work in the dining room were spoken too by some guests really badly but they were so professional.   The hotel served its purpose,…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge,"Came here on a business weekend, and I just had to comment and say how amazing Victoria and Kedest were. They looked after us so well, and made sure we were always okay. Both lovely ladies and a true delight to be meet whilst staying at the hotel. Thanks ladies!!!!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge ,"A few colleagues and I spent the weekend at this hotel for business, I have to say after staying in many many hotels there was one particular member of staff who stood out Kedest worked in the executive lounge and was absolutely incredible. Kedest always had a smile on her face, ensuring all guests were well looked after and her personality shown through her work. Despite the busy lounge my glass was never empty. A true asset to the hotel and should be recognised!!!! Enjoy your day off Kedest!!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Night in London,"I booked this hotel for our trip to London as it was our wedding anniversary and we had planned to have dinner at Montcalm Hotel at Marble Arch, therefore it was more convienient to go back to our hotel in London instead of getting the train back to Kent. We checked in and had a drink at hotel bar. I had added to my special request notes that we are in London to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary but not sure if staff at the reception were aware of this fact and we were treated just like any other traveller.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Like some of their footballers, over rated and over priced!","New to TA but want to comment on recent hotels myself and my girlfriend and or friends have stayed in.  This was not one of the better ones. I brought my girlfriend to London a year ago and wanted to wow her with a stay in the Hilton hotel. Only for I had spent so much money to stay here I would have gladly went to another hotel. Room was TINY. I'm 6ft tall myself, an average man size and I couldn't even shower properly. I had to almost kneel down to shower! The on going traffic outside was a constant pain of noise. Pay to use wifi in the room?? Like seriously after spending enough to stay here, added costs for wifi!?? Madness and a very miserable thing to charge people for in this day and age!!    Although we loved the city and will most definitely be going back, we will not be…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Wonderful Stay at Hilton London Kensington,We stayed in Executive Room for my Birthday.  What a lovely weekend we had. The staff we so lovely & they could not do enough for you. We used the Executive Lounge for few drinks & canapés. We both enjoyed the lounge very much. We used the Steam Room & Sauna twice and it made us so so relax. The Breakfast served in the main restaurant was amazing. The food was so tasty & fresh. Staff could not do enough for us.The Management threw a short surprise Happy Birthday celebration for me. It was so lovely of them to do that. We stayed in this hotel last November as well.We love going back to Hilton Kensington. We thank all the staff in Hilton for looking after us so well. Keep up the good work!!! We will be back soon.Many Thanks,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Expected A Lot More From A ""Hilton""","Everything was average with the exceptionally dated rooms.  Twin room when we ordered a double, no way of pushing the beds together either due to a big shelf in between.   Nice, polite and friendly staff throughout but if you want anything more than average, do not stay here.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in good location,"Check-in and check-out were quick, friendly and efficient. Room was small, but clean and nice. The location was great, near shopping and many ""famous"" places. We did not eat in the hotel, so no opinion about that. We can recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Good Stay at Hilton London Kensington,"It is a nice contemporary hotel located 5-8 minute walk from Shepherd's Bush tube station.  The staff was very nice and professional and check in & out was smooth.  The room was modern, clean and comfortable but a bit small than expected.  It is very close to Westfield London Shopping Centre.  Breakfast selections was very good and tasty.  We enjoyed our stay at Hilton London Kensington.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok but difficult parking,"Stayed here with 5 people, rooms ok but nothing in the minibar. Shame as it was advertised. Parking very expensive and the spaces seriously small and short . SUV parking next to impossible as too long and wide. Needs urgent updates spaces. Breakfast ok but lukewarm and services next to nothing. Only stay if you have too.😒",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good deal but left underwhelmed,"Having booked through Lastminute secret hotels we got a very good deal for two nights at this 4 star hotel. When sent the details and realised it was Hilton, we were both rather excited and I at least set my expectations a little too high. The lobby was nice and spacious with good service from the concierge and receptionist. The room, although very clean and a reasonable size, was pretty standard for what I would expect for any decent establishment - no wow factor as such. Also, another slight bug bear of mine was the price for wifi at the hotel - very expensive. I expect a minimum of free wifi in the lobby as is standard for many hotels, but there was none here. However, the hotel is in a good location with Shepherd's Bush tube station (central line) less than a 5 minute walk…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Barely ok for Business Travel,"Extremely small room, clean on the surface but if you look closely, extreme accumulation of dust. Hotel within walking distance to several restaurants. Hotel staff friendly and accommodating. Nice bar area. I would not return for business or pleasure. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Staff!!,"As the flight from US get really early in the morning in London, I was concerned about my room not being ready...and it was thanks to the staff at the hotel. Good attention to details and nice customer service from the front desk, Bar and the Lounge - great people. The location of the hotel is not bad, there are two underground stations and a shopping mall (apparently the largest in the city) at walking distance.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend ,"Stayed here for my 50th with family.  Excellent stay, paid the extra and had the executive lounge will was well worth it as it included our drinks  and snacks.  Rooms are tired and not up to the usual Hilton standard, that's why I have not rated 5/5.  This hotel is perfect for shoppers as Westfield was across from the hotel! ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I liked this bussling hotel,"This hotel is virtually Shepherds Bush, on the far western end of Holland Park Road. It is about a 20-30 minute walk to Kensington High Street Tube.. Holland Park and Shepherds Bush / Westfield are much closer.  The staff were smart, efficient and offered high standards of service. Breakfast was tasty and the dining room a good size. Decor was smart, with elements of 70s retro mixed with modern furnishings.  The double room was tiny.. barely more than 12 inches between the bed end and the wall. The shower room was also tiny. and the partial screen did little to prevent water flooding the tiled area floor. The bed was comfortable and clean.   The hotel was very busy during our stay, with many children. There was even a senior Championship football team there for a local match…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor experience why has this brand got so poor,"Upon arrival after a very long journey was greeting by a charming receptionist so far so good. Then was told the credit card booking machine had failed so check in took 20 plus minutes despite having checked in online in advance.   Finally got the room key and a room. The bathroom had been cleaned but was still not pristine and the room was overly small compared to an executive room in most other London based Hiltons. Next morning I discovered I had  no wifi key had to call customer services after 15 minutes trying to log on ,missed breakfast and was almost late for my meeting.  I was informed that room sizes are highlighted  on the hotel web site but not on the one i use ???  I wanted a simple supper i.e a rare burger but due to hotel policies this is not possible. Frankly I…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"We booked into the Hilton from the 09th to the 12th February, tour surprise on the 10th a group of young school students from the UAE came for an educational trip to London these students were not more than 10 to 13th years old. They practically invaded the hotel with loud conversations in the corridors, doing prank calls to rooms and ordering take away from KFC and Pizza hut and leaving empty boxes of their  food in the corridors and by the elevator.  I went to inform both the receptionist and the concierge, but very little was or could have been done  as these kids were out of control. It was not a pleasant stay to say the least, even on checking out yesterday the over took the lobby with their suitcases in the middle of the lobby and the concierge was not even telling them to…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,probably closer to 3.5,"One of the older Hiltons and it feels like tis time for a makeover.  Nice staff at check in - friendly and welcoming.  Room ok - but small (usual in London)  Enjoyed the breakfast - excellent choice (better than typical Hilton),",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,london family trip,"hotel in good location for exploring london and across the road from westfild shopping.     Breakfast was slick and the food excellent. Dinner, service was good but food was average and as always in a hotel over priced",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family vacation,"On the whole we enjoyed our stay. My daughter's room was very nice and seemed to be recently updated. Our mini suite was very basic, kind of run down, washroom doors needed to be replaced. The front desk was not able to find us another room....  The staff were cheerful and polite. The front desk staff tried very hard to accommodate us during check in, she was very patient with us. We really appreciate her efforts",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Noisey...,"Booked two rooms for two nights while in London. The hotel is pretty easy to find and has a useful car park underneath (£57 for two nights).  Nearest tube is Shepherd's Bush which is a three minute walk so very convenient. The area is nice but seems very residential to me. Not awash with pubs & restaurants in the immediate area (Holland Park Road). We tended to get on the tube and travel elsewhere. Doesn't strike me as an area you could stay in without exploring elsewhere (I may be wrong). The hotel lobby is modern. The rooms were the usual small ones you'd expect from a central London hotel. Breakfast was good in terms of quality & quantity but it was chaotic. Was very busy, queues for the toaster (have to make your own) and on the first day our dirty plates weren't collected…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Rooms Small but Cosy, Very Clean, Bathrooms a Let Down","Probably comparing unfavourably to Hilton at Canary Wharf and Wembley which are modern with spacious rooms.  This room was spotlessly clean and was quite cosy on the coldest night of the year - the bathroom does need updated, especially the stained tiles on the ceiling.  On the plus side, check in was efficent and friendly, breakfast excellent and we had a lovely view over Holland Park Avenue.  There was very little noise from other rooms. Literally minutes from Westfield for shopping and transport links.  Would stay here again for location.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful Hotel,"It is undoubtedly the worst Hilton I have stayed in. The room was old and shabby, service slow and apart from its location, it has no redeeming features. To be avoided at all costs. So many other good hotels to choose from.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Seriously shabby and outdated.,"This is a Hilton? How on earth could it be?  The hotel seriously needs a refurbishment. I was in an ""executive floor,"" allegedly an upgrade, and the wallpaper in the hallway was peeling. The room, a museum to a by gone decade (80s? 90s?), was also well worn. The thermostat did not work with my room at a constant 26 C. I had to open the window the entire trip. Check out was horrendous. I gave up after a 20 minute wait. Food was good and staff was friendly but there are far better locations in London, especially at this price.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton as in many cities,"You will never go wrong at Hilton. You get what you need and the standard is good. However, being in London, space is limited, and the small rooms are just a bit too small. Rather irritating to bruise shoulders every time entering or exiting the room, because the opening just is too narrow.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay in the middle of everything,"My sister and I spent four days here in early November, 2016. The room was clean and, although not large, suited our needs perfectly. The hotel's location made all the places we wanted/needed to visit easily accessible. We walked almost everywhere. A stone's throw from Westfield shopping mall at one end and some lovely little cafes for breakfast in the other direction. Worth another visit if the price is right.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice area,"Visited here in December 2016, was lovely. Read a lot of reviews of how the rooms were dated and small, however we found our room to be modern and comfortable. Rooms are on the small side, but that's average for a city break. Also the mattress is a bit hard, which suited me after all the walking to be honest. Cleaners visited each day and changed towels, sheets, etc. Checking in was very quick, staff members at reception were great and our room was ready early. Also HH members get free wifi. Location is perfect. Nice area of London with a brilliant shopping centre up the road.  Just hop onto the tube at Sheppards Bush (I think that's the name) if you want to go central. Will probably return for the next trip.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great,Stayed on the evening on the 6th feb. First room was next to service lift on 3rd floor. Called reception and moved to room near main lifts. Again noisy. Walls very thin. As a Hilton Honours Gold Card holder I'm usually offered a higher standard of room. Room itself very basic and in need or modernisation.  You can do much better in London.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay in the city,"This is a comfortable hotel in the heart of London. Rooms are spacious and  have everything you need for a comfortable stay. Dressing gowns are provided as well as the usual things you would expect. Wifi is free. There is a bar and restaurant downstairs, and a bank of computers. Staff are extremely helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service at a busy time,"I stayed for 1 night whilst in London on business, the hotel was full. I found all the staff to be very welcoming and friendly. I tried to call down for room service, but couldn't get through so popped down to the restaurant. As soon as I mentioned not being able to get through, they were very apologetic, took my order and said it wouldn't be long. My meal arrived promptly with a complimentary drink and no tray charge. Great service recovery, delivered very genuinely. All the facilities were modern and well presented. Breakfast/my evening meal were all good. I would recommend staying here.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Weekend ,"Stopped here for weekend. The room was on the small side but that is the norm for the capital city, furnishings modern and in good condition, shower fantastic. Breakfast plenty of choice and good quality even though very busy. Handy for underground, we walked to and from Holland Park in less than 10 minutes and was signposted. We had access to room at 11 on check in which was also nice. Only gripe  was time taken to check in, lady on reception very apologetic but needed more staff to deal with customers more efficiently. Good value and would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A good hotel in an excellent location. The bus stop is practically at the door, tour buses pick up","Door,with frequent service. The tour bus picks up at the hotel in the morning. The original bus tour picks up across the road. Westfield shepherds bush store is a short distance away. A pleasant walk to holland park and Notting hill gate shops and Kensington gardens.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quality stay with small rooms,"We stayed here for  2 days conference and were well looked after. Everything ran smoothly like a well-oiled machine.  The rooms are good quality but small and had all the nice touches with a mini bar, bathrobe and your own iron and ironing board.  A few small detials in the catering, like the same diner dish as we had for lunch let an otherwise excellent stay down a little.  Good location with easy access to the nearby Westfield shopping cente and the tube network.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average for the price ,"Me and my boyfriend booked this hotel online. Been in hospitality working in hotels myself I found the stay was ok but not very welcoming, the staff was a bit dismissive when we asked if we could check in a little early. When we got to the hotel we had to put more money down as a deposit which we was never told about.  The hotel is in a great location 2 mins walk from the Shepherds Bush underground station and from a great shopping centre with everything you need.  The room needs a bit of TLC, the room had a lot of dents in the furniture and the beds creak a lot from other rooms. Also the doors slam shut and don't close lightly. Along with midnight deliveries this is quite annoying after a very long day of traveling.  The room was clean. The ""message for you"" leaflet wasn't very…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The staff are lovely & friendly but the hotel is past its best,"I stayed there for one night recently & it was because of its location that I chose it. It is within waling distance of Shepard's Bush tube station & close to the centre of London. The foyer is huge & it is well decorated but the lounge are with the relaxing couches are all bobbled & stained . This gives an awful first impression of the hotel . The modern white tables were all marked & stained too.  When I went into my room 5084 on the 5th floor , it was an adequate sized room with twin beds. The bathroom door was chipped, rotten at the end and the paint was yellowed & very badly stained. The ceiling in the entrance of the room was in an awful condition too.  Breakfast in the dining room was a wonderful selection & catered for every taste . I was impressed . The dining room…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable & convenient,"Stayed for a weekend and found this hotel surprisingly relaxed and quiet despite its size. The down stairs facilities, bar, restaurant, sitting areas are pleasant and spacious. We found the breakfast a good range and quality. The location is good for visiting central London and is close to Sheppard's Bush and Holland Park tube stations. We will use again.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny hotel rooms with big London prices.,"Many of you who have read my reviews previously will know that I really despise London hotels, mainly because they are far too expensive and therefore offer very poor value for money but with Hilton you expect quality, nice rooms and a massive comfy bed but if you are expecting this at the Hilton London Kensington: you are going to be very disappointed.  I booked this hotel because (1): It's a Hilton and I like the Hilton brand, service & experience. (2): I was attending a conference at Olympia and to be honest, the Hilton Olympia was just far too over-priced and the Hilton Kensington was a reasonable compromise.  Great staff on reception but that's where the good stuff ends! My room was tiny, similar to what I'd expect at Citizen-M but this was at Hilton London prices and no…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Rooms Small but Great Staff,"Small Hotel Rooms but that would be no problem if your in London to Explore. The Staff is great from the Concierge to Front Desk. Across the street from the huge Westfield Mall. Great Dining Options, Tube Close by or a nice Hour Walk to see Buckingham Palace.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I would not recommend. Special deal wasn't special.," Hilton is not a consistent brand. You get really smart modern ones like Tower Bridge in London you get tired old ones like this one.  We stayed here on a deal that was e-mailed to HHonors members. This was a complete pain from before the stay, during the stay and since the stay; Before the stay: I followed the link from the HHonors. Initially it did not work it came up with a log on screen. I tried a few days later and got to a voucher offer. This is NOT Hilton, this is a software company in Edinburgh who have put together a voucher site for Hilton. The only problem is no one has told Hilton reservations. So when I tried to book it Hilton would not accept it. The offer code must have letters in it, but the code on the voucher was all numbers. Hilton central reservations and the…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel with fantastic location,Room was great. Spacious and clean . Free extra bed was provided for our 15 year old son. Unlike Malaysian hotels who charge  for extra bed. Location was close to train and bus stops. Close to the park which was pleasant for walks.  Staff were polite and helpful especially the doorman and concierge who were very helpful in directing us and assisting us with enquiries.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Try to find somewhere else,"This place is very centrally located near the Wetfields Mall. It is a great location near Shepard's Bush underground station. However, this hotel is past due for updating and nothing about it is spectacular.   First, the lobby and most of the hotel smells faintly of cigarette smoke. Second the carpet is unbelievably shabby. Third, there are NO outlets near the bed so if you charge your phone it will need to be across the room.   Obviously the room is small as is the hallmark of most European hotels. The bathroom has a constant faint smell of urine in it. The sink drain was slow.  We had a cabinet to store clothes in and the shelves were missing.   Finally, the bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have slept in in years.   Room service took forever and there is an added service…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews, Great customer service and destination ,"Lovely location close to the main tourist destinations of London. We have some lovely neighbours to our room that thought it would be nice to play loud music at 2AM-5AM, once I had enough I called guest services and right away they offered a new room, complementary breakfast and a late check out. I was very impressed with the service that was given. The room had a broken air con unit and fridge but they sent someone to fix it straight after I mentioned it to reception. Breakfast was delicious but if you are on a budget then there are some lovely patisseries down the street for breakfast. You have Shepard's bush tube stop or Holland park. A recommendation would be to take the Santander bikes for 2 pounds for 24 hours and ride through Holland and Hyde park. You are then close to…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,Have just had a great stay at Hilton in Kensington.  Lovely atmosphere friendly helpful staff. Fabulous breakfast - we would have liked to stay longer. Don't miss a walk through Holland Park and the Japanese Garden,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful Disgusting Rooms,"The rooms were absolutely disgusting.  I tried 4 different rooms.  The one I finally accepted only had badly stained/dirty carpeting, old furniture, a shower that did not drain, broken floor boards, and believe it or not dirty toilet paper. The rooms I turned down were far worse. Gym was old but usable.  Did not try the food -- was scared to do so but it looked ok.  Staff was professional but seemed embarrassed to be there.  One told me that they get so many complaints that they have told corporate management that they should require minimum maintenance standards for all managed but not owned hotels (that is the case here - the brand only manages the hotel).  According to the staff, the actual owners want to spend little on maintenance or renovations and are trying to milk every…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired and in need of updating,Second time staying at a Hilton chain and compared to my first experience I didnt rate it. The bathroom was in real need of updating. Room ok small but comfy but again not as good as other big chains I have stayed in. Good location to get about London. ,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Leisure visit to London,We were looking forward to meals with friends and relatives as well as a romantic night out. We wanted somewhere good quality without costing the earth. We booked the Hilton Kensington using the Honours loyalty programme which is free to join but gave us both a free breakfast. The hotel is a five minute walkmfrom Shepard's Bush underground which made it easy to get anywhere in central London quickly. The room was good and comfortable though the bed was creaky! Breakfast was very good and staff polite and friendly throughout. Would go again.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent Hotel close to Sheperds bush/ Westfield,"Stay at this hotel a couple of times a month for business when in London, rooms vary depending what room type you get the most recent was pretty small and average.  The lounge facility is great if you are a diamond member free alcohol and nibbles from 6-9 - Recommend UBER for taxi rides from here to save money.  Few minutes walk from shepards Bush tube station",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay ,"Stayed here mid January for two nights, we had a very pleasant stay rooms are nice we did not find them too small but found our room to be rather cool and were unable to turn the heating up, also duvets on beds way too thin for time of year, we also found it quite noisy from traffic as room was on the front overlooking main road .  Hotel is in an ideal place for getting around London as Shepherd's Bush tube station is only a short walk away and there are bus stops right outside hotel.  The breakfasts are buffet style with plenty to suit all tastes, they will also cook you fresh waffles, pancakes poached eggs and omelettes to order, overall a very pleasant stay and will return in the near future.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Money in the toilet,"I arrived at this establishment for business. Wow what a complete 3rd world hotel. Staff smelt like cigs and cheap coffee. Really seedy vibe from this place, felt like a motel in Utah.  Felt like a prisoner in this place, small bed and old tv with VHS port. Staff kept lurking for tips, felt like a celebrity with paparazzi in this dirty residence. Food was not good, stay away had to get a subway sandwich instead each night.   Lobby looked like a seedy strip mall in the west valley. I got approached in my 25 minute check in by twi individuals trying to sell me insurance and dodgy motor part deals.  Wont be coming back mr hilton   Issac Lynch",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington,Great location and transport  Staff were great but hotel could use an upgrade as it is tired and a little somber  The view from the room was lovely but the beds were somewhat uncomfortable  We would stay there again though as it was good value for the location ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very busy Hotel,"Very convenient location with both Tube/Bus Transport just minutes away. Big Shopping Mall just around the corner. Staff are very helpful and friendy. Rooms and especially bathrooms in need of refurbishing. Window facing Holland Ave. are very good, no steetnoise when closed. Breakfast is really good and, again, staff is great. Overall I felt looked after except a bit uncomfortable with the condition of the bathroom.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Work conference,Conference location was good and the refreshment area was always clean and well stocked. The bedroom was clean and well presented. The food provided for the lunch and evening meal were dissapointing and not very hot. However the breakfast provision was excellent.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meh - tired and lacking ,"We stayed here over two nights whilst in London for a wedding.   The entrance area looks very smart and the underground parking is a plus.    However, the hotel rooms are very different.   As you walk down the corridor you can see that the hotel is tired, has lots of visitors and maybe lacks the attention to detail that I was taught to expect from a Hilton.    Enter the room and well its compact or at least ours was.   The bed creaked just sitting on it.   The bathroom felt unloved.  On the plus side after a poor nights sleep I was encouraged by a good breakfast.  However, it would not stop me looking at other options before booking somewhere in this area again.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shocking Stay with shocking Customer Service,"I have stayed at Hiltons across the UK - but never one as poor as this...  Split up as a family as the room we booked the spare bed was broken - 7 1/2 weeks notification on booking...  A room with no plaster on the corners of the walls where guests have banged cases etc but not been repaired..  Your staff were rude at times on reception, your waiting on staff think its acceptable to agree to arrange a table for 5 – he went away to resolve this for us then called us through to the restaurant and then offered us a table for 4 even after explaining we needed a table for 5 countless times.  You had 2 waitresses arguing with us in the restaurant and I was made to feel insignificant and a problem maker rather than a customer with a genuine issue.  This issue should have been removed…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A typical Hilton,"Rooms like Hilton everywhere. Breakfast selection excellent 5 minutes walk to Westfield shopping centre with bars and restaurants. Also tube and overground station. V convenient hotel. Staff friendly, rooms clean.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for a terrific part of London,"I found this hotel after leaving a bad Airbnb. I walked in and staff were very attentive and helpful.   Room was clean and modern. I was cold and they brought a supplementary heater to warm the room up. I also had issues with the electricity for my laptop and they brought the proper plug. Bed firm and nice. Bathroom up to date. Guest services solved every issue promptly.   Concierge was helpful in recommending shopping and restaurants. This was a great neighborhood to walk in with lots of pleasant restaurants and good shops in the Westifield mall, Good bar and restaurant in the hotel if you don't feel like going out again. I would stay here again",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"The hotel provides exactly what you wold expect to find with a 4 star hotel. I felt the price of £115 given the location was good value. The room was a good size, the bed was enormous if somewhat hard. I had a meal in the seating area of the bar/restaurant and the food was excellent and service was likewise. I had no real complaints with the hotel and am happy to recommend it. One tip, parking was going to cost me around £40 in their car park. I parked in the Westfield shopping center which is 5 minutes walk away and it cost me £6!",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Everything fine!,Organised hotel with kind staff and nice modern rooms with comfortable beds. Also location and price is great. Have stayed in many hotels and in this hotel you really get value of the money spent. Recommend!,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Sadly this hotel wasn't for me up to the usual Hilton standard. The first room we were given 1037 was tiny and very dingy our second room was 3078 a little bigger but not great and also outside the cleaning room. Breakfast was mediocre. The staff were all very helpful and location was great but I will not be back.,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another nice stay,"Conveniently located a few meters from Shepherd's Bush Underground station, this Hilton is also a fantastic location for shopping at Westfield (Shopping Centre). You can also be in central London within 30 minutes if you choose to. The hotel is clean, the rooms are adequate and the staff are all very professional, helpful and very friendly. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location to Shepherds Bush tube station.,"3 night stay here, great proximity to tube station and generally felt a safe area. The breakfast was fantastic with loads of choice, although it was a very busy service so they did run out of things frequently. The room was average, quite small but a nice bathroom and shower. The first bedroom we got shown to had not been cleaned properly from the last occupant, but they quickly gave us a new room.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,hilton kensington,"good hotel especialy location staff nice but depends on shift food at bar was average still a lot to improwe on meniu,prices and quality.(did not mean breakfast!)rooms clean room service responds quick to your requests",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, service & breakfast - small rooms","We were here for one night and the location is great - a couple of minutes from Shepherd's Bush tube station & Westfield shopping centre. Service was great & the one meal we had (breakfast) was very good - wide selection, no rush. Our room was well-equipped with a fridge, hairdryer, iron & ironing board, TV etc  but was rather small, even compared to some other central London rooms. We did not try the gym etc so cannot comment on that. I would return.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,We arrived at the hotel. Booked in and shown to our room fast and courteously Lovely room clean bathroom  Tasty breakfast. Good choice of food Very helpful stafff  would recommend to all and would revisit without reserve ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great vacation stay and close to almost everything,Hilton @ Kensington was a great place to stay when you visit London on vacation as it is close to Bus and Tube stations and offers good rooms and great breakfast. Check in was rather pleasant though I read comments about the delays. The person who checked in made sure the experience was great and quick. The breakfast was excellent. Room was quite but small compared to US similar hotels and the a/c was working just fine [once again a complaint many put on typical European hotels]. Concierge was helpful in booking tours and we used only one as we preferred to take a bus or tube and be at our pace.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel is tired and some poor Exec Lounge catering,"Location was handy and service team in the Exec Lounge and Reception were good. Unfortunately the hotel itself is tired with notable wear and tear on carpets and furniture. Exec lounge hot part of breakfast was barely warm and Saturdays pastrys were stale. Afternoon tea wasn't worth bothering, no sandwiches and a stale Coffee Cake being all that was provided. The good selection of evening drinks only partially made up for that. Overall way below the standard I've had at other London Hilton's in recent years.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel with great staff,We had a great stay & the upgrade on arrival was really appreciated. The room was extremely comfortable & was a great location for our visit to Shepherds Bush Hall. The only down side was my wife left her phone charger in the room. I emailed the hotel when we noticed but never received a reply.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, great location just rooms trapped in 1990's.","Having visited a number of Hilton hotels recently you pretty much know what to expect. Never mould-breaking or particularly inspirational locations they offer consistency from their strong brand values. Hilton Kensington follows the brand standards well and is good hotel overall but with one let down- don't think they've read the line about investing in the bedrooms (at least every few years).  Great location, nice public areas, comfortable bed, helpful staff and good breakfast...but the room we stayed in was straight out of the 1980's - didn't look like it had received a lick of paint for years and generally felt tired albeit clean and had everything we needed. So, as with all London hotels particularly in Holland Park, 2 minutes from Westfield White City, you're pretty much…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great vaction,"First of all,  The staff was very lovely and helpful. The gym is great there :) Breakfast really good. The only thing we had a problem with is the size of the room , is a small. Location is quite good, close to westfield mall and shepherds bush underground. Its 5 minutes walking on foot to the station.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent once again,"Booked the hotel  for a long weekend to visit London and celebrate my sons 21st birthday.  Arrived early and was informed that although the room was not ready, we could use the Executive Lounge as we had been upgraded. I have a Hhonors Gold membership and it has always been recognized when we've visited Hilton Kensington. We went out for afternoon, the hotel is in an ideal location for all forms of transport to all areas of the city. Also across the road is the massive Westfield Mall! Our room was lovely and comfortable, with robes, water and a fridge for our use.  The lounge in the evening had tasty snacks, both hot and cold and a wide range of alcoholic and soft drinks. The food was really tasty and a nice start to our evening. All the staff are so friendly and the concierge…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Have stayed here for 10 days in a month (over two stays). First time noise issues (quiet room was directly across from service area) promptly sorted by female manager, second time another noisy room (again, *sigh*) and who I assume to be a duty manager implied the noise was a figment of my imagination. quote: ""not the room, the customer.""   Flushing loos and taps turning on an off, conversations, thumps, weird grinding, and bumps (I assumed I was near service area again but as none near by must be just the other rooms). Third and fourth mornings awoken by high-pitched drilling sound and obvious maintenance going on. So glad I asked for a quiet room in the first place!  Manager guy rudely told me all rooms have noise as it is a hotel. That's complete rubbish. It's only because…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Again an excellent hilton stay,"I will start with the only negative of our stay this weekend which was not the hotel but the Italian couple in the room next to us. I had to call reception on the first night as they were talking/shouting so loud we couldn't sleep. The second night I had to let them know myself that their inconsideration was unacceptable.    However, the hotel and it's staff are wonderful. We ate in the avenue bar on Friday night and it was lovely. They couldn't have done more for us and catered for my wife who is coeliac.   The breakfast each morning was out of this world. Again catering for dietary needs and the choice!!! Wow.   Great location in lovely leafy Kensington.  Great for visiting the Westfield centre and 2 MINS from shepherds bush tube..  Worth taking a walk to portobello market on…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"Great location. Easy access to bus, underground and overground. Concierge staff very friendly and approachable. Rooms kept very clean. Breakfast was good. Wide variety. Many restaurants within walking distance. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,nice hotel in Shepherd's Bush,"Nice, modern hotel near Shepherd's Bush tube. Pleasant staff and bar and restaurant facilities. Not excessively crowded.    Small but usable fitness centre and sauna. Steam room was a bit too hot.  Prices vary a lot by date.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Where is gone the customer service?,"I will give 2 stars on this occasion instead of the 5 I always gave to this hotel . Check in went well as usual , then I went to the room and I found a staing of who the hell knows in my duvet which as soon as I reported they came to change, human errors happens all time so I am fine with that. The nightmare started when I decided to order room service. No room service in room so I rang to reception , they said is on TV, I said I couldnt find it , instead of helping me out they transfer the call to room service and I asked them to tell me where the room service is, again they said is on Tv and again I dont find it so , they might be extremely busy that they hang up and I have to figure out how to connect that bloody menu on TV. After 10 minutes, I gave up and I go to reception,…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,First visit here for my wife's birthday. Think I got an upgrade. Bed was huge. Room at front overlooking the gardens to Royal Crescent. Busy road but soundproofing good. Staff were so friendly and helpful. Only in room 10 minutes when room service arrived with complimentary strawberries in chocolate as a birthday treat for my wife. Much appreciated. We went to the West End for the evening and when we got back to our room there was another plate of strawberries which been left in our absence.  Breakfast was very good with a great choice.  Visited Kensington Palace and the park which is only a short walk away. Would certainly visit again. ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mrs A. P. V.,"Second time i stayed at the hotel in 6 months. Excellent in all aspects. The people working at the hotel are well trained so polite so professional. Sure found my hotel in London!!! The location is very good, easy access to the train, rail and bus and also taxi 24 hours outside the hotel. Round the corner to Westfield Mall!!!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quick one night stay,"Stayed one night as going to Covent Garden to see the ballet. Took about 25mins on tube to get into town but very easy. Rooms very hot but had windows that opened. Very quiet rooms, excellent buffet breakfast and lovely staff. Would use again.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First visit (possibly last visit) - dirty hotel and mouldy rooms,"Sadly this is my first visit (and possibly the last) to this Hilton in Kensington (London). I typically stay at the Marriott hotels. To begin with, the room was tiny. The double bed filled the room and I was knocking into the bed each time I walked past. The standard bed in other hotels is a King size. The room felt like a small students room on a university campus (or worse). However, what is totally unacceptable is the dirty and unhygienic rooms. Please see my pictures. The bathroom had mould and the coffee cups were dirty. The cups looked as if they were wiped rather than washed following a previous guest. Hopefully the brown stains in the bottom of the cups were dried coffee from a previous guest and nothing worse! However the hotel staff are excellent - very helpful and…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay,"Booked through theatre direct site, as seeing a play. Lovely the moment we walked in, smelt lovely, and very nice reception/bar area. We were quite early but the lovely lady on reception let us check in early which was a nice surprise. The room was small, but we hadn't come to stay in a hotel room, we had come to visit London. The room was clean, with fresh towels and crisp bedding, fridge and coffee/tea and nice toiletries. yes, it was a little ""used"" in places, but I suspect this hotel has a high turnover of guests, and that would be expected. The location is good, 5 minute walk from Shepherds Bush tube station. Westfield shopping centre on the doorstep, which is HUGE. The room temperature was ideal, and we were asked if we wanted a front facing room or a rear facing which…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for money,It was a decent place. If you do not have too much expectations it is really good. Next to on eof the UK's best shopping mall Westfield. Near to metro and train station. Bus stop infront of the hotel.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing return visit - not what it used to be,"We have stayed at this hotel several times over the last few years and been very happy.  My previous reviews were a lot more positive but unfortunately the hotel has deteriorated.  Basic accommodation, great location, often good rates around £130 and close to the London office my husband visits.  However, the hotel has been showing signs of a need for a remodel - now it genuinely needs an update.  The last time somebody had puked on the carpet with streaks on the wall and housekeeping had not bothered to clean it.  We had to call down and ask them to clean the walls and carpet.  The carpets are showing signs of wear and tear and are dirty.  I would not recommend a standard room as the décor is tacky.  Rather spend the extra few dollars on a deluxe.  We booked a deluxe but they…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,AMAZING STAFF,"This Hotel is in the perfect location - there is a Westfield just across the road and a major train station alongside bus stops to accompany it. Not to mention the fact that the Royal Crescent bus stop is right  outside its' doors! This Hotel is nothing short of a good investment. The biggest asset they have however, are their staff - In particular, the food and beverages manager, Chamil and Victoria in the Executive lounge who were both incredibly hospitable and accommodating. From our first day to our last day there, the entire experience was seamless and one we speak very highly of. It's worth forking out the extra money for the service and location you will definitely receive. Couldn't speak highly enough of this hotel and their staff.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hogmanay Break,"Stayed Auld Years Night for 2 nights. Staff were fantastic and very helpful with food and drink recommendations. Also giving information on getting around, buses and tubes etc.  Ate in Restaurant on Hogmanay, had a very nice two course meal and lovely bottle of house wine. Drink prices very expensive thought.  Rooms were lovely, ours hadnt been refurbished but my parents room was, and to a very high standard.  Perfect location for Shepherd's Bush, Westfield shopping and Holland Park.  Will return.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, some parts a little dated.","Stayed for one night, check in was friendly and warm, exactly what you'd expect. Lobby and bar area were well equipped and sizeable. Corridoors and doors to rooms were very worn and a little dated. Room was well sized considering it's in Central London and had all the usual amenities. Breakfast was well stocked and of good quality. Check out was smooth and easy. Overall a very good stay and would come back for a good price. But the hotel could maybe do with a little updating in some areas.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay with Friendly Helpful Staff,A great stay for the new year celebrations - the location was perfect but the helpfulness and friendly staff will ensure we return.  Charlene and Ian made our stay very memorable with fab upgraded rooms and we can't wait to return in February to enjoy the hospitality - thank you,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small rooms!,"Rooms are clean and the hotel is across the street from a large mall. Lots of good restaurants and shops in the mall. Hop on hop off bus picks you up right in front of the hotel which is very convenient. Nice area for walking. A few quaint restaurants within walking distance. One of them was a bakery named ""Francis"". Rooms are very small along with the bathrooms. Front desk staff very accommodating. Bellmen tend to stay inside the hotel and are not helpful with unloading luggage from vehicles.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Fantastic Stay!","Stayed here for for nights just before Christmas for a short break. The hotel is in a good location and is a short walk to 2 tube stations - Shepherds Bush & Holland Park. There are also plenty of restaurants at Westfield Shopping Centre which is also close to the tube station.  Although the room was fairly standard and the bathroom could do with an update we had a perfect night sleep every night we stayed and did not hear any noise from other rooms. The only minor point was that on 2 occasions we arrived back at the hotel late afternoon and the room had not yet been cleaned, so we had to pop back out for a bit while it was cleaned.  The breakfast is fantastic with a huge selection to choose from, hot food was always hot and everything seemed to be constantly topped up so they…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,New Year Stay,"Hotel located short walk from Shepherds Bush tube Really convenient for Westfield Shopping Restaurant in hotel not open in evening but food available in bar  Exec lounge was good, no table service, they had a bar serving drinks for normal 2 hours from 6 Breakfast was really good Rooms are ok no noise from other rooms, plenty of TVs channels, bathroom was a little tired looking Hotel located week to get tube into West End and Central London  Notting Hill and Portobello Road are an easy 20 min walk Plenty of restaurants in Westfield shopping centre and Notting Hill A few pubs easy walking No swimming pool ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Stay,"Was visiting London for few days between Christmas and New Year and chose Hilton Kensington as stayed before and area good for shopping and restaurants.   Hotel as usual was good and although expensive, it is London!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here,"As I told the manager as I checked out two nights earlier than planned: it blows my mind that this is a Hilton. Rooms are dirty, the concierge was rude, the bed was like a prison cot, the shower head didn't work, and the room smelled of urine. ",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,Good location but needs some updating but for cost it's not bad.  Lack of power points in easy to reach locations( none beside the bed).  Room was clean though and staff very helpful so value for money it is ok.  ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Christmas Break!!,"We stayed at this Hilton Hotel for a christmas break and everything was perfect! The hotel is very modern in decor and kept very clean. We had a great top floor room with great views looking out over the gardens opposite the front of the hotel. We had a few meals at the hotel restaurant and all was very good, Tomas the bar/restaurant manager was so friendly and nothing was too much trouble he really made you feel welcome so ""Thank you"" Tomas!! We also used room service twice and that was excellent. The location of the hotel is excellent across the road about 200 metres is the fantastic Westfield shopping mall and Sheperds Bush tube station is right next door to the mall. Overall a great stay and we would definately book again!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Don't be put off my the exterior. I was quite shocked upon locating the hotel having built up high expectations of the Hilton chain. Fortunately appearances can be misleading, inside the hotel was just as you'd expect from the name. Friendly service, great value and clean (bar the hotel downstairs ladies toilets - maybe check them regularly).  We didn't have breakfast included so can't comment. Would stay again ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mars,Highly recommend for family travel stay. Warm hospitality by Hotel staffs. The junior suite was comfortable for our family of 2 adults & 2 child. Well spread buffet breakfast .  Good location for bus access to main attractions and shopping streets,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. Great breakfast,Great location- right next to Shepherds Bush tube and Westfield shopping centre. 15 mins walk to Portobello Road Market and Hummingbird bakery! Rooms are everything you need. The breakfast is fabulous and absolutely stuffs you ever day! The staff was friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love this Hotel,Every time I come to London I stay here I am a Hhonors Diamond member  I get free Breakfast in the AM at both the Lounge and the Buffet Free Orderves and Drinks in the Evening Staff are very Friendly  You can tell the Staff like working there as there are people that have been working there for lots of years I was up early on New Years Day and talked to the General Manager and can tell she is hands on which I like a lot It is an older Hotel so sometimes things aren't perfect but they correct things right away,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good,"It is not my first time in the hotel, it is more than 5 times and I decided to stay in this hotel when ever I visit London..! Everything for me is very good, it is very convenient, you find everything very easy going, the staff very helpful...!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient good priced hotel,"The hotel was cheap compared to the convenient service I received. Small restaurants and coffee shops as well as a supermarket are close by. Room was on the smaller side but was okay as I was alone. Overall, a pleasant stay for one person.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mr,All very excellent and super quality shall stay there again later in the year the staff were very curteous and polite and well dressed. The food was spectacular for lunch and dinner and we had the Christmas meal which im my opinion was not at fault. Would definitely stay next time during our next venture to London  ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Christmas stay,"Excellent customer service, good value for money and very friendly, efficient staff. Good location for London attractions, with public transport on the doorstep. Lovely walks in Holland Park just behind the hotel. We have visited the hotel at this time of the year for the past 5 years.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good value, good location","Decent value in a great location for tourists thats close to shopping (Westfield) & a nice walk away (25 mins) from Notting Hill. Hotel has a decent room, bed mattresses are way too hard for my liking, breakfast is pretty good, staff are very friendly.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mediocre hotel ,I stayed here for a family visit in early December. This is an average hotel rooms are clean when we got there but I had to ask for firm pillows 3 times and each time got the same soft pillows. The first night the room was not cleaned to a satisfactory standard and I had to make a complaint and the next day it was cleaned well. Staff were helpful and courteous no issues there but this hotel is in need of a revamp as bathrooms are tiny with low ceilings which if you are any taller than 164cm your head would touch give ceiling in the shower. The hotel is in a good location just walking distance from Shepards bush station and Westfield shopping centre. I would only stay here again if the hotel price was the same as I got last time. Otherwise it's not worth it. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mediocre hotel ok for the deal I got,Hotel was average beds were not very comfortable and I asked for firm pillows 3 times only to get the same soft pillows. Bathroom was very small and cramped and had I been any taller my head would have hit the ceiling! On the first day the room was not cleaned to a good standard and I requested it to be thoroughly cleaned the next day. On the whole the staff were helpful and courteous. Just the hotel needs to be refurbished. Otherwise it's in a very good location a stones through from shepherds bush station and Westfield.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,Terrible service from start to end.  At check in Lady was miserable Rooms and Bathroom run down No face towels or hand towels supplie No Wifi. Car Park below machine doesn't accept new £5 notes and doesn't give change I can go on but I wont I can go on but I wont,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Experience,"when i travel i use to book Hilton or Radisson Blu, i usually love Hilton as they have all i need everywhere. this time there were not few problems, staff was not so polite, rooms were very small and i've booked the suite, bathroom were dirty and the bathtub was broken.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Executive Lounge & location,"This is a good hotel with good service and an excellent location. Holborn and Shepards bus stations are near by (buses too). The big Westfield shopping mall is next door.   They serve you good breakfast though some Hiltons have better (a cook who makes omlets in front of your eyes and they serve you tea and juice to the table).  I LOVED the lounge. It had lovely staff thaT really helped you with everything. The evening canapes and drinks were excellent. The drinks are made for you, so you don't have to pour the drinks yourself.   This was my third visit to the hotel and I can tell that the rooms vary, some Executive rooms are fairly small and some even need a bit of refurnishment. The lobby is quite new, modern and beautiful.   A good place to stay and see the city & have…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good connectivity and good room service ,"The reason why we chose Hilton Kensington was because of it's location. Right across the street is the Westfield mall which has a lot of eating joints and plenty of places to shop! There is also a tube station within walking distance. Enough about the location. The rooms are cozy yet not too small for a standard room. The breakfast was a treat! Their coffee shop and room service is also quite good. All in all, had a good time with no complaints! ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The staff are amazing.   They treat you so well.     They are so kind     We have bern staying for the last 4 years.,We have been staying at the Hilton Kensington for over 4 years.  And we would never stay anywhere else in London.     We also put other guest in the Hilton Kensington.   Because we have many companies.   Every time we put a person in the Hilton Kensington they all say the same thing.   The staff are the nicest people.   You will always feel at  home because of the kindness you are showed at the Hilton Kensington.   It also is an excellent location. If you like public transportation. The tube is across the street at the Shepard Bush Westfield Mall    You have a bus stop out front.     You can walk across the street to the Mall if you don't want to go far for a meal.   It is an excellent hotel ,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location,"Rooms are large enough and clean. Breakfast buffet is ok. Staff is a bit too cool. I had to come down three times to get stamps for my letters from the concierge kiosk. And in the morning there was just one employee to register for breakfast, so one had to queue. It is at walking distance from the Shepherds Bush tube and overground. Nearby is a large shopping centre, the first part are quite exclusive boutiques, but further in you have the main street stores. There are plenty of restaurants around the shopping centre. If you go along Uxbridge Road, there are even more restaurants of a more popular type.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Choice if the Price is Right,"My first 24 hours here were a bit of a challenge, but they demonstrated how good and responsive the staff are. The Hilton Kensington is an older property, which in hotel speak translates to tiny rooms. But if the price is right, that can be acceptable. Small rooms are not uncommon in London. I booked a room for 6 nights at 78GBP per night, which is pretty much unheard of at a name brand property in London. The room I was given was miniscule, wrapped around an elevator shaft, and worst of all, heard every word of every conversation in the hallway as people waited for the elevators. After one night of zero sleep, the front desk quickly and with no hassle moved me to a quieter room on the same floor. Kudos to them for that.  The WiFi in the hotel is abysmal. This seems to be a…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good,"We were a bit reluctant to book this hotel as we thought it was a bit far from where we preferred to be, but the location turned out to be fine and close to the underground.  The entrance is a bit seedy and needs some improvement, but our room was lovely with everything that one would want in a first class hotel. The beds were extremely comfortable and the service excellent.  We appreciated the complimentary computers in the lobby as did not have ours with us. The concierge was very helpful during our stay.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good hotel location and best breakfast in London,"We got a lovely warm friendly welcome at reception and the girl gave us lots of information and could answer all our questions on how to get to places we wanted to visit.The Hilton was ideal for our trip to Olympia, it is within walking distance so no worry about missing the last tube back to the hotel. There is also a shopping centre nearby offering shopping, ice skating and plenty of dining options. A nice quiet night's sleep and the best breakfast in London. It is on the central line underground line, so you are soon on Oxford Street for Christmas shopping and the lights of Regent Street. Will definitely be back",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor Attention To Detail,"In contrast to many of the recent reviews, I didn't find the staff all that polite or helpful.  Some seemed utterly baffled to find themselves working in a hotel!  It might be worthwhile conducting some staff training to remind them to exchange the customary courtesies when asked for directions, such as acknowledging being asked a question, and so on.  Reception staff were fairly pleasant (although despite encouragement they would not make an attempt to retrieve my HHI honours details) but the Frenchwoman who was quite possibly dealing with the mailbox but who was the only body around the concierge service and who didn't speak English and had never heard of Harrods was a classic of the Kensington Hilton genre.  However, the exceedingly slow bar staff (in what was a very quiet…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, nice sized rooms","I really enjoyed my stay at the Hilton Kensington. I had booked a double room and was upgraded to the executive Double room due to a slight error upon booking my room (i had been charged the wrong rate). I really appreciated the upgrade since it included free breakfast and happy hour snacks. My room has a double bed, a fridge with bottled water (flat and still) and a tea kettle.The bathroom was a good sized bathroom with counter space for my toiletries as well as an american sized shower. The only thing that was odd was that the shower is on a platform so it brings your head closer to the ceiling. I am 6 feet tall and was able to shower just fine but anyone over 6'2'' will not be able to stand up straight in the shower. The staff was very nice and the tube station is just a…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Slightly dissapointing,"On arrival very friendly staff. I had originally booked a deluxe double room for a two night stay and emailed the hotel to enquirer about upgrading to an executive junior suite and extending my stay to 3 nights , after quiet a while (couple of weeks) I received a reply from Cora @ reception quoting the rate for the suite and stating availability for the original 2 nights I responded saying that I would accept these rates and again would it be possible to extend stay for an extra night. After 3 weeks of no response I booked a third night in a deluxe double room separately to original booking. And another double room for 3 nights. On arrival at hotel staff were very pleasant and friendly.  Food and waiters in bar were excellent. 10/10 Deluxe double room was extremely small, basic…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Where to Put the Suitcases?,"We stayed here 3 nights, having stayed here before several years ago. It is a bit off the beaten track, if trying to arrive via public transport from the London airports.  However, the hotel is on the Central tube line, the best station to connect being a few minutes’ walk to Shepherds Bush. It’s easy to get into Central London along this line. Also Westfield Shopping Mall is located next to the Shepherds Bush station.  From check-in to check-out we were helped by friendly staff. We had to change our room, as the heat was not properly working. The second room needed a minor repair to the door frame. Both times, we received quick resolution to the problem. All with a smile and helpful attitude.  The rooms are small, as you’d expect in an older hotel in London. In the case of both…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service with a smile,"Recently returned from short break, we enjoyed our stay. The staff in the avenue bar/grill gave us a personal service and was nice to be spoken too about our visit. The manager was really nice and made sure we had enjoyed our meal/drinks. Room good also for cost and didn't find it noisy from outside as other comments have said ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"Stayed here for the first weekend in Dec,lovely rooms very comfortable reception staff especially Ian was fab it's very accessible by train and bus however I have given it a 3 due to staff offering us another guest left over breakfast I was highly offended by this.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hiltons,The beds and rooms are so big in this hotel. Breakfast was outstanding! The price was pretty reasonable for what we got. I will come back to this hotel as I feel it's one of the best hotels I've stayed in in London ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommended,"Having booked this hotel to be near Earl's Court Olympia and then reading reviews I was a little concerned. No need! This hotel was great. Staff were amazing, all helpful and chatty. Our room was ideal, just what we needed. The location was very good, right near Shepherds Bush station. We had breakfast in the hotel too - really good selection and glad we chose this option. We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good service, great part of town!","Spent 2 nights here, good helpful service from time of arrival. No need to eat there as Shepherds Bush area adjacent has a great range of restaurants at all price levels. Well  presented clean and quiet room as you'd expect in a Hilton.  Not the cheapest but still good value for what they offer.  Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location!  Staff Polite and Helpful,"I stayed here for 8 nights with my father.  We found it to be in a convenient location, a few minutes walk to Shepherds Bush shopping and the tube, making it easy to get into Central London and elsewhere.  All the staff we came across, were polite, and helpful, from the cleaning staff to the reception staff.  We did not eat in the hotel, preferring instead to take a short stroll to all the restaurants available in Shepherds Bush.  Would happily stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service but small rooms,"The staff are excellent, can't do enough for you.  The location of the hotel and everything about the hotel is excellent, but the rooms are VERY small.  Some of our group drove to the hotel and parking was good though don't bring your Range Rover, the ceiling height in the car park is very low.  The hotel facilities were great and food served all night ( from a night menu ).  Rooms are very very small. No room to open your suitcase and leave open.  Great nights sleep though, and very clean.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for the Hilton Brand,"A disappointingly tired looking Hilton property about 30 minutes by Tube from Euston. The standard rooms are ridiculously small with drab bathrooms and small beds. Check-in is also rather slow.  Our room offered a choice of noises, the traffic from the front of the hotel, the noisy neighbours, or the antique air-conditioning unit that wouldn't switch off.  A physical room service menu is non-existent and instead is offered via menu pages on the TV that are impossible to navigate and likely date back to 1999. The room service itself also attracts BOTH a £5/6 tray charge and an added service charge, making a £10 sandwich cost about £20!  I posted feedback via the Hilton app and requested any response be by email, only to instead be awoken by a phone call to the room after 9pm…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Hilton Breakfast,"This hotel is excellent in a convinient location for West London close to good public transport hubs. The staff of this hotel are generally very friendly and helpful. The bedrooms are clean and beds very comfortable. I always enjoy the hilton breakfast with so much variety all excellent quality. I've already booked my next stay, this time leisure.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for this price,"Only stopped at the hotel for one night but it was a very enjoyable stay. Great relaxed atmosphere, nice big public areas and plenty of lifts (unlike some hotels I've stayed in recently).All the staff could not have been more helpful. The room was clean and tidy, with all the necessary accessories and was quiet. I stayed in a double and it was a good size for Central London - the only draw back was the ensuite was very small - but clean. Breakfast was great and the best selection I have seen for a very long time and I travel every other week. All in all a very good stay and at the price I paid - fantastic value",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Staff great value for money,"The staff are fantastic, welcome is spot on even mentioning 'welcome back' as previously stayed all very nice touches. Hotel is nice and food is great. Parking is expensive but only £8 a day over the road at Westfield.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff and great resting place,"Lovely staff on reception (especially Janya) who really did go the extra mile for us and we're lovely with the kids.  Lovely clean, warm, restful room and superb breakfast. Super location. Lovely quiet room. Thank you so much. :)",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but the hotel is a little disappointing","I was a bit disappointed with the hotel, considering it is a Hilton. When we arrived there was a champagne bottle wrapper and wire under my bed and it remained there for our entire 5 day stay, I asked for more hangers and was provided with wire hangers. No robes. The toiletries weren't replaced on our 2nd last day.  However, the room was comfortable and quiet. Very clean (other than the champagne wrapper). The overall condition of the hotel is very good. The staff are nice and the location is amazing. In spite of the minuses, I would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a bad Hilton however the rooms are small. Dining service terrible,"Stayed December 12-13. Everything was fine except for the room service, which came to a grand total of £87.80 from the late night menu, which I intend to claim every last penny back on as FOUR separate dishes from the menu weren't available, so had to be replaced with items that weren't on any menu that seemingly existed in the hotel.  The order of one cheese and pickle sandwich arrived as two cheese toasties (which aren't even on the menu) and a pile of ready salted crisps. £8 for cheese on toast and crisps - and it wasn't even what I ordered. The only reason I didn't send it back was because the food arrived at 3am, and we needed to eat fast and then sleep for an early start. We also ordered two curries which were COLD. Literally COLD, not lukewarm, but genuinely cold. We were…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reception could have done so much better,"We made a simple request at the time of booking (four months in advance of our arrival) and phoned through the night before arrival to remind the hotel of our request: simply, that we would like a room away from lifts and stairwells.  On booking in (a queue of people before and after us) we were given a room only two rooms away from a large marble atrium serving FOUR LIFTS.  Back to Reception, reiterating our request;  next room we went to directly faced a 24/7 massively busy road; back to Reception and this time had a different member of staff who identified a room (no doubt available all the time) which was away from lifts and stairwells.  We had a peaceful night with our young grandson who is a VERY light sleeper (hence our original request).  Just some effort on the part of…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ups and downs ,"A weekend stay here with a friend for Christmas shopping, sightseeing and a show. Situated across the road from Shepherds Bush station with easy links to London.  A reasonable hotel with friendly staff. I found the most efficient to be those in the restaurant at breakfast.  A small issue with one of our key cards which wasn't working and had to be reprogrammed. Our deluxe room was in a quiet area of the hotel in the first floor but had no real view. (Just looking out to other rooms and air conditioning units). The room was a little on the small side but had adequate facilities including a large TV, tea & coffee, water, hairdryer, iron and board and bathroom amenities. A firm comfortable bed was provided with soft pillows.  The selection and quality of food and beverages at…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect !,"We spend a typical Ladies weekend there from Dec 8th till Dec 10th. We got a two bed room with a nice view, and compared to other hotels in Lodon the room was spacious. You only have to walk 5 minutes  to the Underground station 'Sheperds Bush Market', and, in front of the Hotel there is a bus station. The Staff is being greatly attentive and helpful. We'd like to come back for another trip :)",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good stay,"The hotel is in a really nice location and 5 mins walk from the tube. Check in was good and very friendly. The communal areas are of a good standard and the exec lounge is nice. We booked a twin room, we were given a small suite, it was nice but there wasn't two proper beds. One double bed and a pull out sofa bed in the other room. It was very uncomfortable and only suitable really for kids. When you book a twin you expect two proper beds.  Breakfast in exec lounge is a good idea for honours guests, only complaint is the scrambled egg was cold and bland.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Embarassing first trip for my foreign girlfriend's family.,"Well what can I say other than this experience left me absolutely speechless!  Organising a trip for my fiance's family, who are based abroad and coming to London for their first time to celebrate our engagement, I wanted to book them a hotel for a respected brand, close to amenities and notably the Westfield Shopping Centre. For location to the shopping centre, I can't fault the hotel. For everything else, I was left speechless.  Incompetent staff from the central reservations through to the reception, both in advance and upon arrival, did little to improve our experience.  I won't bore you with details but we were delivered;  - False promises - Rooms not available (despite arriving at 4pm and check in supposed to be 3pm). - Rooms not adequately prepared (no kid's bed or cot -…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic and Convenient hotel! ,They have a friendly service staff and also the hotel location was fantastic. The food restaurant was just a walking distance and there was also a bus to pick us up infront of the hotel to bring a tour around the city like Marble arch and Big Ben. ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fab location for Westfields and Portobello,"Great location for Westfields, Portobello Road, Kensington High Street. If you are keen on bus travel this hotel has the bus stops right outside on both sides of the road. Good bus service to Hyde park, oxford street etc. If you have breakfast included I would recommend paying the £5 tray charge for breakfast in the room. Great selection, hot fresh and relaxing. All cooked to your taste. Lovely quiet public areas no hustle and bustle, a delight. Recommend the Bar/Lounge/Restaurant- David the Manager of the restaurant very happy to help with any special requests, attentive and great customer service!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay :),Could not fault this hotel one bit either with location or staff ! General manager Patricia  & GR manager Veronica could not have made our stay any better. They are a credit to the Hilton chain :). I would def rec this hotel. Cant wait to come back :):):),Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Weekend Stay,"Had a two night stay here recently and generally found it very good and very busy, had to queue a while to check in. The room was small with an even smaller bathroom but very clean & comfortable. We had breakfast here both mornings which was very good with plenty of choices. The hotel is in a nice area just a short walk from the tube station and local shops, ideal for exploring the city.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awesome exeperiance,Stayed here for 2 days with my in laws.The experience is how a hotel stay make you feel totally relaxed .I always  stay paying that little more pays dividends.A total warm caring yet professional approach.From booking in to  checking out just Awesomre.Thanks,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I'd certainly recommend,"Stayed in Twin Room which was booked through a conference organiser. Very pleased with my stay in all aspects. Arrived very early and check-in was very helpful in providing what they could - sorting me out with bag storage and arranging to ring me when the room became available. Really nice, friendly experience and settled me after being on the go from 3.30am! All staff were genuinely friendly and very efficient. Nice bar area, where we dropped in at times to have coffees and whisky - again to say staff very attentive. We would concur with others that Breakfast is definitely a good measure above the norm - very very busy but relaxing environment. The room was quite large by London standards, good to have chairs - plus large TV -- everything worked well and always good to open…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great spot,"Stayed three nights and have used the hotel for the best part of 10 years.  The hotel is in the perfect location and has everything you need on the doorstep.   Staff were excellent in the reception, bar, restaurant and housekeeping.     The hotel isn't the most aesthetically pleasing externally but don't be influenced by that.    Our room was upgraded and had some nice touches on arrival.   Bathrooms are a little tired but otherwise rooms are excellent.   I will definitely be back.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good and not quite so good.,Booked a 2 night theatre break and have stayed in other Hiltons which have been v good and efficient so it wasnt a good start on arrival to be told our booking haf been lost! Staff and Manager not particularly helpful but asked us to take a seat while they investigated. It was eventually resolved and we were checked in by a much friendlier receptionist. Room was fine though very clean and comfortable with excellent hot shower. Buffet breakfast excellent with lots of choices. Bar staff v friendly too and late night pizzas were superb!,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly tiny rooms!,"I've stayed at several Hilton hotels in London and thought I knew what to except, but this one turned to be rather disappointing. I had a room on the Executive floor, and it was so tiny - two very narrow beds and barely enough place to squeeze between the beds and the walls. Absolutely to places for suitcases, none! We were there for one night only so I did not bother to try and get a different room, but I don't think I'll be staying there again...",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,City break,"Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, really pleasent staff, and fantastic, large clean rooms! I had stupidly booked a twin instead of a double for me and husband, and whilst the receptionist did check if she could change it unfortunately they where fully booked! My own fault, but really appreciated her checking. We didn't have breakfast, choosing to eat out in the city centre (tube is a 5 minute walk across a busy road away) or at the nearby westfields so I can't comment on the food. But we did enjoy a drink in the bar on 2 of our nights, again very please take staff. Walls where nice and thick so not much outside noise which is prevalent in city hotels, and everything was clean which is expected from a Hilton hotel. We intend to visit London in summer of next year and will be…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Probably not for extended stay,The hotel was ok but not one that you'd long to come back to. The lobby is not particularly great with a sort of L shape. My room was pretty small. I banged all the walls with my bags coming in but I guess it's enough for one person. Same thing for the bathroom. Not much space.  The best thing was probably the breakfast buffet which was quite nice and varied. The price was good value.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Solid choice in good neighbourhood,"I stayed at the hotel for a week on business. It was a solid, if unexciting choice. The room was clean and no complaints about the housekeeping. And yes it's a busy, if impersonal hotel but no surprises. What I enjoyed most of all was the neighbourhood. Out the door in one direction, past a large roundabout, was Westfield London, an upscale mall and the Shephards Bush Tube station. However, going into the city, I got in the habit of walking the other direction to Holland Park stop or, if I was feeling ambitious, Notting Hill Gate station. It was a lovely morning walk along tree-lined streets with inviting storefronts. The walk back at night inevitably took longer because of stops at the book store and pub.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very busy hotel - very up and down experience,"This is a very busy hotel near Shepherd Gate Tube station.  My experience staying one night, on two separate occasions was mixed.  For the record, I'm a Hilton Honors Gold member.   Good:  The premium rooms seem to have been fairly recently renovated.  I was upgraded to one on my second stay.  The look is understated modern.    Not so Good:  The non-premium rooms are a bit worn and frayed around the edges.  Stains on the carpet etc.  Very generic, boring design.   Good:  Location is near an important Tube Station so access to public transit is good.  Only a few minute walk with a subway to help you walk under the very busy traffic circle.  There are shops and restaurants walking though I can't comment on their quality.   Not so Good:  Getting to Heathrow on public transit…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Really nice hotel, staff are lovely and hotel is in a really nice area too. We upgraded to the executive lounge for £50 for two people which was well worth it and included unlimited drinks in the evening, tea and coffee all day, afternoon tea and breakfast!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business visit,"Not the easiest of places to get to on the underground. Room was ok it the food was very mediocre. Conference room was small and not really fit for purpose, more like a low ceilinged cellar, screen was not easily seen by the delegates. Wifi was slower than traffic on the M25. Needs a bit of a refurbish, was all rather tired.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Abysmal...,"The rooms here are so deteriorated, I felt like I was spending the night at Miss Havisham's prison. The place looks like a prison. Mold in the bathrooms, dirty, torn carpets, woodworked banged up from years of neglect, circus atmosphere of people coming and going at all hours of the night in loud manner. Very, very poor and Hilton corporate should remove their flag immediately.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Value for Location,Stayed here several times. Last visit booked through hotels.com sale £180 for 2 nights. Room perfectly adequate as spent little time there. Very clean although bathroom quite compact but acceptable. Join H Honours to get free wi fi. 5 minute walk to Westfield Shoppng Centre where there are good restaurants. Walk towards Holland Park tube and get breakfast at Giraffe much cheaper than Hilton.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small bedrooms and needs refurbishment ,"My fiancé and I are regulars to London and I've stayed in plenty of hotels under the Hilton name. This has to be the worst unfortunately.   We had a very long day as we had driven from Birmingham after meeting wedding suppliers in the Cotswolds. We were looking forward to getting into our room and winding down so we were pleased that check in was fast and the staff were friendly. The only thing I should note is that we didn't get the usual free cookies, not really a big deal but as I usually get them I was expecting one.   When we got into the room I was shocked at how small and tired looking it was. I'm used to Hilton rooms being crisp and modern but here the wallpaper was old and yellowish and the carpet had light staining all over it. The incredibly tiny bathroom had a cheap…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"Easy to get to from Shepherds Bush station, we flew into Gatwick and it took up 45 mins to get to the hotel, this is a good base to explore London from.  The rooms are ok, nice and clean, tea and coffee making facilities, an ok number of sockets, but limited lighting around the mirror.  The breakfast was excellent, very varied and something for all tastes.  At all times the staff were helpful and friendly, though we waited an eternity to get a drink in the bar on the Saturday night.  all in all recommended and we would go back.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Staff - old Hotel needs a refurbishment ,"I have been staying in this Hotel for one month now due to business commitments. The Staff are excellent- all areas. Always very helpful and attentive. Rooms are small, and the Hotel as a whole is in need of an extensive refurbishment. Breakfast service is very good.  Keep up the fantastic service Staff; you are the heart and soul of this Hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton (And shocking parking charge),"First off it's fair to say that at around £125 per night the overall (room cost) isn't too bad for London, however the standard rooms are a little dated and very small. Reception staff and porters/concierge were very friendly and give a nice welcome. Breakfast choice was ok, though again not at the level you experience in many other Hiltons and the food was only warm rather than hot, plate clearing was also very slow/non existent leaving you to eat at cluttered table or having to stack plates yourself and/or move them to an empty table. What was shocking though was the parking charge, I was aware of a £25 per day charge and we did leave the car there for 27 hours (arrived 2.10pm on Saturday, left 5.15pm on Sunday) but I was charged for 2 full days despite only staying 3 hours on…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as described!,"Very small, you could hear the next door room, the hotel needs a complete overhaul, hotel is not at all as described.  Staff was good. The breakfast was not very good either, I go to London often but would not think about staying here again! I made staff aware of my concern the night before I checked out and they were in total agreement that the hotel is very tired and in need of a complete refurbish !",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Christmas weekend in London,We spent the weekend doing all things Christmas and based ourselves at the Hilton.  Very large hotel with underground parking.  Very easy to find.  Appears to have all that you need.  The rooms were very well equipt.  The bar area was very relaxing and the staff more than friendly.  Everyone was helpful and only too wiling to be of assistance.  Good location.  Would certainly go there again.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"Stayed here for a family celebration in London, the location of this hotel within 5 mins walk to Shepherds Bush Train & Underground station makes it ideal for visiting central London. The check in process was smooth and although we were told that check in was from 3pm, we were checked in by 2.30pm. All the hotel staff we encountered were professional and welcoming, we took the opportunity to upgrade the rooms to include the executive lounge, which gave us access to the lounge, free drinks and canapes in the evening and a different breakfast selection in the morning. The rooms were to the usual standard in a Hilton, bed was comfy, bathroom well appointed, staff were helpful, all in all a great place to stay.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not good,"We've stayed in a lot of hotels and consider ourselves quite easy going guests.  All we ask for is a comfy bed, a bit of peace and quiet at night and coffee/tea making facilities.... the 1 star I've given this hotel is for the fact we had tea and coffee.   Check in involved queuing for about 20 minutes, we were offered breakfast at a cut rate price of £14 ... a person! (Politely declined)  Our room (3079) was carefully situated right next to the cleaners store room and you have to give them credit, incredibly hard working ... we know because they were banging about in there into the early hours of the morning!   Ouch! The bed was the hardest bed I've ever slept in, the room despite its air conditioning unit was like a furnace and all the air conditioning vent seemed to do was…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great time,"Hotel staff, location and hospitality second to none. Cameron White and his staff were a credit to the organisation. The whole experience was excellent from breakfast through to bedtime. Location amenable to all London via the underground",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of November. Service and hotel was excellent. The rooms could do with being updated. Carpets worn etc.  I would stay again, breakfast was great and rooms clean. Bed wasn't the best but the I struggle to sleep in any hotel. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a good area,"7-8 minute walk to Holland Park tube station, then 8 mins tube ride to Oxford circus. 5 mins walk to Westfield shopping centre. Hotel great, rooms good, helpful staff and an excellent breakfast. Gym adequate for most needs, Steam room and Sauna a bit dated. No feeling of threats around the hotel late on a night. It is in a very upmarket area.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Front of house modern rooms need updated,"Stayed here for one night   Fast effect check in  Nice bar, decent food hotel prices  Rooms 2026 very cold even with heating up full  Surface of bath peeling off  Staff good  Would be a good hotel if the spent a few quid on the rooms  Fairly priced",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff like caring angels,"I never generally expect much of a Hilton or any of the other big brand hotels. The rooms are all fairly standard, the foods alright, and they are generally just not that exciting.  However... After the conference I was attending opened up the hospitality session and various delegates along with myself began a series of drinking games, there was every chance I wasn't going to make it back to my little Hilton room.  Lost room keys (both of them), lost wallet (everything in it) and some light vomiting outside the conference venue (wasnt the only one!) with much of it down myself, I'm sure the last thing Hilton wanted was to let me in to their premises.  Bless their wee cotton socks though, let me in they did. Spare keys, taken to my room and shown in (I think. I don't remember…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent and good value,"For £75 per night I could not complain. The check in was easy, they changed room from a twin to a double room. The hotel is right near the tube and also westfield. The check out was easy and they immediately removed the £40 bar bill that some swine had signed for under my room number the night before. Lots of people around, and a slightly dark walk from tube station but for £75 it was exceptional. Got an uber to kensington for around £5.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,"I read reviews for this hotel's rooms that were not so good. My experience was just the opposite. The room that we stayed on the 4th floor facing the main road with a view of the park was excellent. Renovated with very good (but small) mattress and a good size bathroom. The room was very clean with tea and coffee facilities, mini bar and safe box. The bathroom has all the basic toiletries. Breakfast is excellent and the restaurant is open until 1am, very convenient when you arrive late. Transportation is very convenient with bus stop just outside the front door of the hotel and tube station near by. All the staff are polite and helpful especially the Concierge who was really very helpful. As I worked in hotel industry for many years this is my professional opinion.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasure and business ,This is a favourite hilton where you're always looked after.  Cameron front desk manager sorted our breakfast and requests. Suites are comfortable and staff are excellent. The executive lounge has plenty of seating and good service. A brand worth sticking to.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"Good hotel for a quick visit to London.Bed was very comfortable and room very clean,with fresh clean towels and toiletries replenished daily and tea and coffee making facilities.  The only downside for me was that the WiFi is not free,their is a £12.00 daily charge.  I would recommend this hotel as its in an excellent location with the underground station just a few minutes away.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A decidedly average stay,"We stayed here with another couple for two nights, both in double executive rooms. From check in, which took over half an hour with the receptionist leaving us three times to the tired and worn rooms and the the lack of service at breakfast, this was a disappointing stay. The saving grace was the executive lounge, and you get less food here than on previous occasions. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean and friendly hotel,"Stayed here for one night for a weekend away in London. I found all the staff that I encountered very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and well equipped. A good size en suite and tea and coffee making facilities. We ran out of milk as we always do but were given plenty of supplies when we asked. Very near to the tube and also to Westfield shopping centre, well worth a visit. The breakfast was amazing with good quality food and plenty of it. A choice of hot and cold buffet, continental and cereals and fruit with tea / coffee and juice . A good nights sleep in a comfy bed and found the room very warm but not too noisy. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,"We spent two nights here on a family ladies Christmas shopping trip. We had a twin and double adjoining rooms which were a good size. The rooms were clean, comfortable and well stocked with tea and coffee A fridge was available for use and could be stocked as a mini bar if so wished. The bathroom was clean with white fluffy towels and plenty of toiliteries ( the bathroom door had some water damage). The hotel staff were welcoming and helpful. We had booked breakfast but found it problematic. The hotel was full and the breakfast room was very busy resulting in a lengthy queue. However even when the three of us reached the front we were passed by with many pairs of guests being seated before us (two relatives  in our party had gone down to have breakfast before us and as we were…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good basic accomdation ,"Satisfactory for the standard of Hilton group of hotels .was rather surprised by the front office staff since they offered us better rates if we book directly with them , the travel agent n online booking rates are bit more expensive according to them , it was not only for me but they were offering for other customers as well .but it's nothing new all the hoteliers around the world are doing the same to get direct money .rest all was good n the stay was pleasant ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"Good hotel,staff and very well located and only five minutes walk to one tube station or for a change of scenery, ten minutes maximum to holland park underground station. Many independent shops and a good pub nearby.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,A very enjoyable stay in London even if it was business. The check in staff were fast and efficient and greeted with a smile. The down stairs area was clean and tidy and I found all staff polite and willing to help. If you take a car parking at the hotel is quite expensive at £35 per day. I've stay twice now and would stay again.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Pleasant Stay,"The hotel is well positioned very near the central underground line making transport across London very easy and quick. Opposite is the Westfield Shopping Mall which covers all your shopping needs in a very pleasant environment. The hotel itself is renovated, large and always busy (feels like an airport terminal), but is well managed with a very friendly and efficient reception desk. It has four large lifts which are slow. The restaurant offers a good variety and surprisingly for London, is open till 1.00 am which is very convenient if arriving late. We specified a large, front facing room as high as possible. The room was renovated and very pleasant with a nice view of the park across the road and excellent road insulation. It featured a large flat screen TV and all the other…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would not go back,"I would say this is an average place to stay, it wasn't brilliant. The entrance is nice and the staff are welcoming and helpful but that's about it. Breakfast was not good. The service is terrible and one of the hot food waiters was wearing really dirty clothes. The tables were not very clean either. I wouldn't go back, it's poor for a Hilton.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent as always ,Business trip to London and needed good accommodation for the week whilst exhibiting at the Olympia ideal home show  One stop away from Olympia and once again pleased with the service the food and the rooms  Not the cheapest but  worth the money ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"As usual with a Hilton hotel the quality is generally good. A couple of minor issues such as an annoying flashing light in the room when you set the heating to off, which then flashes all night in the dark but overall a good hotel. Staff are very friendly and the Exec lounge is great if you get to use it on an evening. It can be a bit of a trek out of central London but would use again.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient place to access west London,"The Hilton Kensington is a short walk from Tube stations at Shepherds Bush and Holland Park.  The hotel is OK but nothing special, The bar is very busy in the evening and the staff although extremely pleasant are stretched with table service. The prices appeared to be very high but I am from the North!  The quality of the food was good and the breakfast selection was excellent.  The room was too warm and the cooling cycle of the aircon was not very efficient. I opened a window which did help  The bed was very comfortable and the room most welcoming. . The lobby staff were helpful but the lobby itself would probably be more appealing if better use was made of the space. All in all I enjoyed my stay but I left thinking that it could have been better.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location away from the centre ,3 out of 5 because it was ok. Not bad but not pushing it either. Good location for working in London with access to some nice local pubs 10 min walk away. Bar in the hotel is more up to the Hampton by Hilton standard. Friendly checkin staff.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good if you like brown,"Stayed here for an overnight business conference; fine hotel with nice entrance and restaurant/bar area, however the rooms and corridors leading to them do feel a little dated/shabby compared to the rest of the hotel. Room itself was pretty standard and what you expect of this sort of place, although regardless of what setting the air-con was on, and opening the window the full 2 inches it would open couldn't prevent my room feeling very very warm. Decor and furniture were brown.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not perfect but so much better than the Metropole. ,"Clean rooms.  Good food service in the bar they turned steak wrap (trendy but crap) back into steak sandwich,  apparently Hilton are trying to be trendy with the food.  Bad - Random credit card receipts apparently some of their staff believe whether you get a credit card receipt is not in their control.  Fortunately most staff don't. It's a good location near Westfield at white city which provides food alternatives and Shepherds Bush tube. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't have guessed it was a Hilton - but it's by no means bad,"Stayed here during December 2015 with my partner as a London getaway weekend to do some Christmas shopping. We happened upon this hotel as it was a Hilton and was due to a promotion was roughly the same price as local Premier Inn's etc. So we thought we'd splash out and try the Hilton experience.  Maybe I had built up my ""Hilton"" expectations a bit too high, as I have admittedly never stayed in one before. And while the lobby and reception is very welcoming and luxurious, the rooms however seemed very basic and the same as a Travel Inn. This is in by no means an insult, though. As it was very clean and had everything we needed. It just didn't have that extra mile I thought you would get for spending that bit extra.   The location is fantastic if you're looking for a nice place…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Hit then a Miss,"We travel to London on a semi regular basis, and this time was for my birthday, and a concert! I was shocked at how reasonable the prices were compared to a lot of other hotels in the area, so I booked 4 rooms via Booking.com.   Upon arrival at the hotel, I was pleasantly surprised by how nice it was, at £114 per room, I expected a budget hotel, which this was not.  I asked about an upgrade at check in (fancied a nicer room given the occasion!) and was told the ""Presidential Suite"" was available, I informed him that while I'm happy to hear the price, I doubt I will be able to afford it... And was offered a VERY VERY reasonable upgrade price. So the Presidential Suite"" it was!  We went up to the top floor, and entered the room, and while it seemed small, it was very nice, clean,…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,Valentina & Victoria Stayed at the Hilton 2 weeks ago as i would not pay the ridiculous price the Hilton Wembley was asking. The 2 young ladies mentioned above were working in the lounge and done a great job. Credit to the brand and what you expect when visiting a Hilton. Breakfast also was very good.  Only downside Irish Coffee £10.40 for a single shot of whiskey. Robbery ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"Currently staying here for two nights for my wifes 50th birthday trip to London. Good points are location - 2 minutes walk away from Shepherds Bush tube station on the Central line and a 15-20 minute walk to Notting Hill. This hotel is living off the past reputation of Hilton. The common areas are all OK such as bar and reception area but our standard double was tired and in need of a refurb. The carpet was stained, the bathroom was poor with rust and marks on the bath and bath tub panel. The shower over the bath was dated and poor. The minibar was also completely empty and looked like it was decommissioned. My wife and I had three very painful injuries between us knocking our knees on the corner of the wooden bed frame as the mattress wasnt big enough for the bed and so the…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the greatest quality Hilton,"Had this hotel been attached to a name of a lesser standard my review would have been better but when you book with the Hilton you expect high quality and this hotel is just ok, nothing special.    It was clean and comfortable but the finer details were nothing special.  The fridge in my room wasn't working, neither was the ice machine down the hall.  When we tried to call reception (or any of the numbers listed in their book) to ask for assistance, we had to call round the numbers several times to get an answer.    As I say, everything was 'fine' so no big complaints, the place just seems a little tired and could do with some more attention to detail for a Hilton.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in quiet area,"Another comfortable Hilton hotel. I have been staying at Hilton hotels in London regularly. The room was a bit small, though, but very clean and comfortable with all the amenities. The entrance/lobby is great with a bar, friendly concierge and restaurant. Only downside was that no free WiFi is being offered in the guestrooms, but at a rather steep rate. The hotel is in a quiet street in a nice neighborhood. Holland Park and Kensington Gardens are nearby. If you do not feel like walking to a tube station (either Shepherds Bush or Holland Park) a bus stop is across from the hotel and will drop you almost at the doorstep (line 149 from Piccadilly Circus). Very friendly staff, in particular the Dutch lady at reception who helped me check-out very efficiently.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel,  Fantastic Staff","We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this Hotel. The room was quite standard for a 4 star hotel, but it had all we needed. What makes this hotel however is the staff. Nothing is too much and all issues are taken care if immediately. The concierges are so very friendly and helpful , these men are the best. The front desk, always service with a smile. Room service and housekeeping are also friendly and helpful. They most likely will see us again at the Kensington Hilton.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible experience,"We stayed here for a friends birthday weekend and I have to say I was disappointed with the whole experience. The price we paid didn't match the quality of the room, We had a terrible shower which was full of limescale, a broken shower door, no bathroom extraction, windows which were sealed shut and NO heating. The room was freezing for both nights, first night it was because I thought I hadn't turned it up before we left, having found the heating controls (strategically hidden behind a lamp) we found it was full up yet blowing cold... The bed was the most uncomfortable I had ever slept in, the bed frame itself was loose. I was thoroughly disappointed with the whole experience, came home exhausted.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,"Cool place, close to underground. Also close to department store. clean and nice. I think this is a good choice for coming to london because it not too far and easy to go every where. Little small space.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"The hotel is conveniently located, clean, and safe. We had a room on the backside and it was quiet enough to leave the window open each night. The staff was courteous and helpful. We were very satisfied",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton kennsington stay,Enjoyed our stay very much and hotel very close to Westfields. Staff excellent  Executive lounge was a great feature but disappointed afternoon tea snacks have been taken out and this was one of the reasons for booking this package and was still including at time of booking due to checking various places executive lounge supervisor was very apologetic and did leave cards in the room to say sorry but did miss this as part of the experience having had this recently at another Hilton and found it amazing  Please bring it back as would love to come and stay again but would now thing twice. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, Dated and Disappointing",My wife and I booked a three night mid week break at this hotel. Check in was pretty slick but because we had prepayed for the stay they wanted a £50 deposit from us which was repayable when we left which I thought was odd. On getting to our room I thought quite small and dark not what we are usually used to. I must say it was clean with the usual complimentaries. However on trying to operate the the air con I found that it did not work. I reported this at reception and again the following day and was told it would be sorted out. The bathroom plugs in the bath and sink did not fit and the water ran straight through I reported this on two occasions and was told it would be sorted but never was. As nothing had been done after two days I emailed a manager who must have said…,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,Just a short stay but found this hotel clean and comfortable. The location is ideal for visiting the various sites with bus and tube services nearby. Very helpful staff. A good breakfast choice. Given room on arrival early.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An outdoor experince,"We stayed in Hilton Kensington in Shepards Bush for three nights. A nice hotel, but our room was very cold, so we went to bed with the fan on heating and full power (a very noicy fan I might add). We woke up freezing. It was like a window was open , so we checked the windows and the fan - it was on full power - but no hot air so we turned it off. Again, in the morning woke up freezing. Checked the windows again - everything closed. The bathroom was the same - freezing, and you automatically jumped off the toiletseat when you first sat down. No warmth in the floor and no place to turn on more heat in the bathroom. We told the reception that the room was cold and that the fan didn't seem to be working. We asked for extra duves and they told us they would check the fan. We where in…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay here more frequently if trhe price was better,"I work in West London 5-6 times per year and use this Hilton most times but would certainly use it consistently if the price was more competitive. As a HHonours member I receive a warm welcome, free wifi and complimentary water but the benefits are limited really. Breakfast is not included on several rates and, in my view, should be complimentary because the real cost of a breakfast is not significant. Overall, the room is good though tired in places and the service is polite and engaging.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for a short London break.,"10 minutes from Shepherd's Bush tube station and slightly longer from Holland Park. Accessible location near Westfield shopping and dining experience. Hotel is very comfortable and what you would expect for a Hilton Hotel. Had room only and ate breakfast out. Breakfast at the hotel seemed much more expensive. Bar prices were higher but restaurant prices were reasonable. Staff were very helpful and pleasant. Hotel was very busy, as you would expect at this time of year. Overall cost was very competitive compared with other hotels.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2 nights of hell,"Not a long one, I have to admit, first room the mattress made so much noise it made it impossible to sleep, it made the sound of rusty springs rubbing together. Having asked for a quieter mattress they kindly moved us to a room above the banqueting suit, a loud Indian wedding kept us up until 1am. Horrible minute rooms very little soundproofing just altogether a horrible experience. By the way I am writing this from a gloriously comfortable bed in a premier inn  ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel & Location,"Me and my mother stayed here for two nights in November 2016. The location of the hotel is fab, a very short walk from Shepherd's Bush tube station which is on the central line - great for getting to Oxford Street and Leicester Square.  The hotel staff were friendly and welcoming, and the room was very clean & comfortable, if slightly small. It was ok for a couple of nights but if you are staying longer I would suggest a larger room or a different hotel.  The hotel breakfast was fab, all the usual hot breakfast or continental breakfast items, with the added bonus of them making omelettes, pancakes or waffles on request. The hotel seemed very popular with professionals, there were a lot of business men and women around.  The major drawback of the hotel is the lack of wifi in the…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,This hotel was chosen for a family reunion. We booked 5 deluxe rooms many months in advance. At the time of booked we stated that we needed a room with a walk in shower for someone with limited mobility. This was confirmed in person the week before but when we arrived the room had a bath. They began to look for a disability room even though all we needed was a room with a shower (which they have). Eventually they found one. Well..the bathroom was tiny. It did have a walk in shower but with no handrails on the wall. The toilet did have all the rails but it wasn't raised because it couldn't be. I am 5ft 2 inches and my knees were under the sink. You could not have got a wheelchair in there. Then the bed..it came to my hip so getting on it was difficult..no way you could transfer…,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here for two nights this week.  The hotel is a 5 minute walk from shepherds bush tube station but we also discovered the 94 bus! This bus picks you up right outside the hotel and drops you back outside again. It will take you straight to Hyde Park, Selfridges or Piccadilly Circus. So easy  The hotels has small rooms but well  appointed and the staff are great.   We will return here again in for definite.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could have stayed at a travel lodge,Very average. Rooms are old furnishings and tiling need attention but all us clean. Location is kind of the middle of nowhere with overpriced on site bars  and nothing very close. Tube access was okat.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"I had never considered this area of London to stay in, but after I reviewed the location and proximity to transport, I went ahead with the booking. I was very surprised how close it was to Shepherds Bush, about a 10 minute walk, if that.  The wifi in the hotel was efficient enough but could disconnect if you weren't using it- this is probably the only complaint I can offer. Otherwise, the proximity to shopping, transport and the fact that it was in a great neighborhood is more than enough for me to stay here again on my future trips to London.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Morning Start - Charges for WiFi,"With Hyde park and Westview mall nearby, this hotel is in a great location. The rooms are quite spacious, clean, and rather quiet. The breakfast was perfect, for a buffet. Most hotels are rather weird about their breakfast but this is among one of the best breakfast buffets I have seen. The  major problem with this hotel is that it charges for WiFi - A LOT. You will likely have to pay 15 pound for internet access which is ridiculous when it comes free with almost any other competitor. The concierge is very helpful and nice - among the friendliest I have seen. Overall, you will likely have a good night here.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shocking administration response ,"Overall experience of this hotel was quite shocking as we experienced a few technical glitches which meant we were double booked and charged twice, once we noticed the error on our bank statement it took serval calls before speaking to the right department to deal with our situation, only for another two weeks to pass before they refunded us one of the rooms. Otherwise the hotel it's self was quite nice and pleasant ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Hotels near Shepherd's Bush, London","Although the hotel is clean, personnel is very welcoming and friendly, it is a very avarage hotel. It needs re-decorating, it feels quite old, but it doesn't have antique fornitures. The rooms are small and noisy. The bathroom is noisy too. If a guest has sleeping problems this is not the right hotel for you. Just to understand the hotel level: I went to speak to concierge the day before my flight to book an early taxi. About 3am, to take me to Victoria Station. The taxi is a mini cab, 22.00 pounds from Holland Park road and Victoria. But the driver didn't know where it was Gatwick Express entrance, giving wrong information about station opening and closing hours. A disaster. It is just indicative... There is no care for details and that is not a question of money. But is a…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay in London,We spent 5 days at this wonderful hotel!! The positives are first of all great and very helpful staff.  Secondly it is not too far from the center and only a minutes walk away from the Sheperds bush tube station and the bus #148 that takes you to the center of London stops just across the street from our hotel!! Thirdly and most importantly it is a minutes walk away from the beautiful Westfield mall where you can find everything a place to eat to wonderful brand name shops to do all of your shopping!!! The hotl room was kept perfectly clean as well!! The only negative thing is that our room was a bit small for the Hilton!! But in all we had a good stay and would definitely recommend it!!!,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"I've stayed here a few times before, and I have not been disappointed. Unlike some other reviews, I didn't have a problem with checking in. I was able to get into my room early. It was clean, and I got an upgrade. The Executive Lounge is a lovely space. Staff were friendly and helpful. Good choice of nibbles in the evening, and drinks. Similarly breakfast is good.  The only drawback was checking out, and it wasn't the fault of the staff. Their patience was immense with someone pouring over their receipts, and another guest complaining about a website problem for around 30 minutes which it wasn't the receptionist's job to fix. Well done to them for dealing with it! I'd definitely return again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington ,I have been staying here in and off for business for info he last 10 years or so.  Hotel rooms really need a facelift. Bathrooms are very shabby  Great location for Westfield shopping and to get to tourist attractions.  Staff are always really lovely.  ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Hotel with a heart ,"We stayed 8 nights, Room No 5035, Twin Bedroom, November 2016. Plus points: 1. Very well connected location. Bus stops right outside the hotel, and just around the corner with buses to all major points in the city. A 5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush tube station and the British Rail-Shepherds Bush overground train station.  2. Very warm and helpful staff. I must make a special mention of the concierge staff (Tim, Ahmed and the team) and the breakfast service staff who were always so helpful.  3. Good sized room, very comfortable beds, well stocked bathroom and an excellent  shower. Free WiFi!  4. Full English breakfast, eggs to order and much more, a wide choice of food including vegan/gluten free items ! The hotel is so considerate that it keeps out some complimentary croissants…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor interior deco and rooms abit run down,"Location is average but lucky thing is near Westfield where Shepherd Bush Station is about 10 min walk. Stiff bed mattresses and the toilet tiles and bath tub had cracked and stained. For the pricing, it is better to choose other Hilton hotel location like Marble Arch which is of a better choice.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Remembrance Weekend,Visited on a very bust weekend.  Remembrance and rugby and other sporting occasion.  The hotel was very busy but the staff remained cheery and helpful hotel location very good.  Buses to major attractions right outside of within a couple of minutes walk along with underground.  Also Westfield Shopping a few minutes away which was ideal to pass a couple of hours and as the weather wasn't pleasant to stay dry! Breakfast was busy and only one toaster for loads of people.  Staff were on it though replenishing foods constantly. Would stay again if the price was reasonable but it's a typical busy city hotel not for relaxing. Served it's purpose. It is showing its age though.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Yet,"I'm actually embarrassed to admit that I've stayed here several times and each and every time had something off-putting about it, so I haven't even taken my own advice.  The front desk staff will promise anything and seldom deliver.  Upgraded room, yessir!  King size bed, yessum'!  We'll take care of it right now!  If you hear those phrases don't bet the farm on them being the truth.  The hotel is in a good location though.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average room at reasonable price.,"Room was clean. Mould on shower roof. Very tight room. Good location- 5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush tube station. Staff were OK- not overly friendly but not hostile. Overall, was a decent place to sleep for a few days.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,We have just come back from a lovely weekend away at the hotel. It was are first time staying here and it was by friends birthday this is why we went away for the weekend as it was my treat to her. As a treat because it was my friends birthday they gave us assess to the executive lounge. Which was amazing then when we got to are room 5084 which was lovely and clean. We then got a knock on the door and their was a lovely gentlemen stood their with a slices of cake with happy birthday written on it as another treat from the hotel. The whole weekend was fantastic everyone was so helpful. And the hotel really made my friends birthday a whole lot better. Would Defo stay again thank you so much for making are weekend amazing. We will see you soon again. People who say the hotel is…,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor food in the bar,"I was running a conference and found that the bar was unfriendly with poor service. One poor waiter was fun off his feet while others seemed under employed. It took 40 minutes to get half my meal and another 10 to get the chips. The bathroom was not too clean. The conference was fine, good food and nice support, but I did not enjoy my stay.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Okay Hilton, A Bit Removed.  Meh, But It Worked For Me","Nothing special with tiny rooms.  Traveling by myself, but I've been on cruise ships with cabins about this size.  Tiny bathroom.  Comfortable hotel, a 10 minute walk away from the Holland Park tube stop and about 5 minutes away from Shepard's Bush tube stop.  No benefits whatsoever for Hilton Gold members, not even the token two bottles of water!  Yes, they have a separate checkin line for HHonors member, but you'll be served quicker by standing on the regular line (same thing happened at the Hilton Metropole.)  Sometimes gold members get an upgrade or access to the Executive Lounge, but certainly not at this hotel.  Limited dining options near the Holland Park stop, but you'll find something to eat.  Hotel seemed to have a nice bar and dining options, but didn't sample.   …",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fab location is best thing about it,"We stayed here for one night to see Thomas Rhett at the O2 Shepherds Bush Empire. The location is hard to beat, just across from the Westfield London and the tube network, with Shepherds Bush itself having decent bars and restaurants, all within easy walking distance. Positives for the hotel include a pleasant lobby area, with a large bar area and a very good breakfast. We got a great rate for the hotel which included breakfast, so I would say  that it was a good value option. The hotel rooms are small. Modern decor, but not luxurious. The beds were on the hard side, which obviously some people would like. When we arrived, I could hear the person in the neighbouring room talking on his phone, and honestly could recite the conversation. It was that clear. We were in a room which…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Great service. Fantastic stay. Free concierge for our luggage, checked in early as 2 of ours room were ready. Easy check out, helpful staff. While some of us waited for some others in our party to return from the remembrance service we were brought complimentary tea and coffee by a very thoughtful member of staff (same gentleman that checked us out). There was also complimentary juice and pastries in the lobby if you were early enough. Rooms were lovely too. Will stay again. Xx",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,Disappointing - worn carpets and bathrooms.   Update in rooms needed.   As Hilton Honor members we are used to water in the rooms - none!   Internet code given as if we aren't members.  Breakfast buffet was really good though.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The question if value for money,"If you are looking for a big hotel this is the right one. Located near the Shepard bush tube station, you can connect easily to the required destination in London. But you have to wait for another 6 or 7 stations to reach Bond Street Station to change the line. Hotel is a little bit old and need some refurbishing. Clean, everything is working but is to old. Personnel is polite and willing to assist you any time. But the breakfast is limited . Not a expected variation for a Hilton hotel. But is a 4 star hotel, so you can expect more. Rooms are small.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Definitely worth a try,"Stayed one night on business. Efficient reception. 7th floor room with good view over rooftops, though sadly locked windows, so no natural air. Good size, well equipped. Bathroom had bath but quite pokey and shower a little tired. Very busy hotel for tourists and business in great location for Shepherds Bush, shopping and into West End. Tube and buses and cabs all on hand. For the price ( even without breakfast - plenty of good options nearby) I thought this was a good choice and would use again.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Stayed for 2 nights. Fabulous breakfast to set you up for the day. Next to Shepherds bush tube station so great for access to the city. Rooms are a bit on the small size but I always find this the case in London. Next to Westfield shopping centre where we parked for £8 a day as opposed to £35 a day at the hotel! ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,SAVE WATER,"The hotel is located in an excellent location, central and easy access. The staff is welcoming. Maid service was too good. One is asked to ( if desired) reuse the towels, as everywhere in the world, which I agree with. However, towels left on the rack, were changed daily. Pointless and not environmentally friendly. The bar staff could have been a little more awake, otherwise very friendly. Nevertheless, would return as value for money, location and amenities are very good.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,average value for money,the hotel is located app. 10 - 15 min by central line from the city center. it has nothing special and the interior is a bit left from the 80's or 90's and needs renovation. All in all it provides OK value for the price. Probably better as a business trip hotel.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired old hotel,"Nothing seems to work properly here. The TV did not work, the room service menu in the room is outdated with half the items no longer available. The shower has poor water pressure and the nozzle squirts everywhere. There is one advantage, the hotel is close to Westfield shopping mall but that is all.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not my favourite Hilton,"The Hotel is in a slightly out of the way location in the sense that it isn't particularly handy for either the West End, the museums or the city for that matter.  The hotel itself by appearance is pretty unappealing to look at from the outside.  Inside the lobby it is pretty much standard corporate fare.  Check-in was perfectly fine and the room was typical Hilton in the sense that it was clean, practical and perfectly functional.  The Hilton lounge was pretty crowded and not very relaxing.  Went looking for dinner and the only dining option was the bar and meals being served to your table. Took  a seat as requested and waited for well over five minutes and having not received even a menu, decided to explore options in the immediate neighbourhood.  Walked over to Shepherd's…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton London Kensington, Business Trip","Stayed at Hilton London Kensington for 3 nights. The stay was really good. The hotel is 5 minutes walk to Shepherd's Bush station and Wetfield Shopping Mall. Next to station are different restaurants KFC, Mc Donalds, Starbucks and 2 halal restaurants as well. The breakfast was lavish with wide variety. Rooms were clean. Staff was very helpful Overall experience was great.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with easy access to London,This hotel is so much better than other London hotels I have stayed in. It is spacious with a good restaurant and bar area. The rooms are very clean and comfortable with a decent king size bed. It is within 2 minutes walk of Shepherds Bush tube station which can have you in the heart of London within 10 minutes. The buffet breakfast was plentiful with a choice to suit all tastes. The staff were all very friendly and professional. Sadly didn't have time to check out the health club on site. Certainly a hotel I would return to for a London break. ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,The hotel is in a great location with Westfield only a minutes walk. The rooms are small but beds are very comfortable.  All staff I encountered were very friendly and accommodating.  Overall I would recommend this hotel. ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, good location near tube station, restaurants and shopping","Stayed for just one night with friends. Easy to find from Shepherds Bush tube, just a few minutes walk. Friendly staff throughout the hotel, quick check in. Usual Hilton style room, twin beds, nice bedding, very comforable. Nice bar area, had drinks before going out into Kensington. Great breakfast, massive amount of choice, good quality ingredients. Overall a comfortable stay, would recommend to anyone wanting to stay in Kensington.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good weekend,We enjoyed our Tesco reward weekend. We have stayed here with Tesco rewards previously. The hotel had everything we required. No frills but all that we needed. Excellent location for Westfield shopping centre at Shepherds Bush.  ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor Show Hilton,"Stayed here last night and attended a function in one of their rooms.   Starting with the positives, hotel is conveniently located across from Westfield shopping and just a few minutes walk from Shepherds Bush tube station. Check in was quick and simple.   Room was typical size for London and bathroom only had a shower. Room was clean with the exception of the bathroom with urine spots on the toilet seat and an absolutely filthy shower door. How this could be missed from either the cleaner or supervisor checking the room is beyond me and the grime was to the extent that it had clearly been building up for a while.   Went to the lobby bar for some hot drinks and attempted to order some cakes. Firstly told hey didn't have cakes then we were able to order the ""selection of cakes""…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Ideal location for tourist or central London business work Excellent service and very polite and helpful staff. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Great breakfast and amazing selection of good quality food. The same in the bar - though a bit expensive but that's London!,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No free wifi !!!!! , It was a satisfactory stay. The room was small but very nice. The check in was quick and easy and the staff were excellent.  However I cannot believe in this day age wifi has to be paid for  £12.95 for 24 hours usage. That is very poor Hilton - ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Osama,It's a very good hotel  Room is clean and well maintained  Location is very close to the west filed mall which is very convenient  For shopping and all deferent type of restaurants are available  Transportation : the bus station next to the entrance of the hotel  Underground station of shepherd's bush is 400m from the hotel  House keeping staff are outstanding  I recommend this hotel for everyone  I enjoy my stays very much ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointing,"The sink in the toilet was leaking, but we decided to overlook it since it was only a night's stay. The check in process was alright, but the check out process was a disaster! It was simply horrible and we had to wait a long time to check out. If you expect a lot of people to check out at approximately the same time shouldn't you have more counters open?? Also there needs to be a proper line system for queuing! ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,somewhere between good and excellent ,"I have stayed here several times, usually for pleasure with my wife, but most recently on business and only because my preferred hotel was fully booked. Apart from fact that rooms are a little small (but probably slightly above average for london) and reception seems more geared to tourists than business travellers so my hilton diamond status kindof went unnoticed either because they can't do an upgrade or don't train their staff correctly....or both. It would just be better to say sorry ""no room upgrade"".....it's a common issue to be honest and can only assume it's because of high turnover in staff. Anyway, apart from that the hotel is in a good central location just a few minutes from the city centre by tube (and their are two central line stations within a few minutes walk)…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Kensington Hilton, Holland Park, London W11","Good residential neighborhood location(Holland Park); bus service outside hotel and short walk to Shepherd's Bush bus station and tube/overgound trains. Central line tube convenient to west end, Covent Garden, etc... Rates are attractive, but rooms tend to be quite small, though up to date.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Room for improvement,"Friendly staff in general, slow check in, be sure to arrive early for breakfast to avoid a long line. Fairly cramped breakfast lounge, and understaffed. Great location, friendly and helpful concierge. Small rooms, poor bathrooms, (rot and mold) see photos. Not quite up to Hilton standards.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An oasis of rest in central London,This hotel offers the best in accommodation and 'non-invasive'care and service. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Food is excellent whether you want a full meal or to be tempted with a selection of lighter 'nibbles'. Staff are friendly and efficient and seem happy in their work.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, business style hotel","I cannot remember how many times I have been staying there so far. It is conveniently located right by the oxford tube bus stop, and is a good place to base whenever visiting London. The price is always not too bad all year round. Lounge is great, although food is basically none existing, alcohols are surprisingly quite abundant. This hotel does get filled up with tourist groups and the service is sometimes not quite reliable everytime.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Three star accommodation plus five star service equals a nice hotel,"Ok, the rooms are small. We were ""upgraded"" to an Executive Twin; the very thought makes me shudder. We had a room that was, perhaps, 200 square feet with no view - what on earth would the standard twin have been? The room aside, the hotel could NOT have been more appealing. The staff -- to a person -- were friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and courteous.  The location is ideal. The property is away from the tourist madness of Westminster, but still very accessible (five minute walk from Shepherd's Bush or Holland Park Tube, about ten minutes from Notting Hill) The Westfield Mall at Shepherd's Bush has everything. My son perused the Lego Store as well as the Five Guys Burger joint. Across the street from the mall is another shopping area with a large supermarket and a number of…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel.,I was staying at the Hilton Kensington while my husbands cousins were visiting London and we decided to stay at the same hotel as them just to spend some time with them. I am a HH Silver member and  I have normally had great experiences at the Hilton hotels. Hilton Kensington was no different. The rooms were modern and the location is great – it is so easy to get anywhere in Central London from here. I really enjoyed my stay very much and will definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good hotel at a reasonable price in London.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,All good,Good location 10min from central line. Spacious lobby and restaurant. Good for meetings.  Rooms old but clean and functional. Bathrooms could you use some upgrades.  All in all exactly what you can expect from a middle class business hotel. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mid Term Break,"Great location, close to all transport links, excellent shopping and restaurants within five minutes walk at Westfield. The Original Tour bus stops outside hotel - tickets available at reception - great for sightseeing. Friendly helpful staff. Really enjoyed our mini break - would definitely return.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"I won't lie. I got a great rate and booked immediately. It wasn't until afterwards that I read the reviews on here and I was a little apprehensive. I needn't have been.  Yes the building is tired and dated - it would be if it's been there for years! Taking into consideration the fact that this isn't a brand new building; the rooms, corridors, lobby etc were all well maintained and pretty fresh looking.   My room, 3024, was a decent sized standard twin with optional mini bar. Comfy bed, decent chair, plenty of sockets and a decent view onto Holland Park Avenue. (If you're an extremely light sleeper you can hear the traffic outside til late then again early in the morning but this didn't affect me). Plenty of towels in the bathroom - my pet hate is not enough towels - and a nice…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Luxurious establishment.,"This was very nice and luxurious. We loved it here the service was great the rooms very nice and the restaurant fantastic. People and staff very polite, they organised tours and car rentals and everything.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could do with a makeover ,Visited in October for short break. Hotels proximity to transportation links very much a plus point as was the buffet breakfast. The rooms whilst clean and tidy are a little tired but all in all good value ...,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location","I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for the second night of my stay in London. I arrived pretty early to check in and I knew that I wasn't able to get a room but the staff (I can't remember the ladies name checking me in but she was super friendly) at the check in desk were helpful, checked me in, got all my paper work done and stored my bag until I arrived back later.  The room was well appointed, shower had NO water pressure which was a down point.  The Hilton is located right around the corner from the Westfield shopping centre which was handy.   I was happy with my stay at the Hilton. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful neighborhood,"Visited in early August 2016.  Our second time at this bargain location.  The hotel-arranged transportation from Heathrow was botched, but after expressing our concern how this service turned out, the transfer was gratis.  Kudos to the staff member who made this decision.  As with practically all hotels, the room coffee was dreadful.  We didn't have breakfast on property.  Seemed a bit pricey.  There are several wonderful breakfast stops (e.g. Patisserie Valerie) along the way to walking to the newly reopened, renovated Holland Park tube station.  We noticed that some tube maps still had it as being closed.  Back to the hotel:  Time to refresh decor.  Reasonably clean.  Pleasant staff. Bus stop steps away from front door.  Used the bus then the tube to get back to Heathrow. …",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great location,"We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights, we did not have breakfast included, however the hotel offers free juice and pastry in the morning. The lobby bar has a good vibe and great service and drinks. The staff at the hotel are welcoming and very service minded. The only complaint that I have is that we were give a room that shared a door with a neighbouring room and it was very loud, so we were woken up early 4 out of 5 nights, which is not nice when you are on holiday. Also for the 5 nights we stayed it did not appear that they changed the linen on the bed, but we were give fresh towels every day. The hotel is in a great location right by sherperds bush overground and on the central line underground. As well as right next to westfield sheperds bush with great shops and restaurants.…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant surprise,"Read some negative reviews on here prior to trip, but was very pleasantly surprised. Thought the rate was reasonable by London standards. Clean room, efficient check in, friendly staff, good amenities and great location. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed in executive lounge,What has happened?-executive lounge offerings not a patch on last year!-afternoon tea one measly slice of cake and that's it!-no sandwiches or choice-come on Hilton you expect us to pay the same prices for less STOP COST CUTTING!-,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"We were 10 days in hilton kensington hotel. It was amazing! The room was big, very clean. Close to subway and buses outside the hotel. Huge mall, restaurant and shops near the hotel. The staff in the concierge was extraordinary. They helped us with everything we needed. Especially Anthony and Rashid. We are very pleased and thankfull for a great vacation!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location and great value","I booked this hotel by accident as thought it was another Hilton, but what a fantastic mistake !  Fab location on Holland Park road,  about 5 mins walk from Shepherds bush underground which has easy access to all the main attractions in London. Westfield shopping centre is next door to the underground which is every shoppers dream! Great rates at the hotel, all areas of the hotel including the rooms were nicely decorated, clean and tidy, and the staff were friendly as well. The team at breakfast couldn't do enough for you, all of them and breakfast itself wow so much to choose from and all delicious! will definitely return here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Staff,"The hotel is in a good location and near to underground stations. Whilst the rooms are slightly dated what really made this stay good was the staff. From start to finish the staff at this hotel were top drawer.   Good location, Good value, Great Staff.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We had 3 rooms, all next door to each other. They are quite small but had everything we needed. We stayed 3 nights and had an excellent breakfast every morning. The Westfield Shopping centre is just across the road and we used the buses to get all over London",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton London Kensington 22-27Oct16,"Great and comfortable stay at Hilton London Kensington. Room was a little small and cramped but very clean. We like the close proximity of the bus stops outside the hotel, which provided easy access to various famous locations (example: Kensington Palace and Park, Buckingham Palace, Hype Park, Chelsea Stadium.  The hotel also has a car rental company ""SIXT"" inside, so it was very convenient for us to rent a car to go out of London on 27Oct. We are very pleased with the hotel and car rental and our London experience.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value and Location,Stayed here for two nights at the end of October. Hotel is located at the end of Holland Park road. Around a few minutes walk to Shepard bush tube station. The hotel is also served by bus 94 which literally picks you up and drops you off at the door. This usually takes 40 minutes to get to Piccadilly Circus passing Marble Arch and Hyde park.   Close by is also Westfield shopping centre with every shop you can imagine.  Front foyer and reception area has been refurbished and quite modern. Plenty space and open lounge bar.  We stayed in a standard double room. Room was a good size and certainly clean with all the usual Hilton amenities. I would however say rooms are looking tired and could do with a re vamp especially the bathrooms.   Breakfast U thought was great and the…,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,well managed and great experience.,"clean rooms,  central location yet very quite.  staff are friendly.  food can be better. they were helpful to keep my extra luggage (at a small charge of course ) but very convenient and straight forward to deal with them.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Always a pleasure,"If there's a comfort, clean, close to city center, well organized and with kind staff hotel, this is the Hilton Kensington in Holland Park ave, London. I regularly stay at this hotel, breakfast is very good with wide choice, rooms clean and spacious with all necessary features and good free wi-fi. Staff very professional and always keen to help. Besides, Westfield center for after work shopping is only 3 minutes walking away. Reccomended! ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"The hotel is place beautifully in Kensington near the Westfield Mall and with quick access to the Underground. Quiet, safe and cozy. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room I stayed in was clean and comfortable. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tiny rooms, hard beds but lovely service","A dated hotel in a very good location. Public transport in front of the hotel. Great shopping, food and entertainment in walking distance.   The rooms are so tiny that all you can do in your room is to stand up or to lay down. The latter however is a problem too. The beds are so hard that I got back pain after sleeping in them for 9 nights. This hotel urgently need an update.  There is one category in which the hotel excels though. It's the service. From the moment you enter everybody is super friendly and helpful.  As Hilton Gold I had access to the Executive Lounge, which was a big plus.   We got in after 10PM and went straight to the lounge to get something to drink. On entering the lounge we were told that they already finished serving drinks. Seeing that we just arrived the…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Definitely recommended ,"Really enjoyed our stay in the Hilton London Kensington. The room was a good size for two singles sharing. The room was extremely tidy and the beds were very comfortable. Stayed on the first floor and was skeptical about noises from the nearby  roads but we managed to fall asleep very easily on all nights. The hotels location is very convenient, the Westfield shopping centre and Shepard's bush tube station are only a short walk from the hotel. The staff were amazing and will do their utmost for you. The food in the bar was very nice, however the drink can be pricy as you'd expect with a hotel bar. Overall a lovely stay with no fault whatsoever. Looking forward to returning in the near future !",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two night stay / Executive Room - rooms need updating,"This was a leisure break with my partner, but the first time at this hotel. We had previously stayed at the Hilton Metropole in London.  The arrival and check in process was efficient and courteous. Our room was ready and my request for a quiet room was met without problems .  We were directed to a sixth floor room.  Unfortunately the room itself was rather disappointing.  I stay in a lot of hotels on an annual basis and for an executive level room it left a lot to be desired.  The decor was rather tired, lampshades stained and rather scratched up work / desk tops.  The room was also rather hot, and reception advised that it is normal policy to set the AC to ""winter"" mode in October (where it presumably becomes a heating system).  This seemed odd - why you can't have a full…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Just stayed at this hotel for two days with friends. It is excellently placed for both bus and Underground into London. There are lots of eating places in Shepherd's Bush. The hotel  breakfast was excellent. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Experience ,"We're checking out tomorrow but wanted to write before we forget. A very good hotel. Front desk staff was gracious and helpful. Bellman and concierge could not be faulted. As London hotels go, the rooms here are very spacious. Good bathroom, good heavy towels. A/C had Been turned off already but they got a fan to us within 30 min of the request. Breakfast was one of the best we've had (and there have been many) but the traffic flow could be improved. Willing to overlook that for the very excellent Coffee. Computers & printers in the lobby an asset. Housekeeping very good. A hard-working staff but always cheerful. And we Got a very good rate.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect couple getaway,"My partner and I booked to stay at this hotel with Superbreak as we had a joint hotel and theatre package. We booked a Double Room Only. We arrived at the hotel on Wednesday 26th October, check in was relatively easy and straight-forward; staff were really friendly and even offered to take our bags, greeting us with a ""have a lovely stay"". We opened the door to our lovely hotel room; it was really neat and tidy and it was clear there was a lot of storage space for all of our stuff. There was a dressing table with an alarm clock, phone, desk lamp and guest booklet that listed the information about the hotel. The bathroom offered us a selection of wash products - shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and flannels. There was also a minibar which we guessed you had to pay for as we…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First Nights In London,"Its a large hotel in west London, with easy access to the centre by bus or tube.  Rooms were a bit old but not too bad. Two problems though. Firstly the A/C tried to work but almost no at air at all came out. Secondly, they seem to have very weak vacuum cleaners as if you run your foot across the floor you can accumulate tufts of human hair. Not nice at all.  If I were going back I would check the room first and be sure everything was clean and worked. Get a room facing in to be quieter.  Other than that, a good hotel for the price.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"My family and I stayed here for 1 night in August and overall the hotel was very good. Upon arrival, the staff were kind and helpful and were putting extra efforts in to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. The room was excellent, with nice decorations and a moderate sized bathroom. However, the only downfall was that the room was quite small, and there wasn't a generous amount of space to move around. Other than that, the rest was good and we slept well in the beds. At breakfast, there was a wide variety of different foods to choose from and the restaurant was a very nice dining environment. Prices were not overly expensive and the surrounding area was very grand, as well as convenient as Holland Park tube station is only a few minutes walk away. I would definitely recommend…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service but ...,"The staff was extremely helpful but the hotel needs renovation. Efforts have been made but since it was not done thoroughly so it gives a bad overall expression, for ex new tiles in bathroom but old mouldy doorframe, new wallpaper but old carpet. No ambiance at all but good location.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"We are on a European Whirl Tour and were very fortunate to be staying at this hotel. Most of the tour were reserved at the Thistle Euston and they were not satisfied. The Hilton was clean, staff was attentive. We ate breakfast that was included with the stay and everything was fresh and well prepared. We ate dinner on the second night in the hotel and my bacon, cheeseburger was delicious. The room was bright, clean and air conditioned. Bathroom was stocked with shower cap, hair dryer, shampoo and conditioner and body lotion. Overall we were very comfortable and would highly recommend. If you take the Underground the stop is Shepherd's Bush on the Central Line. We took this from Westminster station and was quite convenient and speedy.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hotel fine, a few blips","We stayed here for 1 night on arrival in Enland & 3 nights prior to departure. We were in a jr suite both times. The 1st time we were in a smaller suite on floor one. The rooms were clean & bed very comfortable. There was no noise from outside the room. Stay 2, larger Jr. Suite with 2 bathrooms, daughter sleeping on sofa bed in lounge room, so this was a bonus. Again all parts of suite clean, beds, as always, comfortable.  The air conditioner switch did not work at all, I left window open. Weather was cool, worked out well. I would not have managed in summer though. I had to have the maintenance person show me how to get sound on tv. Both stays my tv had to be turned on not by tv button but a number on remote. Something about how they were programmed. I've stayed at this hotel…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A short stay.,"We have just spent 2 nights here, I was very impressed by the staff and their attitude towards customers. The hotel itself is very comfortable and clean. We were lucky to have use of the Executive Club, found this very useful. Quite enjoyed the complimentary drinks and canope's on the evening. The positioning is good too, very close to the Tube Station and Westfield Shopping Centre, spoilt for choice with restaurants etc..",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfort, Convenient, Cozy","I made the trip from New Jersey to watch the NY Giants and LA Rams play and this hotel surprised me from the beginning. It's situated in the middle of the block and the outside is in need of some serious curb appeal. It looks old, the bricks have a dirty/dingy look and nothing is shiny, however!! once inside, it's actually the opposite. It's very clean, nice and shiny. The Lobby provides a little hangout area in addition to 6 computers and 1 printer, there is a restaurant on site that I never stepped foot in and there is a bar lounge that I utilized twice during my five day stay.(10/20-10/25) There is also a convenience store on site. It's about a 5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush station which is also next to the Westfield Mall. (Plenty nice restaurants and stores) The bus stop…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Stayed at the Hilton Kensington for a couple of nights as we were in London to celebrate my birthday and do a bit of shopping.  Very handily placed for Westfield which is a whole other experience!  Hotel room was a bit snug for three people, not my idea of a family room, but it served its purpose.  Bathroom needs freshening up, but was clean. I would most definitely stay again.  We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel choosing to go to Bills at Westfield (certainly easier on the purse), but did have some room service in the evening which, after a small fiasco in finding out what the in room menu was, was fine.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired hotel, needs a refurbishment","Dirty carpets, non functioning air-con, no hot water, wardrobe damaged, terrible ambiance looking out on pipework. Not given the room reserved on the on line check in system. Overall below standard stay",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday visit,Room and service very good staff helpful and smart.Only issue which is probably a personal one but as do not normally have anyway was cost of breakfasts and in hotel food very expensive.Overall though a very good experience.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shame about some of the guests but the hotel was amazing. ,"Firstly I want to say that this is a new experience for me and my partner, we've never stayed in a Hilton before but we wanted to treat ourselves so we saved up to stay here.   The staff are fantastic, really helpful and super polite. The room itself was very clean, bed was comfy and it's very modern. The rooms are quite small but still great.  We had to eat in our room as we got back quite late every night but the food was still good. Breakfast had plenty of options to choose from as well.  The hotel is in a great location, it's a 3 minute walk to the tube and the overground, so it's perfectly connected to get around the city.   My only complaint isn't with the hotel or it's fantastic staff, it is with behaviour with some of the other guests.  It seems that just a simple please…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient hotel,"Well located, five minutes walk from Shepherds Bush stations. Rooms small but adequate for a two night stay when all you need is a bed and shower.  The shower room quite small but perfectly functional. Thought the food and drink prices very expensive, but this is London.  Within five minutes walk you have a vast choice of places to get food, not least a Weatherspoons for food and affordable drinks.  Excellent shopping and restaurants in the Westfield mall again within a very short walk.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"The Hilton Kensington continuously provides excellent accommodation, courteous staff and perfect service. The location is ideal for shopping or business. The concierge can always be depended on to get theater tickets when none seem to be available. I highly recommend this hotel as a great value proposition",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London stay,"Three days in London. Have stayed in this hotel before so no surprises. Staff really helpful and rooms clean. Easy transport links into the centre of the city with buses, the underground and the overground on the doorstep. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing service, very good location","Good location, amazing breakfast, friendly staff and also a gym. Room was clean and not too small. Very good for a 4 star hotel in central London. Will definitively book here for my next business trip. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location aging hilton,"we stayed for only one sunday night at the kensington hilton. early check in and late checkout as hh diamond was great benefit, also nice exec. lounge with hot snacks during happy hour. but honestly the hotel is outdated and needs refurbsihment very soon. the gym is located in the basement, us hotel style (freezy air condition, no window just a room with gym equippment.) the so called sauna is also a tiny room with shared changing room next door. no place to relax after sauna or gym.the rooms are tiny but ok but the bathroom is a shame, back to the 80. the bus towards picadilly circus starts outside the door, hide park is a 10 min stroll by feet. so its all about the location.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Royal Albert Hall visit,"We found the stay comfortable and an excellent experience.  The quality of the room overall was very good.  We could have nit-picked but for one night it was outstanding.  Clean and comfortable, providing us with a very good night sleep.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, lovely staff but tired rooms ","Stayed here for a change while at an event at Olympia  after staying off High Street Kensington for the past 2 years while visiting the same event.  The location is great, so close to Westfield with so much choice of places to eat.  All the staff I came across were all very polite and helpful.  As with other reviews the rooms are tired and need updating. I did feel my room was small but as it was single occupancy I could have been allocated a smaller room.  Didn't experience the breakfast as didn't feel we needed it. There is a Wetherspoons at West 12 shopping centre about 5 mins down the road and numerous coffee shops.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Left feeling tired ,"First off this hotel is in a good, convenient location. Staff are friendly and the breakfasts are of good standard. However the room we had was ok (ish). It was very warm on both nights so we had to have the window open, as the air con / thermostat did not work. Our room was on the side of the building so from that position there was a lot of traffic noise. The bed was high off the floor and also had a very hard mattress. Both these elements made it very difficult to sleep even though we were out both days and feeling shattered when we got back late.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly for a London chain hotel,Stayed here after taking in a show with my wife. Had expected it to be quite impersonal but actually the staff were very nice and the bar actually had reasonable atmosphere. The room was not large but fine and the food at breakfast was good.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London,"The hotel is well situated - just a short walk from Shepherds Bush station and a number 94 bus right outside the hotel to take you into the heart of the city. Although the hotel requires a little refreshing the staff are so friendly and helpful it made our stay very comfortable so we were disappointed that we hadn't booked for longer. The rooms are more than adequate and we had a hearty breakfast before we headed out for the day to explore. A new, very modern Westfield shopping centre is right by the station where you can shop or find great places to eat. There is a Tesco up the road for supplies you might require and some lovely cafes and restaurants all around. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone considering staying in London. We were very lucky to score a…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not bad but a few faults,"I swayed between giving a 3/4 rating but eventually decided that 4 was fairer.  Pros: - great location; close to Westfield Mall with it's shops and restaurants and to the interesting Holland Park area which was lovely to walk around - shared areas were clean, looked great and staff were friendly - the room, while small, was fine for our purposes and we hardly spent any time in it anyway  - empty fridge in room meant that we could store our own drinks - complementary toiletries were good quality  - our room overlooked the middle of the hotel and we had no noise either from the street or the hotel  Cons: - our twin beds were very noisy to sleep on, creaking noisily for no real reason; luckily we were so tired we slept anyway! - breakfast, while tasty was very expensive at £19.50…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton in name only...,"We were looking for a place to stay for a 10 day honeymoon in London and stumbled upon the Hilton Kensington while browsing online.  We could tell by the pictures that the building was a bit older and not historic but we've stayed at plenty of Hilton hotels in the past and have never been disappointed.   The Positives:  The Staff - The staff were tremendously helpful.  We arrived at 10:30 with a 3:00 check in time and they hurriedly readied our room so we could rest from our trip.  The Price - This hotel is very reasonably priced and in a desirable area.  The Negatives:  The Room - The room is incredibly small.  Most of our luggage ended up on the floor and stuffed under the desk as there isn't adequate storage for two people on a 10 day holiday.  As another reviewer stated, …",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great price and good location.,"We stayed at the Kensington Hilton as Hilton Honors members and it was perfect.  The hotel is very clean and the staff is helpful and friendly.  Our room was typical for a European double standard room, but it was great.  Location was also great it was out a little which afforded a better price on the room, but the tube station was a 5 minute walk and a 20 minute ride into the old city of London or the British Museum.  Good location.  It is also closed to one of the biggest malls we had ever been to with many great restaurants.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag,"I've stayed here a few times and overall I would stay again.   On the plus side it can be very quiet, which is always good. Also, it has a really good breakfast buffet with an excellent choice. You are also about 2 minutes from Shepherds Bush tube and the the Westfield Shopping Centre.  I agree it is getting a bit tired, the rooms are small, it isn't central. Personally these aren't a massive issue.  Finally, on my last visit all the staff I met were very friendly.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"Reasonably priced city hotel, stayed for 2 nights, has all you need for a business or sight seeing trip to the capitol. Would happily recommend and would definitely use again. Has a proper hotel feel with huge foyer, front desk, concierge etc. Spacious, comfortable bar area with food available all day. Book B&B if you intend to have breakfast, if you decide on impulse it costs far more! Well placed for Kensington and a short walk to Notting Hill.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good quality hotel with excellent staff.,"I have stayed at this hotel on many occasions over a number of years. It is conveniently located. The staff are courteous, helpful and responsive to one's needs. Access to the Executive Lounge is an added bonus for those times when one get's back to the hotel during the afternoon before heading out for the evening. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Plenty shabby but sadly not very much chic!,"First time at this hotel and it was a mixed bag. Check-in was very impersonal and certainly did not feel valued as a guest let alone as a Hilton HH member, had to ask more than I was told. The hotel apart from some of the public areas are very tired. My room was tiny, poorly maintained with shabby fixtures and fittings.The bed was too big for the already small room which was dusty and the attachment for the shower head was broken oh and no bath give us the courtesy of advising this! General standards poor, bits of paper on doors stating that they are non-smoking. Woke up by housekeeping staff shouting outside my room and moving their noisy, squeaky trolleys along the corridor. Breakfast sadly was not very good, lots of items ran out and no sense of urgency from the staff. Lack…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,'Could do better',"I stayed here exactly a year ago and my overall rating was 3. I desperately wanted to give this hotel a higher rating this time but alas, there were some failings during check-in that could only justify another average rating  ( I was not given the room type specified in my pre-paid booking, not the end of the world and they quickly corrected this, but did entail alot of flaffing about which is perhaps something one can do without)  On the positive side, very friendly and helpful staff in the executive lounge when you could find someone and as before, only stones throw away from Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush tube station, which is the only reason for my return visit Would I stay here again? Probably yes, and I sincerely hope that I can give a higher rating next…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for shopping,Ask the concierge for bus numbers to all the attractions and shopping.Much easier then the tubes. We caught the bus to Kensington and West end as well as Hammersmith. Try and eat over at Westfield as they have a vast array of restaurants and avoid dining in the hotel where the menu is very basic and overpriced.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired looking and small rooms. Wifi sucks too.,"Rooms are small, and tired looking. Wifi in room costs ~$20 day and reliability is poor. Parking costs ~$30 day. Just another average Hilton, nothing special. Location handy for west London.   Won't be returning.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, nice area","We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, also very knowledgeable about London. The hotel is clean and quiet. It is located in a nice area, close to many restaurants, stores and the underground train.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location for bus, shopping, excursions","Rooms are very nice, clean and comfortable, a bit small if your used to Canadian standards. All rooms come with a fridge, coffee maker and the usual amenities associated with the Hilton. Staff are very courteous. Breakfast buffet is amazing.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below Par,"Overall an older property, with dated interior, and bathroom fittings that don't work properly. Needs better management also. Changed rooms during stay, forget undershirt/vest in old room. Was never alerted if it was ever found, Ideally, should have been forwarded to new room, or at least front desk should have been informed. Guess they thought I had checked out, and probably gave it to their lost and found, whereas I had simply moved to another room.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Staff and location,We stayed recently for 6 nights. We regularly made use of the concierge's knowledge of how to get around and found it to be accurate and easy to understand. The room was basic but clean.  It had plenty of tea and coffee in the room. Fridge was very welcome. Only drawback was lack of choice for food onsite. Only breakfast served in restaurant and a limited menu at the bar in the evening.  Loved the free pastries and juices available at the lift foyer every day. Shepherds Bush was a hub of activity for buses and underground plus a huge range of restaurants and shopping all across the road from the hotel. Easy access to all areas of London. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Attended a meeting at this hotel so I was given a very good rate considering that London is generally expensive.  Excellent location - roughly a 2-5 minute walk from the Sheperd's Bush underground and overground stations.  In the opposite direction is the Holland Park station.  A quiet part of town.  Short drive from Paddington Station. Can walk to Notting Hill.  Nothing remarkable about my room, but it was clean and comfortable.  Strange musty smell in the hallway though and, for the entire duration of my stay, it took housekeeping forever to service my room.  Difficult to control the A/C in the room.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,my visit,Excellent hotel especially the Executive Lounge. Very friendly and helpful staff throughout the hotel. Good location very short walk to underground station and Westfield shopping centre and excellent bus service right outside the hotel. Have stayed for several years now on leisure breaks and always had a very enjoyable stay.  ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Smart and efficient,"This is a large and smart hotel, convenient for West London. Check-in was swift and friendly. The room was well furnished, clean and had all the kit that one would need including a good shower room. The bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was enjoyable - plenty of choices at the buffet and well organised.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location... but the hotel is sooo tired and exhausted - it needs a complete refurb,"This hotel is located really close to the Westfield shopping centre and subsequently the central line tube.  Access is easy and while it's not in the heart of Kensington, it's simple enough to find and even park up in (underground secure car park).  However, the actual hotel is very tired and old.  It needs a complete refurbishment. The bedrooms are very basic... dirty carpets in corners... furniture that's old and more ""hostel"" than ""hotel"".  Beds are a little uncomfortable and it just lacks any charm.  Staff and the team there are okay, they help with a smile - but I can't imagine that it's that great to work there.  I've stayed there for business a few times and but only recently went back after a couple of years and when I compare it to other hotels, this is clearly worse…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Squeaky beds.,We loved the area that this hotel is in. The breakfast was very good.  The staff were friendly and very helpful.  The only complaint that we would have is that the beds (two twin beds) were uncomfortable and squeaky.  I have never slept in a bed that squeaked every time you moved a muscle.  I strongly suggest that the beds are checked and the offending ones are replaced.  Hilton hotels should have better beds.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"My wife and I returned last week from a week's stay in London , England. I have looked at hundreds of reviews prior to this trip and I don't think I have ever had a more accurate portrayal of a hotel before. everything I had read about this hotel was basically true. It is a middle of the road hotel which has seen better days, but if you're like us, many more things are important to us than the Decor of a hotel. It was clean and had a nice tv and a comfortable bed. I would probably choose this hotel again for the location. It is a short walk across the street to Westfield Mall, one of the largest malls in Europe. We went there almost everyday, mostly for the abundance of places to eat, either at restaurants surrounding the mall or at the varied and large food court inside. Try…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Avoid tiny old beds with terrible services ,"The single bed in a small guest room was extremely tiny with nothing but an old side table. There was really nothing (not even a single bottle of water) inside the room.   I felt ripped off by this hotel when I checked my credit card bill after staying two days.   After reaching the hotel out via the travel agency, I found out that they charged me with bottles of water inside the room.   I had to spend sometime explaining that there was nothing but tiny single beds inside the smelly old small room in a remote area. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,"The hotel is exactly what you would expect from a large hotel within the Hilton chain. The room was reasonably spacious for a London hotel although a little dated and the bathroom could do with refurbishing.  The beds (twin singles) were actually very comfortable.  The bar/lounge area is somewhat soulless.  The best thing of all was the staff, who were very helpful, very friendly and a pleasure to deal with.  Overall if you want a reasonable priced hotel in London with easy access to the West End and Westfield Shopping Centre then this is a good choice.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location to explore london,"The Hilton at Kensington is a brilliant location to explore London as it sits right on the central line tube. This makes it so easy with the purchase of an Oyster card to discover London. the staff at the Hilton were accommodating as we were slightly early for check in as we had an early flight and they allowed us to check in and rest before embarking on our day. We went to the Harry potter experience in Watford which was a bit of a trek but so enjoyable upon arrival back to the hotel late that evening we wanted to experience some of the London nightlife. We approached the concierge desk who unfortunately was gone home, another member of staff approached to ask if we needed assistance. He seemed uninformed about the London nightlife and told us it was too late to go anywhere so…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel and friendly staff,"The Hilton Kensington is a lovely modern hotel with good facilities, lovely rooms, and nice food and a great executive lounge.  All the staff I met during my stay were friendly and willing to help.  The food and drinks in the bar were great and breakfast was hot and fresh.    A great hotel and worth looking at if you are in the area.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quite ordinary.......,"I was looking forward to my stay here, it has a grand appearance but the rooms were very ordinary and the food also.  They could not cope well at breakfast, things were running out and not being replaced but reasonable for the cost of £14.00.  We ate in the bar and that was bland and ordinary and quite expensive, not good value for money",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"2nd Hilton this year, 2nd disappointment!","I am in this hotel as i write   - room 4094. Pretty shocked tbh. Luckily my company I work for paid for this for one night at £189. Is it worth that cost? - absolutely not especially when even staying as a guest you get charged £35 for parking overnigh on top that cost t! Shocking. Even more so when you then have to pay £13 for wi-fi on top of that so in total £237 for one night. !   Staff are awesome tbh and vey friendly which was nice. The corridor as i walked down to my room stank of smoke so either someone was smoking or these were ex smoke rooms. I got in my room and it did smell stale of ex smoke in my opinion. the carperts looked worn as per my pictures and certain standards for a room at the alledged wonderful Hilton brand were just not as i expected, it looked and felt…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Give this hotel a wide berth,Booked a room as we were going to rugby at Twickenham. Supposedly non-smoking rooms absolutely stank of cigarette smoke.  Moved from first deplorable room to another; only marginally better.  Room key didn't work.  Dreadful place.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good convenient hotel,Close to underground and convenient to bus (right at the entrance). In about 20 minutes one can get to Buckingham Palace. Excellent breakfast. Service is very good and the front concierge was very helpful. Will stay again,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best Executive Lounge for Value,"Have stayed on and off here. If you are staying in London, don't stay in central London and pay higher prices. This is also a great place if you are conducting business. They have a brilliant executive lounge. Food all day, drinks in the evening (even mixed drinks), great for meetings. They would even make ice tea for me. The staff and management is brilliant and I made a number of networking contacts in the executive lounge.   Close to the Central Line on the tube at Shepherd Bush or if you want a nice walk in the morning you go to the Nottingham Hill tube station in about 10 minutes. Buses stop right out front if you want to take a bus into central London and there is a Westfield mall down the street (five minute walk) so you don't have to deal with Oxford Circus.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,This hotel is just a couple of minute' s walk from Shepherds Bush tube station on the Central line. It is right by the Westfield Shopping Centre so is handily placed for shopping and dining.  My room was comfortable and spacious with good AC and a good Wi-Fi signal. The room and bathroom were both very clean.  Breakfast was excellent with a huge range of both hot and cold items.  Staff were helpful and friendly. Check in and check out we're both speedy and efficient.  I have stayed here many times and it has always been a pleasure.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Room service,We were extremely happy with the hotel and service from all the staff who we came in contact with and would certainly book at the hotel again.  Location was excellent for transport purposes into central London.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,Staff were very friendly and helpful!  Breakfast was excellent! A nice hotel close to Underground but worth the short trip from museums etc.  This was the best Hilton staff experience in my travels!  I would stay here again!,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend with daughter,"This hotel is in a prime location next to Shepherd's Bush shopping mall. The tube station is a 2 minute walk across the road as is the overground and bus stops. The room I stayed in was a junior suite which was also very good, very clean and was kept clean with room service everyday. The food in the executive lounge was excellent and the food was always kept stocked up. Was well looked after by hotel staff. Would highly recommend to anybody staying in London and would return again.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not good at all,"Rooms are extremely small, very expensive and not worth it. The hotel is not in a great location compared to many other hotels I've been to. The bed was not comfortable at all. When we checked in they didn't have us down for the two nights we booked for and had to show our conformation email. They also didn't have breakfast included which is shocking considering how expensive it was to stay in.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Execellent Staff,"The best thing about the hotel is the staff. They are all very professional and offer help and assistance when they notice it is needed, rather than waiting until being asked. They were also very friendly without being intrusive and seemed genuinely concerned that everyone enjoyed their stay. We had a room which was a good size and well insulated sound wise despite overlooking the main road. Unfortunately we couldn't shut the bathroom door as it didn't fit properly and looked damaged on the inside. This was not good due to having no privacy and I personally found it very annoying that it was basically broken. The hotel looked in some places as if it needed updating/refreshing.  We put out the card request for room service breakfast, but while we were waiting for it to be…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great breakfast,"If you don't know the area, getting to the parking lot is ambiguous. We drove around a few times but eventually dropped one of our party off to go in and ask how to get into the parking. Once we were parked ( spaces are very small even the larger ones so our SUV was like a sardine in a can) For 35 pounds a night I would expect to be able to park and open a door to get out. There is a fellow who was washing what we assumed were rental cars in the parking area which is below ground. He drove like a maniac, speeding and hitting the speed bumps without slowing down. This is a tight area and this type of behaviour is inexcusable and he should be reprimanded before he damages something or someone.  The rooms were small but clean and comfy. The housekeeping staff were friendly and…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small Room & Poor Wi-Fi,"The room was easily the worst part of this hotel stay. The room was tiny, basically the size of a shoe box. The bed was also incredibly small for two people, I believe it was a small full mattress. The carpet also appeared dirty and dingy in the room. In comparison to other Hiltons I have stayed at, this was easily the worst room I've stayed in and none have ever been this small and dreary. Additionally the HHonors wifi was wildly inconsistent with us frequently losing connection for hours at a time. I believe this may have been caused by our room being on the edge of the building, but I have no way to validate that claim. I do not believe I would ever stay at the Hilton Kensington again, despite my preference for Hilton hotels.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small rooms,Luckily was only there for one night. Check in officious. I was told they kindly upgraded me to a double room. Was glad I was on my own as it was a very small room. Did not eat there so no comment about food. Bed comfortable.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Concierge rude and not friendly,"Very busy hotel. Covenient to the bus and tube. Across the street a beautiful park. Front office personnel very friendly specially Cristina who was very helpful. Food at the restaurant was very good, service was ok, need training. First night my wife never got the food, we were only three and the waiter forgot to order her food. Concierge department with exception of Anthony was rude. Anthony very helpful and patient. Housekeeping was Ok. Our room wasn't clean well. We would return here because it is well located and convenient to London transportation.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,We stayed for six nights. The staff were great when I requested a room upgrade after the first night (previous reviews are correct ie: the cheaper rooms are tired and in serious need of refurbishing) We got a fab room on the sixth floor. What made it even better was paying the extra 30 pounds a day so we could use the executive room. You can have breakfast or just relax with drinks and nibbles throughout the day if you wish. It was my birthday on one of our days and I got back to our room to find a complimentary small bottle of wine and chocolate strawberries- so thoughtful. Would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Bad Room,"Very bad room 2094 First night AC not working room on back side near of Chimney Kitchen every day morning wakeup on cooking small   something very bad, first time i facing something like that with hotel brand like Hilton",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoying around Holland Park from Hilton,"Hotel is clean. There is an ATM machine in the ground floor. Breakfast has varieties. Location is perfect where bus stop is in front of the hotel. Near Notting hill and Westfield shopping mall. Heathrow airport is accessible by bus and underground. Walking to Holland park is just 6 minutes. The staff is friendly and helpful. Check in and out were in no time. First we got a narrow room at the end of the corridor, then we changed to a spacious room near the lift. Luggage storage is fine. Newspapers are free in the reception. Free wifi in rooms is not available. Very long corridor and far rooms from lift is hard for old people. The housekeeping service needs to be improved.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,Hotel is nicely situated. The room is nice and the TV has good variety. Internet is very bad. There is no restaurant in place besides for breakfast but i have been told they will open it up for other food too. Bar is nice. Service is very good and had issues fixed by eager to service associates of the hotel.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Only stay here if you can get a last minute type deal. It's well located but quite expensive for what you think get. On the plus sides the staff were good and the breakfast very nice On the downside is have had nicer standard rooms at a premier Inn They had no record of me booking breakfast even though it was only confirmation email and the parking was 25 pounds for 24 hours and the wi find 13 pounds for 24 hours Better deals elsewhere in would do think ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but good location and great breakfast,"Upon entering the hotel, it felt more like an airport.  The lobby was extremely busy and chaotic.  The staff at the front desk were very abrupt and lacked customer service skills.  In fact, one of the front desk assistants complained to me about how unhappy she was.  The rooms were tiny and in poor condition (marked furniture, torn carpet) and the bathroom was aged and very small.  We asked for an extra bed for our daughter which wasn't set up when we arrived.  We asked for it to be set up and they literally shoved the bed into the room.  When we told them we had no space to put our luggage anywhere, they just shrugged, knocked over the lamp and injured our daughter.  So why did I give this review a 3? The breakfast was really good.  a large selection of hot and cold food which…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value and location,"Great service, staff and location. Highly recommended. Rooms are spacious as advertised. Breakfast is good quality with very nice staff. Close to underground and accross the street from Original hop-on/off bus.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK location but Poor hotel,"Arrived on Saturday 1/10/16 lobby and check in area had booked 2 rooms(1091,1095)  room 1091 had no toilet roll on arrival light bulbs in side lights didn't work.. marks all over carpet and iron was rusty.. poor housekeeping however room very small tv didn't work had to turn off and back on after replacing batteries in remote.. view was terrible only thing u could see was the roof of downstairs  and across into other rooms opposite..  room 1095 was small and shower room door was very stiff to move carpet was okay but still a few marks on it.. TV was okay and bed too however only downside was that there was no plug sockets near bed on one side..  overall room 1095 was a lot better than 1091 however think Travelodge would of been a better option.  had 2 glasses of wine and 1…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel in Wonderful Neighborhood,"My sister and I spent 4 nights at the Hilton and thoroughly enjoyed our time there.  The hotel is located in a wonderful area within an easy walk of 2 tube stations and a bus that stops right in front of the hotel.  We stayed in a twin deluxe room that was quite large for London with wonderful amenities including a small fridge, bathrobes, slippers, etc.  The staff was friendly and efficient and breakfast was excellent.  The only negative to this hotel is the Avenue Bar which is in dire need of additional trained staff.  We enjoyed our stay so much we canceled a reservation we had at another hotel to stay at the Hilton again when we returned to London for the last few days of our trip.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, but . . .","As you might expect from an older hotel in a large and expensive city, the rooms are smallish and the breakfast is over priced.  We had a difficult time getting our bags through the door of the room (narrow door), and the beds are HARD because there is no box spring (only a wooden platform with a mattress on top).  That said, the other amenities of the room are wonderful.  It was a quiet room.  There were blackout curtains.  There were drawers for putting clothing in (it feels good to unpack even if just for a few days) and a nicely sized closet.  There was a nice tea/coffee service in the room as well as a refrigerator.  The buffet breakfast is about £15 ($22) per person if you book it with your reservation or at check-in, but it's about £20 ($30) per person if you decide to…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old and not clean,"Room 5041 requires refurbishment. The bathroom door was so old that it was extremely difficult to move it and close it. Lots I dust in the corners, under bathroom door, in the ventilation, on the lights. There's a gym, but with only single changing room and one (only one) shower without any curtain for both men and women. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel,"Good location as it’s just a short walk away from Shepherd’s Bush tube station and it’s also really close to the Westfield shopping centre with its range of shops and restaurants. Staff were excellent throughout, check-in was pretty quick and easy.  Room was a reasonable size for a London hotel. Had a nice comfy bed, decent pillows and good air conditioning so room temperature was comfortable. Plenty of hot water in the shower plus toiletries if needed. Room was quiet too so I got a good night’s sleep. Breakfast was a good choice of hot and cold food. Usual selection of fruit, cereal, pastries & bread, tea & coffee plus a reasonable selection of hot foods. Free WiFi for me too. Would stay again",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average and tired - in need of some TLc,"Stayed here in the week on business.  It is a 10 minute walk from Shepherds Bush tube station and is another 10 minute walk to restaurants etc.  So we chose to eat in the bar and it was packed.  The hotel was also full this night, so it felt busy and there was nowhere to sit.  The food was ok but the mozzarella and tomato main salad was the size of a starter and was missing the salad.  I complained when I saw the size of other main course salads coming out and it was refunded. My husband had chicken tikka masala which he enjoyed.  Breakfast the next morning was ok.  The room and hotel is in need of some General TLC as it is tired and beginning to show signs of being dirty.  Would not go there again even though I am a Hilton Honors member so always look for a Hilton first.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but quite far out,"The hotel was nice but considering we were in England, it was more difficult to communicate with the foreign reception staff than it has been in most hotels we have been to abroad. On entering our room, I went to have a drink of water and one of the clean glasses was covered in sticky fingerprints, definitely not what I was expecting in a Hilton Hotel; however after contacting housekeeping and eventually making myself understood, fresh glasses were delivered within a few minutes. Otherwise the room was clean and comfortable and we had two great night's sleep.   The weather was warm while we were there and the air condition was very effective and not too noisy to disturb our sleep. Breakfast was good with plenty to choose from. If you don't want to pay £20.00  for a taxi from…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Unfortunatly no better than a Travelodge,This Hotel needs updating.  The carpets are worn and things look tied.  Had two rooms but 'loads' of small things just weren't right and we had to keep chasing.    Small bottle of wine in room a nice touch but just one glass when there was two of us?  Chocolates left in room nice - just again one short ?  Breakfast in morning was warm to cold so nothing to pay premium for.  Disappointed .,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,claustrophobic,"The room was built around the bed!!!! The bathroom was even worse.. It was so small the door had to open out to the bedroom which blocked anybody else from using the only part of the bedroom that had floor space! The shower ceiling was that low you can see the previous victims hairs stuck to it from the steam that could not escape from the broken extractor fan. I actually nearly fainted for the lack of oxygen in there!! We escaped from the claustrophobic bedroom to the very spacious bar and entrance hall (spacious not nice). I ordered 1 half of Larger and a glass of Wine. It was very nice until I looked at the bill.... £16.75!!!! I don't mind paying for quality but come on, and then I found out that they had charged £1.50 (Service Charge) without telling me! P.S. The water…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Handy location,"Stayed here for two nights over the weekend. Wasn't too sure after reading some of the reviews, so didn't know what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. Our room was at the back of the hotel which was quiet. Room was clean, bed fine and comfy, bathroom was clean and tidy. Entrance into room a bit narrow as the fridge,wardrobe, bathroom door and tea making facilities all in the one wee bit. But not a problem to us, only a place to put your head down at night. Staff very pleasant and a brilliant buffet breakfast. Would definitely come back",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First London Visit,"Great experience from start to end. Excellent, welcoming staff, including Kasia in the Restaurant, Daniela at the Bar, and Rachid Battal, the Concierge. Location convenient to public transportation, never more than 10-20 minutes from everything you would want to do in London",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK for London,"Stayed one night as working nearby at Olympia. It was very comfortable, room was clean, bed great with feather pillows which is unusual (extra point!). But it was so dated, brown carpet, brown wall paper, brown curtains, brown furniture so a bit depressing after a hard day's work! However, if they advertised it as a 'retro 60's hotel' it would probably do really well! Breakfast was really tasty but at £13.50 I would have had to have eaten a huge meal for it to be of value so maybe look else where locally for a better bargain! Staff great and very efficient and friendly. My check in clerk had me sorted even before I had given my name - magic?? We will bed back!",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,WEEKEND BREAK,"We needed a hotel with parking available and not too far from the city as we were attending a family wedding. We booked on-line to include breakfast, which was excellent value and made it a really good deal for our 2 night stay. The staff were all very helpful and friendly and gave good service. We had a room at the back which meant it was quieter than I image those at the front were as the hotel is located on a busy road. There was a bus stop right outside the hotel and the tube station was only 5mins walk away so very easy to get into the city. The rooms were clean and the bed comfortable, however there were no coat hangers in the wardrobe. I'm sure we could have asked for some, but my outfit was on a hanger and we just used the back of the chair for a jacket.so it wasn't that…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel for London Trip!,"We loved our stay at the Hilton Kensington. The location was perfect - in a quiet residential neighborhood just a short walk to the tube stations or near by restaurants/shopping. The complimentary breakfast each morning was lovely. It had a variety of foods, so we were able to fill up on our favorites but also try some local dishes that were new to us. We will definitely be back to this hotel - unless we stay at another Hilton in London to experience a different area.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington one night by booking through Hotwire so I did have a good rate. The location was good, close to Shepard Bush tube and Westfield shopping mall. The staff were all very friendly and the lobby was nice. However, I must say that the room was old and tired. It was fine for one night, but I would not stay there again. There are other places, even in that neighborhood that are nicer with larger rooms for about the same price. The rooms need some updating. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay!  Will be back!,If you are lookin fora great hotel stay in London this is the place!  Staff is very friendly and location is on the central line so you can get anywhere quickly. Plus there is a mall right across the street if you like to shop. ,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent Stay,"I'd stay here again. We were lucky to get a cheap deal online and felt we'd got a bargain with the hotel.   We got there. The hotel exterior isn't the most modern but inside it's been renovated and it's pretty nice in there.   The room itself was well presented, decorated and overall clean and the bed was plenty comfy. I guess the room was on the small side but it's fine for couples.   The only let down on this hotel was the bathroom. I questioned how long the floor had been cleaned and there was mildew mound in the shower on the ceiling.   Simple things to sort yet doesn't seem to be happening.   I would certainly stay here as it's simple fixes that need to happen to make it a 5* review.   I don't have any good photos of the room as there's lots on here but the photos show the…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel/ valentines treat ,Nice clean hotel. Rooms are a bit on the small side but ok for one or 2 nights. Room was very clean. I've shower. Nice room but bed was very squeaky so loses one star for that! Breakfast was really nice. Was self service and plenty to choose from. Taxi rank outside also which is very handy. ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One week in London,Highly recommend this Hilton hotel.  Close to bus lines and subway.  Walking distance to the mall.  Had a great time and the hotel was very comfortable.  We had access to the executive lounge and the food was great and was much appreciated after sightseeing all day.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","We stayed at this hotel for ten nights at the end of August. Hotel was fantastic, great service, rooms were good, beds very comfortable. A/C was a little noisy but worked well, fridge wasn't turned on but I believe you only have to ask and they will turn it on and stock the fridge. Room service was good and quick. For breakfast there was a great selection of hot and cold food and the staff were fantastic. Hotel is an easy 5 minute walk to the Sheppards Bush station and big Westfield shopping centre which has some excellent restaurants - food was very good. In the other direction up Holland Park Avenue you have great places to eat and the Holland Bush Station about 10 minute walk. From this hotel it is so easy to get around London.  There is also a hop on hop off bus stop right…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Stayed here with my boyfriend in August for his birthday. Lovely hotel and great location, close to Shepherd's Bush station. We were upgraded as we mentioned we were celebrating his birthday so worth doing! Breakfast has a great selection. I would say that the hotel is more aimed at business than leisure.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never staying here again,"Stayed here for 4 nights for business. The A/C didn't work but the hotel was books solid so I was given a fan instead. London recorded the hottest temperature in over 100 years by the way. I complained and the guy at the front desk was getting more agitated instead. I asked him to make sure I get switched to a different room the next day and he kept saying that he needed to ask the manager. Really? The rooms sweltering hot, the fan is blowing hot air from one part of the room to another and you have to ask???? At that time I just knew that he wouldn't ask his manager. I'm a Hilton gold member and have stayed at numerous countries and spent hundreds of days in different hotels. So I've pretty much seen it all. So I knew that. The next day, no one called me. I stepped out for few…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here if you want a jolly ole time in London,Not a great hotel doesn't come close to the the Hiltons we have in America.. the staff lacks energy and they seem to make excuses.. the rooms are so dated and are not clean.. the hotel could use a total makeover.. wish I had chose another hotel but I learned this time..,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,Extremly satisfied. Lovely staff and great stay. Any problems dealt with immediately. We had a bad experience last year as assisted a disabled lady. To be fair this was booked through superbreaks. If you do require disabled access speak to hotel directly and they will accommodate. Nick Boyd assisted us and was great. A lovely chap.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good second time around,"This is my second time staying at this hotel (last time was almost 10 years ago).  The room was good-sized, very clean, with a window that we kept open for fresh air instead of the A/C.  Breakfast buffet was very good with many choices, although the restaurant was pretty busy everyday no matter what time we went.  Staff here was excellent and helpful.  The concierge was very knowledgeable and gave good tips and advices.  I rate 4/5 this time because the room is rather dated and the walls are thin.  However we will most likely stay here again when we come back to London.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"An excellent stay, excellent staff ","Travelling back after a two night stay at the Kensington Hilton, my partner and I were keen to write a fantastic review for the hotel. Upon entering the hotel, we were greeted by two very friendly members of the concierge team who took our luggage into the holding room ready for when we could check in that afternoon. The team were also very knowledgeable about the best transport links into London. We were pleased to hear that The Original Tour sightseeing bus company conveniently picks up just outside the hotel, which was ideal for us as tourists!  After a busy afternoon in the city, we arrived back at the hotel and checked in to a spotlessly clean executive room. We later entered the executive lounge where a wide selection of alcoholic beverages and hot canapés were served by a…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London,"We booked the Hilton Kensington thinking it was actually in Kensington but be aware, it is only just in Kensington by a post code. It's very close to Shepards Bush station (walking distance). It took 15 minutes to check us in an the executive double which  was...ok. only one dressing gown (soon rectified though), and we did receive a complimentary meal for the delay on arrival. The breakfasts are again, okay but get there early or it tends to be a bit congealed. All in all, okay but due to location and distances involved getting anywhere if you don't have a car, is a bit of pain.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very, very, very clean","One of the best hotels I've stayed at in Europe.  Very clean, modern and QUIET!  We had a twin room facing a courtyard # 5107.  (The hotel is shaped like an E.)  Only possible problem was the tub since the bottom of it was all sloped.  If you are at all unsteady on your feet, you might request a handicap room to forgo the death tubs!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good place to stay,"we stayed here as we were going to proms in the park, very easy to get to central places bus stop outside and opposite, hotel staff very friendly and helpful, rooms quite small but have tea/ coffee and really comfy large beds very clean. breakfast very good lots of variety and well topped up. would definitely return",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotet in a Good Location,"I went to Notting Hill, London to see the great  Notting Hill Carnival. I chose to stayed at the Hilton Kensington because it was close to the parade routes and had many positive reviews on TripAdvisor. I got to the hotel from Heathrow Airport in 30 minutes with the Heathrow Express to Paddington and then took a taxi to the hotel.  The hotel is close to shopping, restaurants, visitor's sites and good public transportations. I booked a Deluxe King room but was given a free upgrade to an Executive King at check in. I was assigned to Rm.6070 which overlooked Holland Park Avenue. The room was a bit small size when compared to similar class in the US but had the amenities of a 4 star rated hotel. The bath towel were pretty large.  The cable had CNN International which was very…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service - above and beyond expectations,"This was a special birthday stay at the Hilton Kensington and from the onset, the staff could not have been more accommodating, helpful and kind. They really pulled out all the stops to make sure this was a very special trip.   It is so nice in this day and age to receive such personalised, thoughtful attention making us feel like VIP guests despite being a large hotel. Based on this stay would definitely be back. Excellent value for money, great location and just so nice to receive such 5* levels of service. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,"Excelent concierge, but thst's about it. Poor booking process, total lack of communications, small rooms, poor range at breakfast, bad bar service (rude). Slow internet at all times. Just very very average to poor.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in london,"We stayed here for 5 nights in July 2016. The hotel is in a lovely safe, quiet area conveniently located close to the underground (shepards bus) and walkable to a few attractions such as portobello road market and westfields ( a huge shopping centre) with many pubs and restaurants close by. The room was clean and comfortable but our washroom had a very strong, damp & musty scent (no fan) and we kept the door shut for most of our stay.  Our package included breakfast which was very good for a hotel buffet- including all the things that are normally available at breakfast such as made to order omelettes - porridge, juices, breads, sausages, bacon etc.  The service overall was very good- the housekeepers were professional and friendly in the hallways, the front desk was cordial and…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,hotel for touring London,"Very comfortable room and facilities.  Excellent service from the staff.  The hotel was terrific location for us to tour London.  We used the Holland Park tube station which was a lovely 10 minute walk from the hotel, down Holland Park Avenue. Great on the way back--easy to stop at restaurants or bakeries.   Also, the Original hop-on-hop-off tour bus picks up right at the hotel.  Preferred walking to Holland Park tube station instead of Shepherd's Bush.  Enjoyed stopping for a meal at Giraffe on Holland Park.  Also Paul's patisserie.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,Great Hotel. Close to Shepherds Bush Tube Station and Westfield Shopping Centre where there were lots of Restaurants. Getting around London from the Hotel was easy. Excellent breakfast. Spotless rooms and friendly Staff. Would use this hotel again.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great London hotel,"This hotel is in an amazing location. Just a short walk to Shephards Bush underground station and a very large Westfield shopping centre. Services are good. Our room was a little old and tired (our bathroom door took some effort to shut) but it was clean, comfortable and fairly quiet.  In general it was pretty good value for money.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The price is fair, the location is quite good, the tube is just closeby, so is the biggest shopping mall, the executive lounge is boring - no flair, the rooms are rather old, need a refurbishment, it's a huge hotel with more than 600 rooms and the flair is rather odd, the breakfast buffet is typical British with little variety.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, neat and comfy","I stayed here for a couple of nights at the end of a study trip (and uncomfortable dorm beds and a teeny tiny room) so the soft bed, carpet, tv and hot shower were very welcome.  While the name Hilton in other parts of the world brings to mind huge and luxurious rooms, in London space is at a premium so the room size that I got was actually quite decent.  I had a queens sized bed which was very comfy to sleep in.  The room was clean, everything worked and I found the amenities to be fine for the time I spent there.  The hotel is perfectly situated next to Shepherds Bush station so London's transport system is at your fingertips.  All in all for the price I paid I think this is a great option if you want a clean, neat, safe tidy room.  Perfect for the end of a trip or only a…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor example of a Hilton,"I used to stay here regularly and over the last two years something has clearly happened.  My room was tiny, dark, the carpets stained and sticky. The bathroom was unhygienic and when unpacking I found a dirty sock next to the safe.  I asked for a room change and the second room was just as poor.  I can't even bring myself to eat breakfast even though it's included.  I'm also a Diamond member and haven't received any of the welcome  rewards.  Pretty grim....avoid. ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst Hiltons ever.,"1. Stayed in Room 4028 from 11 Sep - 15 Sep 2016, on business. 2. Upon check-in, was told that I would get newspaper on a daily basis, was even asked which newspaper I preferred, for which I stated my choice. In all the 4 days, on not a single day did I receive any newspaper. 3. Room shower unable to produce hot water. Only lukewarm water, sometimes. Hence, I had cold showers mostly, especially in the morning. Terrible. 4. Toiletries - dental kit (e.g. toothbrush) and beauty kit (e.g. cotton earbuds) are not provided by default, unlike other Hiltons I have stayed in. I was also only provided 1 tiny bottle of body wash, which was often insufficient for 2 daily baths. So on the 2nd day I wrote housekeeping a note requesting for more. Housekeeping did provide 1 extra bottle, but…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed Feelings,"We ended up in a spacious room with a nice bathtub for our second night, but only after complaining about the dingy little room we were given on check-in; this had happened to us on a previous occasion too, so be aware that booking an ""Executive"" room (giving access to the lounge, which is definitely worth having) does not guarantee a better room, be specific. The new feature of checking in online does not give enough detail on the rooms to avoid this problem. We like the location of this hotel, an easy walk to Notting Hill and Holland Park, via which one can access the Kensington High Street and Palace gardens. There is an enormous shopping center with probably twenty-plus restaurants across the roundabout in Shepherd's Bush perhaps a hundred yards away. We ate only bar food in…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two different rooms,"The room we had on the first two nights was not good. Quite a small room with two twin beds. The one bed was very noisy when turning on it.  Almost like it was going to break. The floor seemed like it needed shampooed to us.  A week later we stayed for one night, and that room was better. Cleaner, no noisy beds. We expected better Hilton rooms for the price we paid.  However, the included morning breakfast's were first rate.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My stay at Hilton Kensington,Spent 3nights here. Arrived before the check in time with my wife. The porter that took our luggage was good. Staff were friendly. We did like the room originally allocated to us  we were moved to a better room. I must point out that the hotel require some renovation,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible service,"Hotel location: Good. Close to underground stations and relatively quiet. Hotel service in general leaves much to be desired.  One needs to queue FOREVER for everything ( check in, check out, breakfast, bar).  They have more guests than they can cope. Some staff were clearly ill suited for their jobs and one was downright rude. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely space but functionally sub par,"Room was lovely but too SMALL. Too little room to walk once you accommodate space for luggage.  one of the two phones didn't work  my fridge didn't cool, was broken, I asked to have someone look at it, no one did  my ac monitor was also broken, so it was difficult to see what the temp was set for and even when i had it on cold, it didn't cool sufficiently   the shower door is designed in such a way that you have to be in the shower (no tub) in order to get the water temp right -- meaning you had to either freeze or burn yourself to adjust it.  to reach the concierge or room service you'd have to let the phone ring a minimum of 15 times... often times NO ONE would answer and you'd have to ring the front desk to ask them... only to learn they're ""busy""...  which speaks to one of…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in London,This hotel is conveniently located. A few minutes walk to a tube station makes it easy to get to central London. There is also a huge shopping mall (right where the tube station is) where you can find everything. Up the street from the hotel ( maybe a 10-15 minutes walk) you'll find good restaurants. My hotel room was clean and comfortable. There was a good bar but it would have been nicer if there was a coffee shop where guests could go any time of day. I will certainly stay in this hotel again.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff,The staff is very friendly and it is very close to the Shepards Bush station.  The drawback is the rooms are not up to Hilton standards.  The carpet in my room was stained and and the door to the bathroom had rusty hinges and chipping paint.  The outside was less than appealing.  Vacuums and room service trays were left in the hallways for full days.  To be fair we didn't spend a lot of time there so it was adequate.  ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay in London at the Kensington!,We spent three nights here on our first vacation to London. The hotel is a great location to catch the trains from Shepherds Bush or take one of the London Hop on and of tours. Breakfast was included with our room which was an excellent value. There was tons of hot and cold  food choices. Lots of veggies and cheeses. Also lots of Gluten Free choices which I require.  The staff was very friendly and it was quiet at night for sleeping and good beds.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location Nice Hotel,"Nice hotel out in Shepherds Bush, near to Kensington High Street and Shepherds Bush Westfield mall plus central line underground station.  Hotel has a reasonably priced bar, bar snacks, TVs in Bar area and internet. We had access to Executive lounge which was useful on Sunday when the queue for breakfast was 20 people deep. You can get tea/coffee cooked breakfast and continental from executive lounge - main breakfast area is massive with a wide selection of hot and cold foods breads and pastries. We had a King sized executive room, with a fold out bed for our 14 year old - this made the room a little cramped but we were just sleeping there. A short walk 15 mins up the road takes you to Knotting Hill Gate and a wide and varied selection of shops or 20 mins down past some…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok for the price,"This is a no frills hotel which is fine when I am on vacation as I'm not getting a hotel to hang out but a place to rest my head.  That said there are a few ""quirks"" about this hotel.  The check in process was quick and efficient.  I arrived and it was raining and it was 1800 and I just wanted to get a bite to eat and go to bed as I just flew 10 hours. I go to the bar and it's crowded as I would expect as it raining.  However, it too 20 minutes to get a drink and an hour to get my burger.  I noticed other people who arrived after me got their food and called out why I had not received my food.  They apologized and made excuses and brought my food which was cold.  I sent it back and said it was cold and they said can I get you another drink and I said bring me two since it takes…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but....,"Disappointing service, room not ready hours after given time, poor service in the AVenue bar, broken tiles in the bathroom with cracked sink and up lighter not working and grubby carpet. Plus as we booked with booking.com we had to pay a £50 deposit in case of damage/ use of mini bar ( which had no stock) and it takes 3-5 working days to reimburse !!!! Pleasant staff doing their best on reception. Needs some TLC.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what you expect from Hilton property ,"I have been to many Hilton around the world, this is one of the bottom of my list. Very basic room, what you can get in low end Motel six or so. Rooms are real small. As a diamond member, they told they gave one of the very good room. Never seen such old, outdated room. Carpenter, bathroom and almost everything in room needs renovation. After calling  front desk, they moved from 4th floor to 6, which is better than. Rooms on the 4th floor. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"All good, very helpful receptionist","Wasn't planning to stay here, but we were moved over when our original hotel had overbooked so sent us to this Hilton We were very short of time as had to get to Hyde Park for the proms, so needed to get up to the room swiftly to prepare. Thankfully after the receptionist had confirmed our booking she clearly realised that we needed our room straight away and got us on our way very promptly. Full marks to her as we were starting to get quite hot and sweaty carrying all our luggage.  Breakfast the next day was amazing with a huge selection of options to choose from to cater for every breakfast taste.  Definately worth the stay although it probably would have been too expensive for our budget had we booked directly",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location comfortable hotel,"Stayed just one night.  Check in was quick and pleasant. Nice comfortable hotel.  Our room was small with two single beds.  Bathroom was also extremely small.  Beds were comfortable.  Liked the availability of bathrobes and slippers in the room.  Complimentary croissants and juice in the lobby in the morning.  Got a very good rate at the hotel but would have been disappointed with the size of the room, had we paid more.  Parked our car at Westfield Shopping Ctr overnight/(up to 24 hours) for £8.  This was very convenient for shopping the day after our stay and much more reasonable than the hotel parking.  In summary, small comfortable room with friendly staff and in a great location.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lengthy queues checking in and out,Hotel is nice enough but we had to wait approx.30 mins before we managed to check in and out staff were friendly and helpful rooms were clean and functional whatever you do don't not get a drink at the bar unless you have won the lottery !!!!,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Return trip,"Returned to this hotel for its convenient location (next to Shepherd's Bush underground) and access to Club lounge. Club lounge was overcrowded. Room was still nice, comfortable and had everything I needed for a business travellor like good WiFi; but overall the property is looking a trite tired. The guy at the concierge is still good though.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,We were located at the end of the third floor and it was very quiet despite being on the main road. The room was immaculate although it could have done with a hoover during our four night stay.  The breakfast buffet was more than we could have expected with vegetarian options readily available.. Check in and check out was very slow (we eventually gave out on check out and just deposited our cards). Please also beware that you will be asked for a £50 deposit per room.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dont stay here,Just dont stay here!!!  Its dirty and the beds are very very hard! I would not recommend this place at all to anyone.  The room smelled and the bed springs were poking out.  Its not very close to the tube but do able.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Vacation,"My best experience was the Concierge gentleman, Rachid Battal he was the best and so wonderful and helpful.   Loved him, totally awesome.  The Executive room was great for a quick breakfast and afternoon tea.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Awesome Excecutive Lounge, no restaurant","Stayed in this hotel for 3 days on business. Contrary to the website, this hotel does not have a restaurant that is open for dinner (at least, not during our stay). There is a small section of the bar that has table set in a restaurant like style, but will only serve the same as the bar menu. The executive lounge is very good, especially the wide drinks selection between 18.00 and 20:30 with very friendly staff which poor good sizes.  Rooms are a bit dated but comfortable, breakfast was fine.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just awful.,"The lovely reception and complimentary cucumber water tricked me into thinking this would be a decent hotel. Nope. The lady who served us was lovely but they had obviously no record of our booking, she said she'd upgraded us although me and my sister had to share a double bed because no twin bed room was ready. I dread to think what a non upgraded room was like, we got ourselves situated with the small room and we quickly discovered the air con didn't work, it was just covered in dust and extremely loud. One of our lamps didn't work and you had to ninja behind a table and chair to turn on the other one. We had a dark brown stain on the net curtain, stains on the tap and the shower curtain was rusty I also found pubic hair around the toilet. We were going to use this as a base…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Appalling service! ,"Absolutely appalling service in the bar tonight, not able to cope, no staff. Cant get an order of 4 drinks correct and have the cheek to include a service charge. No food, can't even get a bloody sandwich! Rooms are sub standard, regular visitors at this hotel but not for much longer!!!  ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice. Better than previous Hiltons,"A nice surprise.  I've never particularly enjoyed the Hilton hotels before although I have not previously stayed in his one.  Room was nice if on the small side. Especially the shower room. The door opened outward which was weird and gives an idea of size.  There was a fridge / minibar but this didn't work / no obvious way to switch on.  The only annoying thing was £50 deposit is required for no reason other than ""hotel policy"". Work paid for the stay but seems silly this is the policy. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok sums it up,"So one night mid week here.  Check in polite and helpful.  Nearest tube is Sheperds Bush, just a few minutes walk away - near Westfield shopping as well.  Room is OK but quite small with an even smaller bathroom.  Put up the luggage case holder and you could no longer walk around the bed in my double room.  Sliding door on the bathroom due to space.  Rooms are showing their age a bit, but are OK.  Staff helpful through out.    I only used the bar where service was polite and prompt.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,City Break,"Having never stayed at a Hilton before, I was not quite sure what to expect. Whilst the service was exemplary, the staff unfailingly polite at all times, the hotel rooms are more travel lodge than our expectations of a Hilton. The hotel feels dated and average at best, but the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff really make up for it.   The breakfast buffet is of a good standard with a number of options to suit all tastes. And within walking distance you can get to a vast amount of local eateries and amenities. The Central Line is accessible within a 5 minute walk at Shepherds Bush station.  I would stay again, but I'd be happy to consider other options too...",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really enjoyed a great overnight stay here!,"This is a very busy hotel close to Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherd's Bush Tube/ Overground. Very conveniently situated.  Large well-equipped room and full bathroom. Brilliant bed. Very quiet with little disturbance.  There are notices advising one to get to breakfast early to avoid the rush. I did. I found the staff charming and polite, and ordered a made-to-order omelette which was piping hot and delicious, served with a smile.  I had left some clothes behind and housekeeping and the concierge were wonderful in helping me retrieve these and keeping them safe for me.  Would happily stay here again! ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Charged twice without being informed,"I stayed with my sister end of August and we booked in July through a third party on Trivago called 7 Ideas, i'd never heard of them before, but checked reviews before booking and they seemed fine.  When we checked in at the Hilton they didn't have our booking, so they tried calling 7 ideas but couldn't get through, they told me not to worry about it and found a room for us and took a copy of my booking confirmation and told me they would sort it out. They took a £50 deposit which is standard there and even upgraded our room to a queen size with park view and free wifi, so we walked away happy and the receptionist was really helpful. When he checked out 3 days later, the receptionist confirmed that we had prepaid for our room so had nothing to pay and when I asked about the…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fab location for the carnival ,"I chose this hotel for it location to the carnival, and am glad we stayed here. The hotel was about a 15 min walk to the carnival.  The Hilton itself was a lovely hotel to stay in, the rooms were comfy and nice and the decor through the the hotel was also lovely. We had included breakfast with our stay and it was all very nice and lots to things to choose from. The staff were all very friendly. Am definitely going to book this hotel next year when I return for carnival! ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A really pretty and modern hotel,"We stayed here for one night and were really pleased with how nice the hotel was. The hotel itself is really modern and very pretty as you come in. The staff were very friendly and courteous. The room itself was a bit smaller than I had expected but still nice nonetheless. The hotel is very close to Shephard's Bush so it's very easy to get to places. Overall, this was a nice place to stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as good as it used to be.,"I have stayed at his hotel on a good number of occasions and was always happy to go again.  However this time it seemed as if Hilton were trying to cut costs. The bed was extremely comfortable, the room well appointed but the air conditioning only really worked if you had the fan at full and then it was too noisy to sleep well. You had to run around in the shower to get wet as the water pressure was a bit low and it took ages for the water to get hot. Unless you were very careful the water from the shower ended up all over the bathroom floor.   Breakfast was very average.  It used to be that fruit juice and tea/coffee were brought to your table but now you have to get it yourself, and don't forget the milk! Poached eggs were offered but the chef was not there in the time it took…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great value, good service, would return in a flash !","I returned recently to the Hilton Kensington for a 5 night stay. It was 12 years since I had stayed here last so I was interested to see how things had changed. After a long flight from Houston I was welcomed by the most courteous and cheerful of front desk staff members. I am sorry I never got her name as she really deserved recognition. I booked a standard room on a breakfast package. I hunted high and low on Expedia and all the other major chains websites, but I couldn’t get anything even close to the deal I got through the Hilton website, so keep an eye on their specials, they can be amazing value. Considering the price I paid I was expecting one of their basic rooms, but I couldn’t complain at all. The room was situated at the side of the building, looking into a tree and…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Stayed here for 6 nights while attending a film festival and had a lovely stay. The only things that were a negative for me was that they tried to take the cost of the booking the day before I checked in and I wasn't aware they would do that, i thought I was to pay when I checked in. There is a £50 security deposit that I didn't know about as well that I had to pay on check-in. I got locked in our bathroom when the lock wouldn't turn, lucky enough my friend was in the room so she called down to reception and the maintenance man was up to our room within 10 minutes to get me out. The buffet breakfast was plentiful, there is something for everyone, full English, cereal, porridge, fruit, brie, different juices, teas and coffees, loads of food. They even did some custom foods like…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but otherwise good,"Really, our room was pretty much the smallest that we old find acceptable as anything less would be just too claustrophobic.  The lady on reception was really nice & helpful ensuring that Lady G had her preferred bathtub, so that eased our thoughts on the room. Ultimately, it was little more that somewhere to sleep & go out from, so OK. Car parking £35 a day made the room seem cheap comparatively, but it is very much a captive market and something you just have to tolerate. Not surprisingly, there were plenty of spaces, but it was tight getting the Rangerover in & out of the very narrow car park. We've stopped here before & will again: it's great for visiting Notting Hill and area, or the 94 bus opposite takes you straight to Piccadilly Circus for a pittance (use contactless to…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"I signed up for hilton honors and being a member, you're supposed to get free wifi. However upon checkin, i was told that I had to BOOK the room via the hilton honors app in order to qualify for the hilton honors privileges. I was also told that the hilton honors programme would have the best price guarantee. There's a good reason why i didn't book through the app. The app had each night priced at 200 pounds. When I called the hotel for a direct reservation inquiry, I was quoted slightly over 100 pounds. Using agoda, I got the cheapest price (slightly lower than the reservation quoted by the hotel staff over the phone). Best price guarantee, go figure. However, at least the hotel staff on checkin did give me WIFI in the end as a ""one off"" service. (free wifi is standard in many…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good ,"The hotel is fine, good location but away from underground station  Rooms are fine and big  Wifi is terrible  Food is fine and Tasty  Above average for business stay and average for leisure stay  The hotel is old and doesn't not have lots of facilities ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Rooms underwhelming, staff and breakfast generally good","Rooms quite small and basic. Bed was on a cheap wooden base which was surprisingly noisy.  Bathroom fittings need TLC - towel rack was falling down, shower door handle loose and the shower exterior needed cleaning. Loo got blocked with a moderate amount of paper.  Bar service very slow two nights in a row. The staff just seemed indifferent and not interested in serving. We waited 20 minutes at one point - at least a free round was offered as compensation when we complained.  In contrast, breakfast staff were superb - friendly, welcoming and willing to talk. Breakfast at booking was £20 each; ridiculous, so we didn't book it. On check-in we were offered it at £14 each - much better. The breakfast had a full self-service spread. It was generally excellent. We did get stale…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"One night stay for business in a £200 room. I know it's London prices but for £200 I normally experience a better all round stay.  My opinion of Hilton had already gone downhill when last week they refused to move a booking I made through booking.com as my business plans had changed. I was charged fully for not staying even though I asked for a date switch several days in advance.  Should breakfast be such a scrum with so much of the food picked clean at 9.30am. Not even waiter service for coffee, that was also part of the queue up system!! Plus I had to wait for a cup!! Being gluten free it was difficult to find someone who could help me choose. I eventually had a tasty but cold breakfast as I waited for ketchup which had also ran out!! One bottle on the side for a breakfast…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel,"This hotel is not in Kensington, it's in Shepherds Bush. The decor of this hotel is a bit tired and outdated. There weren't any outlets near the bed (a necessity of those of us who use our phones as an alarm and charge them overnight, I certainly can't be the only one). The door to the bathroom in my room didn't shut, which as I was staying by myself wasn't a huge deal but could be for others.  However, the breakfast was very good and the staff were warm and polite. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happy,"Good location, only comment Shepherds Bush underground is nearer than Holland Park. Good location  Happy to use again. Bus stop outside into centre, shops and plenty of eating venues at Nearby shopping centre.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,HHonors VIPs stay away!,"As a long-standing Hilton HHonors VIP, Diamond member, I am accustomed to being welcomed as such and given upgrades if rooms are available, especially if one check-in in the late hours. I have stayed at this property before and was not upgraded then -  I was told a note would be put on my file and I would get better service next time. So imagine my surprise today when I checked in to be told the same old story. No welcome as a valued Diamond VIP and a blatant mis-truth, which offended me more than ever. The front desk clearly said ""I am sorry there are no rooms that you can be upgraded to today"". Well that was funny because their website was still actively selling executive rooms! I put this to the lady on the front desk and she looked up at the ceiling and said ""you are…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Trip Advisor Booking,"See Hotel website..could not have asked for more. As I have to use 200 characters to post..here we go.....Staff were amazingly helpful, nice to see no prejudice with regard to appearance, your type of booking, albeit online with a discounted rate or with personal individual bookings.  I did not see an unhappy face or disgruntled guest at any time...speaks for itself, Dont ever hesitate to book a room here through whatevermedia you choose.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,execellent Hilton London Kensigton's consierge,"I stayed at Hilton London Kensigton last month from Aug. 3rd to 8th, 2016 for 5 nights with my old 3 friends for almost 60 years friend-ship.  I would like to express our  appreciation to Hilton London Kensigton's consierge.  We took the flight from Tokyo  to London via Incheon Airport by Korean Airlines.  Though my friend's wife lost her mobile phone somewhere at Incheon Airpot, she realized it when we arrived at Hilton London Kensigton on Aug. 3rd.   She was shocked very much because she bought new mobile phone only a few weeks ago.  We did not know the best way how to find her mobile phone and we did not know about Incheon Airport phone number and also Incheon Airport lost & refund office phone number as well.  Therefore, we asked to help to Hilton London Kensigton's…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Break for my Husband ,"I booked a weekend break for my husbands birthday at the Hilton Kensington London. From the minute we entered the hotel we were made to feel welcome. Checking in was exceptionally quick and efficient with a wonderfully, cheerful member of staff (Sarah, I believe)   Our room was on 7th floor and there are 4 lifts so no length of time to wait. The room was clean with the usual toiletries, robes, iron, safe and hairdryer.   We had the access to the executive lounge, where again the staff were extremely pleasant and nothing was too much trouble. Excellent selection of food and drink all of which were presented nicely.  The concierge service was second to none.  We had an enjoyable  stay and the staff added to our experience. We would highly recommend the Hotel and we will be…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK-ish Hilton with some downsides,"The Hilton Kensington is located close to the Westfield shopping mall, and thus quite a bit away for most touristic attractions of London. So, you definitely have to take the bus or metro to get almost anywhere. So, if you want to do a lot of sightseeing in short time, you would probably want to consider another place. The guest rooms are a bit on the small side, but that's ok. The state of the interior however, isn't ok... Dents and dirt everywhere... This hotel definitely needs an urgent makeover! The hotel restaurant is located in the lobby and is hit and miss: I had chorizo as starter and it was really nice. My main course was a fillet of beef (ordered medium) and that was close to charcoal... The first waiter serving me, wasn't really attentive and I haven't had the…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,I fully enjoyed staying there the was very helpful and couldn't do enough for us we had a upgrade  and we all enjoyed it.we had the best stay in London near transport links and i would go back there again and the food was good,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel for location and price,"It seems there are two different types of rooms in the same hotel building. One side seems to be older and one side seems to be newer. I was unhappy to be given an older room at first, then the hotel staff quickly arranged a newer room for me in the next morning and moved all my luggages for me. However, although they were quick to react, I believe all rooms within the same hotel building should be consistent.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location! ,"Stayed for one night with my cousin. This was the second night of our trip to London. We arrived early afternoon so we're not surprised our rooms were not ready. We did the checking in and left our bags with the concierge and went off for the day/eve. When we got back we were told we'd been upgraded to a deluxe room. They tried to take a second £50 off our credit card even though we'd done this earlier.. Our room was fine, standard Hilton, smallish with small bathroom with shower over the bath. We were very tired and went straight to bed and were grateful we had paid for the breakfast which was wonderful. Unfortunately my cousin found a crisp in her bed which made us wonder if the sheets had been changed..  Reception were very apologetic, reacted well to our complaint and…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,love this one !,"Very comfortable hotel, clean and well equipped rooms, very helpful staff. Centrally located and convenient for attractions. Would stay there again and would recommend it to everyone. Next time, would like to try the restaurant, as I'm sure it would exceed all expectations, if it lives up to the high standards, set by the hotel as a whole.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired,"Good points:  Staff very pleasant and efficient. Bed very comfortable. Cheap. Bad points: It's all a bit run down, Cracked washbasin, dirty marks on walls and carpet. Sound proofing deficient Executive lounge, I've been in more enticing prison visiting rooms.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location for Notting Hill Carnival,"We booked this hotel as we were attending the Notting Hill Carnival and the hotel was about 15/20 mins walk from this area. There are two Metro stops nearby I .e. Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush and regular buses stop outside so very accessible from Victoria Bus Station or Paddington.  We stayed 3 nights and were allocated room 3031 (a twin room) and it was fine apart from various stains on the carpet. Toiletries were provided and replaced daily as was the milk, tea, coffee and biscuits. The towels were new, soft and fluffy and again replaced daily.  We were told breakfast was £19.95 but £14.00 if booked the day before. We had hbreakfast on our last morning and was pleased with the range of food and drinks. Traditional English breakfast was available but also many other choices…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Base for Getting Around,"My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights, booked at a reasonable rate via Expedia. Nondescript exterior and then a plush foyer reception. Quick  and easy check-in, although room was not available until 3 pm, but that is a standard now unfortunately. Slight issue when we went to pick up our bags from the left luggage room. The valet could not find them and we had to go in to look for them, making us dred the worse but we did find them eventually! Took one of the 4 high speed lifts up to the 4 th floor to room 4006. Smallish room, but then this was central London. Good solid bed, good double glazing, flat screen TV, free safe, fridge, working air-con were some of the pluses. Stains on the carpet and a shower/bath that was showing its age were some of the minor negatives. But all in…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,DISGUSTING treatment ,"well upon arrival was greeted and felt really welcome looked lovely inside and seemed tho we would have a lovely weekend! Paid the fee for the room upfront aswel as a deposit incase I wanted to use any other 'facilities'.. Had a lovely weekend, however upon arrival asked to pay AGAIN but told I would only be charged the first time I paid and the second was just as a security measure.. 2 days later (arriving home) I have now been put overdrawn in my bank after being charged the full amount (& deposit amount) can you get your breath TWICE! When I phoned the Hilton to confront them was shouted at down the phone, spoken to innapropriatly and then cut off the phone! To which I obviously phoned back and they did not answer my call twice! I then used a different phone and would you…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent staff, be nice when it's finished","Bad odour in the hallway, great staff in the hotel. I stayed in this hotel for 4 months, 16 years ago. It had the same smell of damp in the hallway then and it still has it now. The rooms are dated and a little orange paint have not made the rooms anymore contempary.  The staff are what makes this hotel. Friendly, competent and professional. When it was built, it was done to a budget and poor specification. It is not a good looking structure nor does it work properly. Knock it down, build something state of the art and charge double what your asking now..... Simples!",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice and comfortable stay,"We stayed four nights in August 2016. Overall nice and comfortable stay. Location is very convenient and close to Sheperd Bush underground and westfield shopping mall. Rooms are average size but manageable. Breakfast was very nice and huge variety.  Only negative experience at reception during check in. We arrived around 11.00 a.m. Guy at reception checked in but told me to come back at 3.00 p.m. Even though room numbers were given to us. I asked him to check with room cleaning dept., when the rooms would be ready. But he answered very rude way and said just come back 3.00 p.m. When I asked another person around 1.00 p.m., she told me, rooms are ready and gave me room key right then.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but expected more from a hilton,"Good location and desk staff, However we encountered a few problems. The parking ticket machine was not working and had to wait after a five hour drive.  The carpet in the room was dated and had stains on it.  The extractor fan was full of dust and the shower head was full of mold. On Sunday afternoon as me and my wife was leaving the 1st floor, we pressed the button for the lift and the lift arrived as the lift opened the was two concierge staff in the lift, The south east asian concierge with glasses started singing pretty woman out loud as he seen my wife soon as he seen me he stopped. We let them go down as my wife felt uncomfortable then waited for another lift to come. We then went down and walked passed the concierge desk and he started singing it out loud again. This is…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Nightmare stay....had to wait hour to check in, room was horrendous and badly in need of refurb, cold food from room service and woken up all though night from noisy guests and clear lack of communication between staff. Do not stay here!!",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but getting a little tired ,"I stayed at the hotel on the Bank Holiday night and got a really good deal including breakfast.   The hotel reception, bar and resturant are nice, clean with a lot of room.   The breakfast was ok but just missing that little something.   The double room was spacious and had a nice tv. There wasn't any complimentary water but i think i should have got that from reception, which is a bit odd. The air conditioning was really good and very easy to use. The room was looking a bit tired and the shower wasn't very powerful.  However, great location near with west field london,Holland Park and the central line.  Would stay again if i get a good deal again. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,theatre trip,good location near shepherds bush tube station and reasonably priced. bar nad restaurant prices were disapointing but plenty of places nearby to eat and drink.breakfast could be very busy and crowded but choice of food was good.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location but service was poor,Would we go back... yes for the location near shopping  centre vue cinema many returants and bars and central line tube station and great for the notting hill carnival.  When we arrived we explained we had check in on line and we showed our credit card and filled in a form although our room wasnt ready as we arrived early.  We asked if there was anywhere to get changed and we were given a pass to the gym changing room this was great.  The receptionist offered to ring us if our room was ready before 3 as we had plans for the day and left the hotel.   We returned approximately 4pm expecting to just be given 🔑 but seems nothing was logged on thier system as again the receptionist gave us the same form we had filled in and asked for our credit card again. We explained we had…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton for west London,"Big functional Hilton, I often get good rates here -it's popular with the air crews flying into Heathrow.  This is on the edge of Kensington- closer to Holland Park and Notting Hill , which are a short walk away . Alternatively you have Shepherds Bush tube and the massive Westgate shopping mall 5 mins in the other direction . However , it's so much more pleasant arriving from Holland Park tube and walking along leafy Holland Park Avenue. You need tens of millions to own a typical pad in this part of town.  I like to wander to Notting Hill and have a quiet beer in one of the gastro pubs .  The hotel looks a little dated, but it is well equipped inside. The lounge is excellent with ample snacks during Happy Hour. The serving area is a little cramped for breakfast , so I usually go…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best part of 3 day break in London,"We stayed at the Kensington Hilton Holland Pk Ave. can't praise the staff enough, all very professional and helpful. Frequent buses to West End outside hotel front door. Food was excellent, especially the canapés in the Exec Lounge. Lived up to my expectations, it being a Hilton hotel. Holland Park, virtually next door is lovely.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel ,I stay at the Hilton Kensington regularly and have to say it's greatest asset is the staff. They are an excellent team and all work hard to make your stay comfortable and agreeable.  The rooms are a bit dated but on the whole this is a good hotel with all accommodation needs catered for. ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Located in a nice area with the Westfield Mall nearby and Holland Park station also close by.  The rooms could be maintained better, the bathroom needs to be redone big time, the ventilation does not work so there's always a musty smell.  The staff is reasonably well behaved but some need to be more fluent in English so as to understand properly when asked a question!  Would probably return...     ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,london adventure,"Hotel provided good value for muliple night stay and was convenient to underground.  Gym, WiFi,  hairdryer, coffee in room all provided.  Not on direct train line to central London so most often one train change to get to popular tourist sites.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"COMFORTABLE STAY, GOOD LOCATION","We booked a 2 night stay and having checked in online the night before, chose a quiet room on the 5th floor.  On arrival at the hotel we were told we could not have the room selected as the carpet required cleaning after the previous guest had stained it.  We were given a complimentary upgrade of an executive room on the 6th floor, with use of the Executive Lounge.  The room was a good size, a very comfortable bed with feather pillows, plenty of wardrobe space, a safe, tea and coffee making facilities, ironing board, hairdryer, complimentary bottled water.  Free wi-fi.  The air conditioning was not hugely efficient and the room was quite warm, but the Reception very quickly sent an engineer to fix it.  The staff were very helpful and friendly throughout our stay.  We did not use…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected more from Hilton,"Nice Staff. Room was clean and bed was comfortable. Tv had many channels. Wifi was free only in lobby, it should have been free in the room for the price that they take for staying there.  Washroom was just ok. We had not expected that kind of old washroom at Hilton.   There was no refrigerator in the room, when i called them, the lady said yes it is free to have refrigerator in the room, i will send it to your room but it never came in the 5 days we stayed there. There was however an ice machine in the end of corridor at every floor.   Location was good with bus stop just outside the hotel, underground and overground 5 mins walk away, Westfield shopping center also 5 mins walk away. Many eating options nearby hotel.   Comfortable stay but only minus was the refrigerator,…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Value,First time at this hotel. Check in was pleasantly warm by the young trainee lady who was assisted by the check-in manager. Both individuals were very welcoming. Hotel entrances is very spacious warm ambient soothing relaxing and has a great public area. The Avenue bar lounge is also very inviting and relaxing with amples of space between tables and seats.  I had booked a double room on the 7th large. The room was large. The only thing I will say is that it was a bit tired and the bathroom height could have higher. When showering myself or my wife had to hold the shower head rather than have it within the holder. Other than that no complaints.   Service was excellent from all members of the staff and all staff members were also very pleasant and helpful.  For £97 per night…,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel and definitely a great value,"We stayed here to explore London for a few days and were pleasantly surprised.   While the Shepard's Bush Underground on the Central Line is right near by, it's worth remembering the buses that pass in front of the hotel as well. Getting there from Heathrow can be done with a single change to the 295 bus at Hammersmith. The 94 bus goes directly to Picadilly Circus (via Oxford Circus) and the 31 bus goes to Camden Town.  The hotel was decent with a well-kept lobby area. The rooms were adequate, but you get the feeling they were very nice about 15-20 years ago but, could probably use an update. An example is that there was nowhere to plug in phones by the night stands. The TV was nice but felt placed very after-the-fact and the bathroom is probably in need of a bit of a facelift…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff and area,"Best experience ever of a hotel in London, the area is wonderful and villagey, even though you're only a quick walk, bus or tube ride away from the touristy areas, room also great but best thing was the staff, every little question or request was acted on immediately and with friendliest manner, they really went above and beyond, especially reception manager Joe! We will stay here every time we're in London for sure.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excelent ,Visiting London for a week we found this hotel very comfortable. Breakfast and room service were very polite. Easy check in/out. There is a comercial center with plenty of restaurants and shops. The price very good. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great executive lounge, terrible customer service","Our check-in was a good sign the service was going to be poor, 3 people standing behind the desk barely talking to the guest trying to check-in.  We experienced poor to non-existent service throughout our stay in a few different areas of the house.  I would rate the hotel 2 stars if not for the great executive lounge.  The service there was incredible, other than the computer not working all 3 days of our stay.  The concierge was non-existent and the front door staff were not helpful the two times we had questions or needed a taxi.  If you're a Hilton member, try the Doubletree Hyde Park down Holland Ave as that is the better option.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tourist trip for London,"Used this hotel as a base,so that we can visit places of interests in London.The hotel was nice and clean and the staff were very helpful,plus the food and breakfast was very good with a good selection to suit all tastes. The only downside was the lack of free wi-fi, which is a must for all travellers.It appears you have to upgrade to be a HH member to get to use the wi-fi facility.Otherwise you have to pay £12.99 a day to get the wi-fi.This is ridiculous in my view as a lot of hotels I have used give you free wi-fi.One last point is the hardness of the mattress on the bed,which was uncomfortable for my back.I would have given this Hotel a higher rating,but the lack of free wi-fi let it down.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast,This hotel ideally place for touring London...the tube is just across a couple of roads. The rooms are fairly small but have all usual amenities. Beds were hard. The one thing I find ludicrous in this day and age is no free wifi...and at £12.99 a day very expensive. When I complained and said even Premier Inns have free wifi the receptionist looked down her nose and said you couldn't compare the two hotels...well I can! We had a couple of nights in one earlier in the year at Uxbridge which is not much further out on the tube so almost as convenient and the beds were more comfortable and breakfast on a par...so I know where I will be booking next time.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, reasonably priced","We booked it as a secret hotel through lastminute.com and were pleasantly surprised to get a Hilton for 100 GBP The location is just a 5 minute walk from Westfield Shopping centre.  The hotel is not a 5 star, but a great 4 star property. The staff were helpful and efficient. It was also convenient for us to go to heathrow in the morning.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small rooms,"Hotel is situated in a relatively calm spot in London, with the Westfield White City mall close by (4-5 mins walking distance), offering many amenities and shopping opportunities. Shepherd's bush underground station is also close by, making it somewhat easy to get to the major attractions (London Eye, Tower of London, British Museums) within 30-40 minutes by subway. Breakfast is expensive (20 pounds self serve, all you can eat), but there are many cheaper options at the mall. Rooms are clean and functional, but very small (maybe this is default for London as this was my first hotel stay) and it can get tight for two people to move about and keep large luggage within reach. Staff was friendly, professional and accommodating. I recommend for short to medium term stays if you can…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Most attentive staff I have ever seen anywhere,"I have never seen a staff so dedicated to the customers.  The managers are impeccable and will do everything to exceed expectations.  I don't know if this is how it is all over London, but this for sure is how it was here. A couple of hiccoughs here and there, but at least the management was understanding and overly accomodating.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Comfortable and clean rooms, nice personal, very delicious breakfast in restaurant, normal prices, and main plus!!! Location!!! it's not far from Westfield mall and subway,also it's near beautiful park ""Holland Park"".",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, and grubby. Not worth the money","Stayed on a Friday night, arrived late, waited 10 minutes to pick up a key after e-check-in. Went and found another member of staff to help. Was pleased to get a free bottle of water.   Room was cramped, tired, dirty carpets. I last stayed here about 15 years ago. Not much has changed.  No food available after 11pm so had to venture out to Shepherd's Bush.  Always entertaining but never feels comfortable or safe at that time of night.  Was disturbed by the cleaner at 8.35 next morning. On a Saturday. Please.   Will avoid. Much better hotels n that area and generally.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous ,"First time at this hotel. Said check in was 3pm we arrived just after 2 30 and were able to check in no problem. Room was nice, clean,upto date. T&C with enough milk jiggers for 2 brews. Staff all friendly. We ate in the bar food was lovely and staff helpful. We also had breakfast very good choice my son asked for 5 pancakes thus was no trouble. Not sure on London for places to go but this was ideally situated for us. Literally 5mins walk from shepherds bush. Definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a bit tlc but clean and comfortable,Arrived at the hotel and was booked in. Hotel was booked on a gold card but was not sure if breakfast was included and was not told otherwise.  Mini bar was empty and ordered soft drink package at £10 but was told they had none left. Bathroom could have done with a little maintenance small amount mold around bath and paper coming away. Bed was v.comfortable. staff where lovely and very helpful. Would definately return.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Standard middle of the road Hilton - nothing more, nothing less","The hotel seem to cater to business travellers first of all, that is the reason they have quite competitive rates for weekends (less than £100 per night). We stayed overnight from Sunday to Monday, with agenda to walk in Hyde Park, shop at Westfields and attend early morning appointment on Monday. Although tube was nearby, Hyde park was ~1 mile away so we walked. Westfield shopping is 5 minutes away.  When checking in I was asked if I prefer street view or ""quiet"" side and chose quiet side. View from the room was onto huge chiller units on the roof, but thankfully everything was quiet. I was told that as Hilton Gold we received upgrade to Deluxe room and can have free breakfast. This property do not allow access to executive lounge for Gold members unless you are either booked…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend tour!,"I booked this as a mystery hotel at a really reasonable price for a Saturday nights stay in June. I was pleasantly surprised at it being Hilton, and the hotel was as expected if a little tired around the edges!  Rooms were ok, clean and tidy and very comfy bed. Not exactly a romantic setting, but ok for a nights stay. Foyer is small but organised, staff pleasant and helpful. Breakfast is really good, great choice and well worth the extra. The only downside was the location, quite far from the tube as the nearest tube stop is only in use intermittently. As long as you have flat shoes, you should be ok!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Option For Staying Out Of Zone 1,"The location of this hotel is great, just minutes from Shepherds Bush station which is on the Central Line and also London Overground and National Rail services, the station is also adjacent to the Westfield Shopping Centre so there are a plethora of shops and restaurants just minutes from the hotel.  My stay was reasonably good, I had a Executive Room but to be honest I did not notice any difference in size or such than any other Hilton room I have stayed at, maybe the standard rooms at this hotel are especially small or something? The main positive of the room was there were sufficient plugs to charge all our smart electronics which is often not the case in hotels these days. The main negative was instead of the usual Hilton half sofa/chaise longue, we had some kind of weird…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for money in a great location,"Whilst not every review of the Hilton Kensington is entirely positive, our experience was great.   First off, for a nice location 5 minutes from Shepherds Bush station and in the heart of Chelsea and Kensington the price was more than fair. As a Hilton Honours member we were able to check in online and choose our room so that process was a doddle and we flew through.   The room was spacious enough for us with a comfy bed and two pillows. Complimentary water would have been nice but the Doubletree gives that if you want to pay more. Everything is clean and if things are tired in places that is to be expected in a building this age.   My only real criticism is the restaurant - we had a waiter try to rip us off by quoting whatever prices he liked for drinks so be sure to check with…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very obliging ,"Booked this hotel through superbreaks and not disappointed, we arrived into London earlier than the advised booking in time. I made a call to see if we could leave the bags, which wasnt a problem, really helpful reception staff,  we booked in and went off for the day, the room was very comfortable? Breakfast plentiful and Westfield shopping centre over the road. More than happy and would definitely return? And recommend",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Perfectly serviceable, but not a lot of personality","There are hundreds -probably thousands- of hotels in London. If this is the area that you need, it definitely will provide a very decent option. Everything works, but nothing is exceptional, other maybe than the smile of the lovely receptionist !",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected a bit better,"I stayed here the night before my wedding and also for our wedding night due to the proximity to our wedding reception which was at the Kensington Village. The staff on arrival were great and the reception area was bright and welcoming. The room itself was a little disappointing, very small and not the most comfortable I have ever stayed in. Even the corridors leading to the room looked in need of redecoration.  The breakfast was pretty good although the coffee wasn't anything special, good job there is an entrance straight into the Costa coffee store from the Hotel! Overall the stay was ok but I just felt it would be better due to it being a 'Hilton' Hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"My son and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We arrived early morning at the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful and offered us a better room if we were prepared to wait until the real check-in time.  The concierge was particularly helpful in assisting us with planning our day and supplying tickets to the Hop on  Hop off bus, which stops right in front of the hotel. When we got back to the hotel, we were given a room on one of the higher floors at the back of the hotel, which was great, because it is much quieter than the rooms facing the front of the hotel.  The room was not very large, but definitely comfortable for the two of us. It is located about 250m from Shepherd's Bush Station, which is really convenient.  I would recommend this hotel to fellow travellers.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for a short stay but service van be better,"We stayed one night in this hotel as location wise it was well situated! I stayed in other Hilton hotels before and as a Hilton member I was always getting an additional service but not this time! Our room was not ready but they told us they will call us to let us know when we can get in! They never did and we just waited for nothing! I asked if there are Hilton members rooms and they told me no but my friend managed to get it still! Very strange! In the end we were allocated a room by the cleaning service space which was extremely noisy all night and cleaning personnel was in and out nearly every hour! I do not think that Hilton members should be allocated those rooms and not when you have a , do not disturb . On a door and cleaning personnel still knocks and speaking loud…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bustling hotel in good location,"This was the first time I'd stayed for more one night in a Hilton, so I got a chance to test the housekeeping standard and I'm pleased to say it passed with flying colours, room tidied up and everything replenished while I was out. The only problem I had was not really the hotel's fault but on my first night there were a lot of late night arrivals, presumably off flights, with doors slamming and noise in corridor until 1am. Then at 5am it started again when the early flight catchers left, banging on doors trying to raise people and talking loudly in the corridors. The next night, however was nice and quiet and I finally got a good night's sleep in the very comfortable bed. Reasonable sized bathroom with shower, toiletries supplied and a well stocked tea tray with biscuits too.…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!!,"I stayed here for four nights with my two daughters, for business purposes, but thought it would be good to review regarding staying as a family. We moved here from Hilton Olympia as we were not happy there and they did not have any adjoining rooms. The accommodation had been arranged for us. They were very accommodating, we arrived in the evening & there was a problem with the payment card the company had used etc. The rooms were like luxury compared to Olympia! They had a clean and modern feel, although very small & the bathrooms could do with updating. It was lovely having the two rooms to move between. They brought up a travel cot and I was pleased to find they also brought a small duvet to put in the bottom as a lot of hotels just give you the hard base thing!  Another…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Missing breakfast!,"On the two days of my stay I breakfasted as an individual diner, my table was prematurely cleared whilst I re-visited the buffet. After the first occasion I mentioned it to staff as I left the restaurant, and on the second occasion mentioned it as I was seated at the beginning. My table was spectacularly cleared whilst I topped my coffee but the senior staff were most helpful when I commented on this. However, this issue alone during my only two restaurant visits, upset my total approval of this excellent hotel!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall - I was very impressed,"This was our first stay at the Hilton London Kensington  and I'd definitely consider a return visit.  The welcome at check in was just the tonic after a long and stressful journey so first impressions were very good.  I had signed up for the Hilton HHonors membership which meant we got free wi-fi and details were given at check in.  More on the wi-fi later.    Our room was sufficient for our needs but if I had been staying for a week or more then I think I would have liked a bigger room.   Although only a double bed, it was very comfortable and I slept fine.  My room guest did have an issue with some noise from the corridors but I wasn't disturbed by this or the traffic noise from outside.  I see traffic noise has been an issue for other guests.  We didn't try to open the window…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One Night Stay - Birthday Treat,"On our arrival we were informed the executive lounge was included which was a nice surprise (the room had been booked as a birthday treat by my children). The room was tired and some light bulbs required changing. The location was excellent for the Olympia Exhibition Centre. The executive lounge was very pleasant on the afternoon of our arrival with complimentary drinks and snacks. However, the breakfast served in the lounge was at best look warm. The service in the hotel bar was extremely slow. Having said this, it was a lovely experience albeit a little expensive.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth a stay...,"I stayed in Hilton for this month for around 10days, it was a wonderful experience. Very warm and friendly staff. Really helpful. Breakfast has a lot of variety and the best part of my breakfast was the, Nutella muffin...Will surely recommend it to everone.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"The hotel is ideally located, about a 5 minute walk to the tube. Breakfast was great with a very large selection to choose from. We arrived at the hotel 3 hours before the check in time and planned to leave our bags with reception, the very helpful receptionist checked us in early so we could go straight to the room.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great overnight stay , great price ..no brainer","Cheap overnight on site parking ..good bar with helpful staff ..right by the Westfeld Mall if you like shopping ..1 mile from the Eventim Apollo if a shows on .. Loads of nice little places near by ..I can recommend Cacciari's Italian which is £7 in a cab and a mile and a half away .. The decor  of the rooms is a bit tired ..but it's a busy London hotel ..the shower works ..the tv works , the bed was comfy in my King room ..and the air con just managed to scrape through and keep me cool .. So for the price ..it's a no brainer .. If my wife was staying it would be a one night stop over max as its not really luxurious ..but as a thrifty overnight guest staying alone for a show ..it was perfect .",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very impressed with the staff,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for two nights, checking in Friday and leaving Sunday, with breakfast. Our executive room on the 7th floor was very comfortable, good air con, and reasonably comfy, king sized bed.   Breakfast consisted of a very good selection of cooked and continental options, although I think the staff struggled at times with replenishing the items that ran out during the busy period between about 09:30 and 10:30. it was a busy weekend in August, though. We asked for two poached eggs that arrived p e r f e c t l y cooked and promptly. Seriously, well done.  The highlight for us was the general attitude of the staff. Without exception, every single member of staff that we encountered were friendly, attentive, extremely helpful and generally just positive and…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,have to disagree with some of the poor reviews I've seen,"stayed at this hotel last weekend. I managed to get an excellent rate by booking direct on the hilton website which was further discounted as I'm a member of their loyalty club. this brought the price down to much lower than comparable hotels in the centre of London ( believe me I checked ) the location is great. 5 min walk to Holland street tube or sheperds bush tube/overground trains and westfield shopping. the rooms I thought were pretty good as was the lobby/ bar area and the breakfast was excellent. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would happily stay here again the next time I'm on London. top tip - join the hilton loyalty club. it takes 2 mins, is free and you get best rates,free WiFi and earn points eventually for a free stay",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Surprise!,"Went to London with my SO for vacation. This hotel is about a 7 minute walk from the Shepherd's Bush Tube station which is a bit out of the way from central London. We got into London from St. Pancras and it took us about 25 minutes to get to the hotel, so not too bad. The surrounding area consisted of a Mall (just outside the Tube station) which had a grocery store and pharmacy inside of it so you don't have to travel very far for shopping or some essentials. We booked this hotel with Hilton points as I considered it a very good redemption value. The staff was super nice and friendly at check-in which I always appreciate about a hotel. Because I am a Diamond member, I was given Executive Lounge access and got an upgrade to a ""Deluxe"" room I think. The rooms were fairly spacious…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton kensington,"This hotel has wonderful staff who really do their best to make you welcome, sadly the interior lets the brand down as it is very dated, worn and well past it's best, not what you would expect in a hilton hotel, it's quite sad really no more than a glorified travel lodge would best describe it, this is very hard for me to say as I love the hilton brand so come on hilton step up to the plate your far better than this. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired Rooms,I really wanted to give this a 4 but I couldn't.  Positives: 1.  Location - The area is nice and lots of dining options / good pubs and it is well serviced by bus which is located outside the door literally.  From here you can get into the city in 30 min.  There is also an overground station within 8 min walk. 2.  Staff - The staff were great and checkin was simple enough.  If you are a HH member you can checkin online. 3.  Rooms were a good size 4.  Nice lobby area and has a business center / fitness etc.  Negatives. 1.  The rooms felt dated and just didn't blow me away. 2.  I had to make a call to another room as I had booked 2 and I could hardly hear as the line quality was so bad. 3.  There was an almost stale smoke smell in the room.  We were on the 4th floor and we may…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, handy location","Enjoyed 7 night stay, from beginning to end enjoyable. Nice room, clean and well serviced, friendly and helpful staff. In good location close to Shepherds Bush rail and underground intersection, convenient for City Centre.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, tired hotel","The hotel is in a good location, situated about a 5 minute walk from Westfield shopping centre / Shepherd's Bush tube and about 10 minutes in the other direction to Holland Park tube. Fine for us as we like to explore, but not so good if you have mobility issues.  The hotel itself is a bit tired. On check in we were given a tiny room that had suspect stains all over the carpet and walls (very gross). We phoned downstairs from the room to ask if we could change rooms and were told we would get a call back, 10 mins later we still hadn't heard back so trudged back down to reception with the cases. Not a good start.   The staff member on reception was very understanding and changed us to an exec level room with lounge access, although this was after my husband explained we were…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, but too much noise","Picked up a decent rate via Hilton for an overnight work stay. Location is okay, being only a five-minute walk from Westfield and the Underground. Note – it’s cheaper to park at Westfield and walk to the hotel if you don’t want to pay the ridiculous parking fees at the hotel.  I have stayed here before and the hotel does always feel pretty classy when you walk in and all of the staff are well trained, polite and professional. On check-in, as HH members, we were given complimentary water, which I always appreciate.  The standard rooms are just that. If you’ve stayed in a Hilton before you’ll have no surprises. Not a massive amount of space to move around, but comfortable enough to spend time in. A really decent sized television in a relatively small room (although I didn’t watch…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Weird policy, not flexible customer service ","As a premise, this review is not about about the hotel itself, but about their reservation service, whom I have just had a conversation with by phone. I am a HHonor member and I am currently staying at another hotel of the chain (Hilton Bankside, which I will review later for sure giving a 5 because everything here is absolutely perfect). Being in need to extend my stay and being the hotel I am staying at fully booked I decided to try with the hotel in Kensington as the staff here at the other hotel told me it's a good location and a good hotel. I have checked online and they have availability for a twin superior room, which is the same room I have here (I have a twin executive room to be precise, anyway, a twin room).  And here they allowed me to stay with my 7yrs old daughter…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Avoid if you can,"If you have to stay there for business so be it. Good London hotels are not easy to find. As a couple the prepaid Executive Suite was very poor, staff communication was weak and the food in the Executive club very ordinary. We negotiated our way out after two nights and will never return. One particular member of staff was downright rude but generally I felt they were doing the best they could.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average and rather disappointing for a Hilton property,"Arrived early with the intention of dropping a bag off and go out.  At check in was informed that because I booked via Expedia I could not use my HHonors card/account to claim points (first time i have heard of this).  Second, Hilton's website beats all others or they will refund the difference, so i should not have used Expedia.    The rules (from HH): On-property benefits are NOT awarded in the following circumstances: Reservations booked through a non-Hilton Worldwide-direct booking channel or a non-designated GDS, third party website or any other channel, Rates available on “opaque” websites where the hotel brand and specific hotel are not known until the booking is made, or Third party hotel packages or travel packages not booked through one of the eligible channels.  On…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a leafy suburb,Nice standard of Hilton hotel in London (much more impressive than Edinburgh!)  Nice enough room (still only 1 tiny bottle of shower gel for 2 people though?) and the paper we asked for never arrived but staff were pleasant and breakfast was fabulous!,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location with caring and supportive staff,"Just had 4 nights in the hotel in room 7012 on the 7th floor with a view towards the trees opposite and the northern lights of London Hiltons provide wonderful service and for us the first time to stay away from Paddington - we are sold. Easy walk to the underground and over ground rail, cleaner less pressured environment close to the Shepherds Bush shops, hotels and park and for the avid shopper even the Westfield was a bonus  Great breakfasts, good meals, wonderful Hilton beds and a Concierge Service that many other hotels should emulate We will be back ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awesome Hotel ,"Amazing location! This Hotel is super close to the Tube station Shepard's Bush (3-5 minute walk) so getting around London is a breeze and very cost effective. Close to some cool local pubs in Holland Park. The hotel is always clean, rooms immaculate, and staff always friendly and eager to help tourists. I recommend! Also, when people ask me about my trip I always highlight this wonderful hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,TERRIBLE ,First Room brown stains on carpet moved to new room then found stains on sheet. Then when having a shower the shower head flew off hitting my foot had to go to hospital. Can't say I enjoyed my experience okay they waived the bill but still recovering from the foot injury.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A week in the Kensington Hilton Hotel,"Luxurious and spaceous and a calm refuse in a bustling city.  Myself and my fourteen year old daughter delighted in our lovely room with it's many comforts and features and made it our home for the week we stayed.  Our plan was to see as much of London as we could so the location was perfect, a five minute walk to the tube station, only ten minutes into central London so everything we needed there.  What was also lovely was the quietness of the area even though we had cinemas, restuarants and shops on our doorstep too.  We slept well and loved the comfort and cleanliness of the room and of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad attac k of Londonitus,"I suppose, as with most hotels, there is good and bad. The hotel is well presented and plenty of space in public areas. Staff professional and courteous. Check in was a bot slow not enough staff on check in.  The room itself was very small, it's OK for a couple of days stay but I wouldn't like to be there for very long. The view distinctly lacking over the plant room and piping of inner courtyard. Bathroom tiny and just about adequate. This wasn't what I expected from a world class leading hotel chain.  The main issue I had was that once there everything had a charge (Londonitus). Breakfast £20 which is outrageous in this day and age. A 5 minute walk takes you to Westfield Mall where you cab get a full breakfast for £10 and plenty of choice of other options. There is a charge…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight with Friends,I booked on 'late rooms' and got a good rate. We were visiting the 'Beer Festival' so it's quite convenient for Olympia - about a 10 minute walk!  The hotel staff were very good at check-in etc Breakfast was very nicely presented and plentiful. Take notice of their advice and get down early to the restaurant or you'll be queueing! Our twin room was not over-large but ok for one night. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Beautiful property ,Very nice location...Staff is very helpful and humble ...  You are just away fromOxford street take 94no bus just outside the hotel and you will reach Oxford street in less than 10min ...  Love the breakfast ...   Hotel spa was very nice ...  You will get best quality of wine in hotel...   ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprised and amazed!,"After reading a few disappointed reviews online, I was nervous about my hotel choice. Single Female visiting London for the first time.  Arrived at my hotel ( short walking distance from tube and Westfield London!) and was amazed by the service and the room. Breakfast was superb and a must do!!!  Highly recommend this hotel!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Trip,"We really enjoyed this trip to the Hilton Holland Park Avenue, the service was great. Also, the staff helped make our stay a pleasure. Getting to the hotel and into the transport system was so easy, and we will be back.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location and good food,"spent 8 days at the hotel with the family. I was impressed with the food and the staff friendliness. stayed in three categories of rooms and all three were different. ill advise that families with children should call ahead to ensure that they are give big room. The breakfast is a day starter so i recommend you don't miss it. i forgot to add fresh. vegetarians are well taken care of. if your a hilton honors member, the better because you have more options and access to the executive lounge at your your disposal. The hotel is neat, kid friendly and easy to move around. westfield mall is a 10 min walk and you have tons of restaurant and shopping outlets to choose from. One bus from the hotel entrance takes you to all the central attraction too",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Pleasant Change,"Compared to previous stays in London it was good to book into a professionally run and friendly hotel. A couple of minor issues were sorted in a quick and hassle free manner. Reception staff, both at checking in and out, were particularly impressive.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay again,Friendly and helpful staff with special mention to concierge and bar manager. Main negative was that wi fi was not free. Bus and train nearby into centre of London was a bonus.Good surrounds. Large variety of foods in buffet breakfast.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,three day break,"the hotel was very nice inside. receptionists helpful. the room we had was looking a little tired and needed a bit of a rerfurb. first night our window would not close and being on the front of hotel traffic very noisy. we reported this to reception at 10.50 in the evening and waited 20 mins for someone to come and look at it, only to be told he couldn't fix it, so we didn't have a very good night at all. the window was fixed the next morning, the following night was better. breakfast very good although not very well managed.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thank you for a lovely nights stay,"The staff here are helpful and friendly and I felt welcomed from the moment we entered the hotel, extra pillows and towels were delivered to the room within ten minutes. We had a room on the 7th floor which was a good size and really clean. The breakfast had a lot of great choices and everything was really fresh.  We were advised that the hotel was fully booked and staff recommended getting to breakfast early but at no time did I feel rushed or like we were in a hotel that was a full capacity. The hotel is well placed for getting into central London and with Westfield within a five minute walk there is a lot of food options if you don't want to eat at the hotel.  All in all a great visit and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant value ,"The price for a room for 3 in August, including breakfast was fantastic.  Breakfast was great - kids would have liked more choices of cereal, but pastries and hot choices were terrific, and the coffee surprisingly good (a self-service machine). Holland Park is a lovely residential area in Kensington and the hotel is situated on the edge of it, near the Westfield shopping centre. Location isn't great for the tube (9/10 minutes from Holland Park Avenue or Shepherds Bush), but there is a bus stop in front of the hotel. Nearest cafes are beside the underground stations, so breakfast definitely recommended! Only complaint was the housekeeping who knock very loudly the whole way down the corridor.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"You can't pick your relatives, but you can pick a Hotel","This hotel has been reviewed many times. Some new insights.  Yes we know about the size of the rooms, the showers, the closeness to the transportation system. I want to talk about the friendly staff.  From entrance to front desk to food personnel, all were trying to do the Hilton motto, ""Make it Right."" I like chains, because if you have an issue, they are empowered to fix it. The location cannot be beat. It is near a huge mall, the bus stop is at the front door and it is a bit out of the madness of central London. Food quality was good.  The executive lounge is a must. It really eases your day to relax in the lounge. The room has one 110/220 socket and many British style plugs.  Bring an adapter. There is no deception, if you read the description of the rooms and size of…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The hotel is quite Ok and it is very well the located, close to Shepherd's Bush station and Westfield mall!   Breakfast is quite ""English"" with beans, eggs, mushrooms, sausages and many other things! In general I can say that it is quite good and the attention is always nice!  The rooms are not too big but they are fine and comfortable.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Executive Room,"We stayed here one night for an appointment in Central London early next morning. . Although we are Hilton Honours Gold members for many years we always book the Executive room that  we  require, never relying on upgrades.  Upgrades are what happens  to other people, we are always given just the category booked & 2 small bottles of water!    Loyalty rewards very poor in our opinion.   The room was so small and very dated, the bathroom tiny with a shower over the bath absolutely hate this and one of the reasons we pay extra to book an Executive room is for a walk in shower.  If you need to use the toilet during your stay, keep you elbows tucked in or you will have bruises from bath & vanity unit.  When you have showered you have to go into the bedroom to dry yourself as there is…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good value ,"We booked here on a late deal and have to say we were very impressed. Room was spacious, spotlessly clean with good bed and pillows. Staff were very good and extremely helpful. Only complaint was when booking we were not told it was room only and even when we checked in we were none the wiser until we went down for breakfast in the morning.  The tube is only a few minutes walk away so location was good as well. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Welcoming,"Stayed here with family having booked four deluxe rooms for a one night stay on return from holiday in France.  We had also booked a visit to The State Rooms at Buckingham Palace the next morning. Our check in was very easy and made even more pleasant by the friendly welcome from reception staff. I don't remember the name but I think he was Australian by his accent. We had a very pleasant idle chat whilst completing check in and he put a smile on all of our faces.  Our rooms were as expected for London , small but well equipped, a little worn around the edges but perfectly adequate. I did wonder how small the standard rooms might be though. We were exhausted after a long day of travelling and slept soundly. Breakfast next morning was really lovely with every conceivable…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and a good location,Our room was quiet and faced out on from the side of the building . The duvet was sensible for very hot weather so we were not boiled. Close to a tube line and a fantastic ice cream shop further up the street towards Kensington.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Experience,"i hughly recommend this venue. The staff cannot do enough for you, the rooms are very clean and comfortable and the lication is great. Short walk to the underground and above ground railway and the hop on hop off bus is across the road. All in all a very good experience ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Everything you expect from a hotel.,"Spent 4 nights with my family. It's a nice hotel på nothing extra. You have to pay alot for wifi and breakfast (the breakfast was nice, but yet what you expect from a full breakfast) The rooms were quite spaceious. Teamaking fas. The best with the hotel was that it was very close to Shephards bush station and to Westfield shopping center (and quite a few restaurants). If I found a good deal I would choose this hotel again",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor standard room","Hotel great location, 2-3mins walk to Shepherd's Bush underground station, breakfast exceptional very good choice and food very tasty, room poor standard not like pictures on website, very dated needs a refurbishment,",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, pleasant hotel","The hotel is in a great location, close to Westfields shopping centre. The room we had was small but clean and modern and the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast at the hotel was excellent overall a very nice stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hilton Hotel,"Only stayed one night after meeting friends in Kensington, Good location plenty of shops and restaurants nearby,Staff very friendly and efficient, room very good spacious and all the usual amenities, very comfortable bed, near Shepherds Bush tube and Westfield shopping mall only minutes away, short walk to Holland Park and Notting Hill and Bayswater, would definately stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good 24/7 hotel with excellent transport links,"Have been a regular visitor down the years and service is usually good. Good choice of food options from room service to full restaurant. Decent gym,sauna and steam room available free to guests. Handy buses and tubes to central London, which is also a pleasant one hour stroll via Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. Hotel is just across the road from Westfield shopping centre. Top tip - park in Westfield for £8 a day...much cheaper than car park under the Kensington Hilton.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible room,Right next to the elevator upgraded as a diamond member but worse room we have ever had carpet filthy furniture tired and door frame broken so had to barge door every time to get in.  Did complain but it was Un fixable,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst Hiltons I have been to,"This is one of the worst stays I have had in a Hilton hotel. When we arrived to check in (at around 11pm), we had to wait for twenty minutes while the only member of staff on reception chatted mindlessly to a family who were asking about things to do in London - surely something for the concierge? When she did get to us, I saw she was a trainee and yet she was there alone. It took her a long time to find the booking and then when I asked if an upgrade was possible she said it wasn't. I then asked for access to the executive lounge for breakfast and was told no - usually as a gold member I get this. I asked her to check. She did that and returned with both an upgrade and access to the executive lounge. More faffing ensued before she eventually issued our key cards. The room is…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal,It could not of been any more ideal if they tried. Maybe a 3 minute walk to Shepards bush underground which is situated on the central line. About a 8 minute walk to Westfield shopping centre.     Free wifi. Breakfast was buffet and was fabulous . Very easy to deal with. Would highly recommend and will definitely be back again ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An 'accessible' overnight stay,"My friend and I stayed here as we had BST tickets at Hyde Park nearby.   Parking was very easy (and free due to my friend being a Blue Badge holder) although we had been told at the time of booking that disabled parking was on a first-come-first-served basis.  Nagivating my friend's manual wheelchair through the narrow doors into the building and into the disabled access lift was a challenge, despite being well-practised. The tiny lift could only fit us and the wheelchair in it so it was just as well we only had overnight bags. The button had to be held continuously to move us up to the reception floor which was inconvenient.  Although we couldn't check in as we were early the staff (Sam) were very polite and friendly. When we returned after some lunch Sam helped us up to our…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for our purposes,Not the cheapest hotel but well-placed for our visit to Opera Holland Park. The staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clan and tidy with a comfortable bed and a decent - though not perfect - bathroom. I would have expected a shower cubicle rather than an over-the-bath at  the price I paid. Breakfast was very good. I particularly liked the 6.00pm canapes and drink available in the Executive Lounge. A thoughtful touch.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"My Wife and I booked this hotel not only as it was our birthdays in July, but also because we had booked to go see the great Runrig in concert at Shepherds bush empire, I have to say I like the Hilton hotels and everyone I have stayed in has been excellent, and this one is just the same excellent, from the moment we checked in to when we checked out everything ran smoothly the staff were excellent in all departments, we had the executive room and everything we had pre ordered was waiting for us, loved it, the hotel is welcoming and the executive lounge was fab, must say breakfast was great plentiful, we will be returning again to this hotel even though we stayed only one night we did pack a lot in and had a great time here, the only thing my wife forgot was she seen the ducks…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"Hilton London Kensington is a very good hotel in a very good location. Hilton standard rooms, staff highly professional, great breakfast, good bar and restaurant. I enjoyed very much my stay and will likely stay again there next time I visit London.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,JULY 2016 STAY,"We have stayed at the hotel several times now and have always found the general service standards excellent. We were sorry to hear that the Bar Manager, who always greeted us by name, has taken a new post elsewhere and we wish him the very best of luck for the future. We shall be returning to the hotel later in the year.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great,"Hotel staff were very helpful, but the room left a lot to be desired,  the bathroom door would not shut. It was clean but could have done with a lick of paint. No plug sockets near the bed and all other sockets were in use. The breakfast was good but first coffee was just about warm but the second was hot.  Close to the tube station and Westfield shopping centre but just on the border of Kensington. Have stayed at other Hilton hotels but won't bother again as it's over priced the stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dreadful afternoon tea experience,"Had an afternoon tea there on a Saturday for 4 people. We had said weeks in advance that one person did not eat read meat, and another did not eat cheese, so requested this was borne in mind for the sandwich fillings. We paid £20 per head which I thought was fairly expensive (maybe not so much in London, but even so - not cheap) so was expecting something special.   First of all, there was a problem that one guest preferred coffee rather than tea (I didn't see that this should have mattered), then sadly it degenerated much further. Hot drinks arrived fairly promptly, but after 20 mins, still no food, eventually food for 2 people arrived, but no more. In the end I had to speak to the manager who took everything away and we were served from scratch all over again. We received our…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor stay,From the moment we tried to collect our keys the experience was poor. Had complimentary drinks on arrival but limited choice. The room was dirty and screaming children in executive lounge put me off staying again.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Difference in billing: Invoice Vs Amex Card,"It was one of my business Trip.I stayed 5 nights.Hotel is in very good location.Room Service is good. I paid the bill with my AMEX card. Later when I checked my AMEX statement there was an additional charge which is not reflecting on my original invoice :( . I wrote few mails to them but so far no response which is really disappointing. So what I can do is to inform the same to my company and also to my colleagues. In case if some payment mistakenly not charged by the Hotel, it could have been charged later with my permission but here was not the case. So I should think whether to choose Hilton again or not for my future visits.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Hotel Experience,London was great on its own but hotel experience sucked. Was given a room at level 6 and noticed that it was really warm in the room. Thought it was because I had just checked in and the AC needed some time to cool. Did not really bother about it as I was going out immediately upon checking in and thought it will be cool by the time I get back. Suffered couple hours of sleep first night in the summer heat then called to get the hotel to send someone to fix it following day. Fixed and they told me to wait 30 mins to let it run first. Waited a while then left to Westfield's and came back. It was more than an hour but still warm! Called them again and they told me they'll change a room for me but I've to wait till someone checks out because rooms are all occupied and they still…,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Time to renovate,"I stay in this hotel generally when I am in London.  It never changes from interior. Time to change has come. You need to renovate it from scratch. Rooms, corridors should be renovated. A/C in room is too noisy. The bathroom should be renovated, it is old. Skip the room and go down. The reception. I waited 10 minutes on the check in dest before someone came. Strange :) There was nobody from front desk. OK, finally we asked concierge and the guy called by phone and receptionist came. Then the next day I asked lady on reception (here name is Charlene Renaud) to scan some documents. She did it with no problem and sent me via email. And I asked here how to go to Wokingham from Hotel the next day and gave her a ZIP code of the address I need to be. She printed out the route. But the…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happy at the Hilton,My stay at the Hilton with my spouse was very enjoyable. We were pampered by the staff. You could not ask for a better location if you want a large diverse restaurant option. The area was walker friendly.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Convenient Location,"I stayed in this hotel with my wife for 7 days.   I found it reasonably central and close to a tube station Shepherd's Bush. The rooms are aged but still comfortable. Some noise from air conditioning made it necessary for us to move to another room.  Breakfast was part of the deal and that was wholesome.  Customer service is good.   Those staying here should be weary of the fact that if you are planning to take an early morning flight, you cannot rely on the trains as the station does not open early enough.  You would have to book a taxi through the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Cheap rate, room a little tired - good for the right price","We used this hotel as part of a weekend long stay in London. We have breakfast included (which was nice) and the lobby, staff and foyer of the hotel was great. However, the double room was fairly tired and really small. This was the cheapest rate for the hotel but I think it would have been nice to have a bit more space for the price.  In addition, the top floor (where we stayed) had some quite random noises, particularly the air conditioning. Coupled with the creaky bed it wasn't the best nights sleep.  For the right price this hotel is fine. I reckon the larger rooms would be better but these obviously come at a higher tariff.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Security Protocol Failure,"I travel frequently for work, actually in a Hilton in CA as I type this.  The reason for my terrible rating was during the last hour of my stay at the Hilton London Kensington a couple weeks ago when I experienced a disturbing occurrence.  It was 11:30am I had just dressed when I heard a noise at the door thinking it was housekeeping I was saying hello to a gentleman on the other side of the door telling me I was in his room.  Obviously that was not the case.  This gentleman was issued my room as he checked into the hotel.  The poor man was so embarrassed.  As one can image I was frightened and disturbed at what was happening and thought to myself if he had come in 3 minutes prior I would have been in a towel and not dressed.  At checkout 30 minutes later I informed the women…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shabby Uncomfortable Rooms,"Room quality - The room was small but that is to be expected of Central london hotel. The carpet at the entrance of the room was badly stained, not a the best sight to be greeted with! The room did contain a mini fridge however this appeared to be unoperational, however even if it was operational I would not want to place anything in there due to mold growing around the seems. The air conditioning worked to the extend of blowing air around the room and failing at cooling it in the slightest. After a very sweaty nights sleep, I left a note for housekeeping in the morning about the air conditioning. Unfortunately I was in a rush so didn't have the time to report it to reception. Upon my return from work I had found my note had been discarded with no acknowledgement or remediation…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Helpful and Friendly Staff in Comfortable Facilities,"The rooms were functional and comfortable. Take note the tub is high so you need to hold on to climb in. Both the bar and front desk staff were very kind and helpful, particularly when I had an emergency to deal with about 2/3 through my trip. The breakfast buffet is good but gets crowded early (I only ate it twice bc it's a lot of food and cost for everyday). Train station is very close and convenient. I liked the location because it was out of the bustle of the city. Would definitely stay again if I visit. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"Excellent location, good service, breakfast very good, friendly staff, nice decoration, spacious rooms ..sure will visit again. I was there for 5 nights on holiday with my brother and had the best time ever!!!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","This hotel has a great location.  It is not city center but it is close to the tube and bus lines.  It is also fairly close to Heathrow Airport (it appeared that Singapore Airlines used this hotel for its pilots and flight attendants).  In addition, it is close to a new amazing Westfield Shopping Mall (very upscale Burberry, Jimmy Choo etc).  This is a serviceable hotel.  It is not what you would expect when you see the Hilton name ( thus the three star rating).  The rooms are ok.  They are clean.  The hallways and lobby are worn.  It has computers for guests and a very helpful concierge.  I suggest including breakfast.   The breakfast is plentiful and delicious!!  Well worth the cost.   ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Looked better in the pictures than reality,So we really had our hopes up for a Hilton (!) hotel. Got a bit disappointed with the room. Old fashioned and worn out interior. Damages in the bathroom interior and everything was just a bit mediocre. The staff though was great and cleaning as well. We did not have breakfast there. Long walk to closest tube station. Next time we will book a hotel closer to the tube. Very busy streets surrounding the hotel.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A regular hotel,"I stayed at this hotel for two nights and I think I expected more than I found there considering that it'a a 4 stars hotel and it's Hilton. Why I did't like it so much was because of the bathroom which was quite old and not very clean. The food was also under expectations.  On the other side, the hotel is located close to a tube station and close to Westfield Mall.   I would recommend it for no more than 1 or 2 nights.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but great staff,"An older Hilton located outside the city centre. Bus stop in front of the hotel and Underground (Central Line) Shepherd's Bush a 5 minutes walk away. Westfield Mall next to the Underground.   Rooms are very small (I knew that and it will not influence my rating), but clean. You see that the rooms are a little bit older and a renovation at some point in the future would be good.  Breakfast is good and as gold member complimentary. Executive Lounge nice and above average what I experienced so far.  Staff is great. Always friendly and willing to help.   Can be a bargain for London (£ 80) sometimes, but I have also seen it for up to £ 300.   Would stay there again when I am in London, but would also check other hotels if the price is right.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,stayed for Wimbledon visit,"The hotel was busy and the staff were very friendly, the executive lounge offered a good array of nibbles and there was also ample to drink, the gym was small but adequate and the sauna was clean, we stayed for two nights and were quite well located to Holland Park and it did not take long to get to Wimbledon either. I would definately stay again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Horrible Rooms,"The rooms have several issues. The shower fan didn't work, the refrigerator didn't work and the AC worked sometimes. Maintenance said the shower was working but the vent to outside was to far from the room never BS. The fan was clogged with dust and debris and was never cleaned or probably even inspected.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,"Hotel is in disrepair. Basic accommodations do not work. Select a different hotel. Not worth the money. Not worth any money. Cable TV does not work, A/C does not work. Doors do not fully open (hazard). Rooms cramped. Not enough electricity. Not all outlets worked.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended hotel – location and service makes it different ,"This is a great hotel, rooms are good, Location is perfect and has a great team with an OK rate and really minor issues that can be fixed easily.   It's a go for hotel if the rate if you are ok with the rate and I would highly recommend it.   Just make sure you note my observation about the credit card bit and the food quality and room service to avoid disappointment.   The Hotel •	Checking in: it was smooth and staff were helpful and recognised my membership.   •	Staff: very helpful - the whole team were great but Mr. Rachid at the concierge desk was really exceptional, I asked him about my package if it has arrived and it did not, without telling me, he kept tracking the package online on my behalf and made sure it gets to me before leaving the hotel!    •	Location: Perfect,…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in nice area,Enjoyed my stay here. I got a good deal on the price and it was well located for the things that we wanted to do. Bed was comfortable and both the room and the bathroom were a good size. Service was good and I liked the fact that they had lots of elevators to the rooms so the waiting time was minimised.Plenty of nice cafes nearby to get breakfast.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very average at best ,"Stayed Tuesday night on business, London was boiling hot, so relived air con in room was working. Room itself was ok, bit tired and beyond small.....you could just walk around the bed!. Bed was of good quality as was linen. Corridors upstairs carpets were filthy,  used room service trays left outside doors, just smelt stale and dirty. Concierge was really unhelpful in helping me find a cab so I just found one myself after a long hot walk. Wouldn't stay again unless desperate ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as good as i thought,"I have stayed here before for business and it was excellent. Not this time though, room was not as i would expect for the money, breakfast room was busy but no one clearing tables, no milk in any dispensers even though someone pointed it out it then took 10 minutes to sort out. Some guests loud and swearing in public areas at 7pm when children were around which seemed to be acceptable to staff at the door?? You sort of expect it in a budget hotel but not at a Hilton.Staff were very helpful and friendly when we spoke to them.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rude staff in the breakfast department,"Right, I stayed in this hotel with my gf just for a night about a week ago. As you would expect, everything very standardised, you always know what to expect  Usually I don't rate hotels and places but it kind of shocked me something. While queuing for breakfast, there was this British young girl which was at a small desk checking whether people have it included or not. My and my gf turn... I'm telling her our breakfast is included as I knew and I was told from the reception. She's giving me a very rude look telling me ' go check and sort it out with the reception and come back'  Sorted it, went to have breakfast and was discussing with my gf what a lack of respect this girl was having.  Reception.... Great bunch of people and all kind and helpful",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight at the Hilton London Kensington.,"We just stayed overnight (15/07/2016) at this very nice and comfortable hotel.  The room was really tidy.  Staff in general very friendly and polite !  We enjoyed a great breakfast, English as well as continental. Overall : excellent ! Definitely we would stay again at the Hilton Kensington when visiting London.  Highly recommended !",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good located in West area,"i was for 1 night in this hotel and had good time. The room was large like all other hilton hotels, clean as well. It is comfortable  if you travel by car, the have a parking place on site. The breakfast is reach and various. The staff is friendly and professional. The prices are a little high.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great weekend,"What a great weekend. We went to this Hotel with friends who are diamond members so we where upgraded into An executive room and the use of the executive lounge, which was fantastic, free lunch time nobles and drinks and then later a few drinks and nobles before we went out, the Hotel was nice all around only one complaint was the room was not the cleanest, I had to wipe down the door in the bathroom as there was stains on it and also the bathroom floor was dirty, but apart from that it was nice, internet signal in the room was good, so overall the Hotel was great and will go back ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never agaib,"I stayed here in room 1041 with my partner for one night as a birthday treat so we could go to watch a west end show and have a hotel at the end of the night..firstly on arrival the room was very basic not at all what I would expect for a "" Hilton"" 4 star hotel..the room was tiny with no bath in bathroom only a shower the view from our room was of a generator the sink plug did not fully close so partner didn't find it easy to have a shave and the bin in bathroom was missing a foot pedal...but as we wasn't going to be in the room very much I wasn't too worried..until I came home that night looking forward to a long sleep as soon as I layed my head down I was disturbed by the climate control ( directly facing the bed) flashing green  light constantly and a terrible constant noise…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel experience,The hotel is well situated for bus/tube/overland.  It provides excellent service with very good facilities.  Staff are attentive and courteous.  Parking on-site; reasonably priced for London.  Close to Westfield Centre and restaurants.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant hotel and good breakfast ,We have used this particular hotel many times in the past so it offers no surprises. Generally I book this and get reasonable deals which make it good value for money and this time was no exception. Good location if you want to explore the west area of London and down to the river.  ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good,"Stayed for 1 night. Hotel is in very convenient location, close to Westfield and Central tube station. Check in was great, gentleman in reception was very friendly.   The strange thing is that there is a fridge in the room but its empty so it doesnt work as a mini bar but its not working as a fridge either. Room was spacious, clean linen, carpet bit dirty.   Lady at breakfast reception was very unpleasant. We asked table for 2 and she pointed out that breakfast is not included so we have to go to reception to ""sort this out"". She was rude to other guests too. Other lady in reception was very nice and sorted this issue very quickly. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reliable quality but still pricey,"I have used this hotel for all my business trips to London as it is close to my regular client's offices. Whilst this is convenient for me the hotel is at the pricey end of other hotels in the area. That said, it is a well designed hotel with a modern interior and seems to be very well staffed. As a HHonours member the welcome is generally warm and, on this occasion, I was upgraded to an Executive Room - partly because I had previously commented on the high prices for Room Service items and on the WiFi system. The WiFi system this times was great but Room Service prices are still excessive - eg. £16 for a Chicken Masala.  The Executive Room is a pleasant space if a little cramped but certainly better than the basic room I used on my last visit. With the Executive Room, breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A well located hotel with the same quality one expects from the Hilton brand,The hotel has an excellent location with the Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush market a few minutes walk away! On the other hand Chic Holland Park and Notting Hill are right up the street! Staff are generally helpful and the breakfast is simply great!,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasure  to Recommend!,"We were looking at 3 hotels in the same area and decided on the Hilton.    What an excellent choice we made.  The major reason for this decision was that they offered a military discount and included breakfast in our stay.  We had several emails with Panu in their reservation department.  He was always so accommodating and friendly.  When we arrived at the hotel, our check in was simple and easy.  Our room was very clean and well-appointed.   It was just the right size – the bed was beyond comfortable.  It was very quiet at night, even though we were on the front side of the building.  The entire staff at this hotel could not do enough for us.  We had a problem one evening with the air conditioning in the middle of the night – someone was sent right up and fixed the problem –…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location to explore London,"I stayed in Kensington as my son is attending Imperial College London which is close to Harrods, V&A museum, Albert Hall etc. I usually stay in the center of London but wanted to explore more of Kensington this are. The hotel is in a great location very close to the Shepherds Bush tube station. This has lots of places to eat and also has the Main Rail station as well, so getting around was very easy. The hotel is well appointed as you would expect for a Hilton. I used the Bar as the Europa Cup final was on and it was quite lively. Otherwise I ate out and had no trouble finding anything to eat. It only took about 15 minutes on the Tube to get to South Kensington for the  Museums, Imperial college and then it is a short walk to Harrods. This hotel was a lot less expensive than…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just a one night stay,Room very good TV excellent but at first thought the batteries had gone in the remote. Easy to operate though. Bed very comfy with adequate pillows. Air conditioned. Shower superb and layout of bathroom just right. Other doors bang shut very frustrating and can be heard easily in your room. Reported the next morning and they explained how they solve that problem so would get it done along the whole of that floor.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired but good food,"Like most hilton hotels, always needing something doing, not meeting the hype and generally uneventful other than the occasional problem to spice up the monotony. Only saving grace was decent food and polite room service staff.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"warm,friendly and welcoming",the rooms and service were the expected but its the other little things that make all the difference. walking distance to the train station and just by the bus line. you can choose to dawdle on the road in front of the hotel too. we had left our bags at the concierge and when we came back for it they just handed it back with a smile and no charge..... beautiful and quiet place to start exploring the city,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,an ok stay,"this hilton is more shepherds bush than kensington, so a little out of town, but get the room on a deal and its good value, get the executive lounge package and choose an upper floor room. The rooms are getting a little worn but ok for a short stay, service is very good though, all in all an ok stay. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good but small,"We stayed here for a week in May 2016. The staff was wonderful. The room was very small, and this was an executive room. However, this is typical of London hotel rooms. The room was clean and that matters more to me than size! The Executive Lounge was very nice. We could pop in at any time and have tea and a snack.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Stay & Handy for Royal Albert Hall,"The hotel was a usually high standard Hilton one, with very friendly attentive staff especially in the Executive Lounge. As you would expect clean and with all the facilities you could ask for.  The room size was not great, but it's what you get in London and my only area of disappointment was the noise in the restaurant at breakfast - no doubt due to the acoustics but it was rather unpleasant.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very well situated hotel,Good transport links to city centre and Heathrow. All there though rooms on small side. Good value for money. Have stayed here on many occasions. Great balance of convenience and price for London. .1234567890,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected better of a Hilton,"Not a bad stay. Beautiful reception area and friendly staff however the room itself was basic and could have been in any hotel. Also the fridge was pretty ancient and not plugged in(very dirty behind it) so we plugged it in but didn't work very well, then our breakfast items that we bought as we didn't eat breakfast at the hotel went off. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"We picked this hotel because of the area it was in. an easy access on public transport to Westminster . We don't think the room that we had was value for Money we stayed for two nights and the tea and coffee was not replenished in the room only one bath Robe for two guest's , used bath towels not changed and beds not made up could of stayed in B&B for less and got better service than Deluxe Double room ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Excellent Hotel as it's in a great location compared to other Hotels that I have stayed in central London. It's a 5 minute walk over the interchange from Shepherd's Bush underground. It is easy accessible using the central line straight into bond st/oxford circus. Westfield's shopping centre at white city is also right on the doorstep of this hotel.  The staff were all lovely and very welcoming.  Rooms well equipped and modern and breakfast was good even although it was extremely busy.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Hotel just round the corner from shepherds Bush station, which was ideal for our trip to see Les Miserables, large hotel comfortable rooms, we had a double on third floor, we were given the choice of a quiet room at the back of the hotel or on the front over looking park, we choose back, it was quiet, so had a fantastic nights sleep.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel bar, great club lounge, great hotel","We were a bit skeptical staying a bit out of central London; but this was a nice relaxing comfortable hotel. The executive room/lounge was worth the upgrade with a full breakfast, afternoon refreshments, and cocktail hour. The room was comfortable and well-appointed on the executive level. The location close to Westfield mall and the Shepherd's Bush tube station was fantastic. A real highlight was the hotel bar! We came back one evening and it was packed so we walked in and Ercan Koc (the Turkish Mixologist) served us up a Pimm's cocktail better than the one we had at Wimbledon! Ercan is one of those people that instantly makes people feel welcome; someone a hotel should make sure they hold on to. Drop in and pay him a visit; I guarantee he will treat you like a long lost…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointment,"Have stayed here on a number of occasions in the past, but I was sorely disappointed with my stay here this week.  The main restaurant is not open to residents for evening meal anymore despite being advertised on the in room TV and in the hotel directory as open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We were told the bar ""is a restaurant"". I fail to see how it can be classed a restaurant, it's a bar serving bar food, come on Hilton,  I expect a certain standard from you! Seems to me this particular Hilton now caters for coach parties rather than loyal Hilton customers. The Executive Lounge is the shabbiest I've encountered, big mistake moving it from the 7th floor. Won't be returning to this particular Hilton on my next visit to London in September!",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, nice breakfast!","Stayed here for four nights on holiday. It is situated in a very nice part of London and is very close to Shepherd's Bush so good transport links. A short walk to Notting Hill Gate too. The room was compact but nicely furnished and clean. The breakfast was excellent. The staff were very friendly and professional. Oddly there isn't free wifi in the rooms, unless you sign up to HHonours which is a bit behind the times now.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Deal,"We booked this at the last minute and thought it was great value for money at just over a hundred pounds a night. Our room was over looking the atrium at the back of the hotel and was very quiet. Great to have a window you can open too, for some fresh air. The rooms are smell (what we expect in London) and need updating but plenty of storage space and very clean. The staff are delightful and can;t help enough. We didn't eat at the hotel, but there are lots of restaurants nearby, and in Notting Hill  and Westfield shopping centre.  There is a Wetherspoons pub in shepherds bush shopping centre where we had a great breakfast each morning (hotel prices are £14 each if pre booked, £19 on the day) The hotel is in a great location, right near shepherds bush station, and with Portabello…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very modern but very pricey,"Stopped here for the weekend and the hotel is very clean and modern but check prices before buying items, we had a breakfast included, our friends did not and got charged over £30 for a small breakfast, rooms are spacious.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great place to stay,I really loved this hotel. the staff was very courtesy. We were served a great breakfast every day of our stay. The hotel was near bus and the tube also a great shopping center and great restaurants. I would book this hotel if I was traveling alone.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"I like Hiltons as a rule, but have stayed in better Travel Lodges than this. The decor in the room was very tired, wallpaper lifting from the wall and watermarked lampshades...how easy is to change a lampshade? We had to ask twice about air conditioning not working. The bathroom smelt of urine...not a good guest welcome! Breakfast was average, busy restaurant, friendly, helpful staff. Restaurant similar to room...needs a facelift. Come on Hilton .... where's you're style and edge over the competition?   ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mrs. Dade,Although there is an almost nearby another Hilton Hotel( Hilton  Olympia) this hotel is very different .It starts with better concessions such as free newspaper and admission into the executive lounge with the silver card.  Internet is free for this type of card if you make your reservations online. This hotel has a spacious lobby and more than average sized standard single rooms with very helpful personel. At the entrance two very 'enthusiastic ' gentlemen rush for your bags expecting tips-hard to pass them! Shepherds Bush tube station and Westfield are very near -only s couple of minutes. The bus stations are literally in front of and right across the hotel. Nottinghill is a few bus stops ahead . Highly recommended ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth the money,"Our room was nice, clean and quiet. We enjoyed the wide breakfast selection. The staff was friendly and polite and the location was fine, only 0,5km away from The Westfield shopping centre and the nearest tube. Bus stops were right in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Reasonably priced comfortable hotel, with friendly staff","We stayed here at the weekend and were greeted with a smile by reception staff when we arrived. We were put in a room overlooking the back of the hotel (which was very quiet and had no traffic noise), and although the room looked a tiny bit tired it was lovely and comfortable. Though the king size bed did squeak and creek a fair bit whenever to turned over. The night manager in the bar area was extremely friendly and made it his mission to ask every drinker if they were enjoying themselves and thanked them all for staying. How lovely to feel valued as a customer. The hotel is located just across the road from the Westfield Park Shopping Centre at Shepards Bush and the Shepards Bush over ground and tube station. It's also just a 20 minute walk from Portabello Road Market too. We…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good choice!,"I was a little nervous about this hotel being a little out of town, but it proved to be a good choice.  It was typical Hilton, but the neighborhood was lovely,(go for a walk to and around Holland Park).  They had a very good Executive Lounge and the staff was friendly.  It was very close to the tube line and near a huge shopping area.  Of the many places I've stayed in London, I like this the best. It's low key and much less expensive than the inner city hotels.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not for Disabled Guests!,"Hotel is great but not for disabled people.  From 45 degree ramp at entrance to narrow doors, bathroom too small to maneuver and a shower in a bathtub (yes!), no accommodation at breakfast. The rooms are very clean and the bar is nice.  Location is perfect, and parking is available.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington review,This place is desperately in need of total refurbishment. The property should be closed until refurbishment is complete. My husband got locked in bathroom and concierge had to unlock. Dust particles from air condition vent was troubling. Worst Hilton we have stayed in.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed,"Have mixed feelings on this hotel,great location,120 for one night for two,expected it to be a little better,friendly staff but basic room really,reception is nice and restaurant but not much choice of food,the beds are super comfy so worth the stay for that I think 😊👌",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location  ,"This hotel is a little pricy but I 5 min walk to the underground and if you are after shopping 10 min walk in a very nice and large mall. All kinds of restaurants are there.  The best part is its breakfast. It really is completed.  The staff are super helpful to book you any tours or to give you any information. So I guess, that explains the high cost. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pre and post night of tour,"Booked into Hilton Kensington for a pre and post night stay, either end of a Trafalgar tour. They were quite organised and friendly - although the earlier shift (just after 06:00) things are a bit slow ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very poor facility,"the staff are nice and can't fault them ( but didn't have any interaction with any of them anyway, but the hotel rooms are very old, tired, the bathroom is below any 2 stars standards, it is like if you are staying in travelodge. ( no wonder it was not very expensive). the good thing, it is next to the tube station and westfield.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Conference accommodation,This was a progessionally run hotel with friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is 5 mins walk from Shepard Bush tube station.  Breakfast was fantastic as was all other meals that were taken in the hotel.  My only small point was that the rooms were quite tight in places but otherwise a comfortable night sleep. Will be using this hotel again.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I will not come back,"At the time of the check in I was made a charge in my debit card and still didn´t get the refund one week later. I have sent two emails and several phone calls, and nobody gives an answer. The hotel itself is great, but honestly I don´t want to spend my time to get my money back, so I don´t think I will ever come back.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,worth the stay,if you would like a fridge on this isn't the place. the fridge in the room was off and empty however you could walk down and get ice. the breakfast was good but not to many made items. fried eggs they weren't more like poached eggs. always got told to sit outside the Hilton honours reserved seating I assume they don't put that on the guest list for breakfast. rude French people at breakfast who make such a mess I feel for the staff. wish they had a dinner service such a waste with such a nice room to eat in. the bar great staff awesome couldn't do enough for you. maybe a discount for in house guests to make it more appealing to stay and drink and enjoy bar food.  the bed hard as a rock. however the pillows were good.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good in London standards,We stayed in King Executive room two nights and we enjoyed our stay.  Good things:  -clean room -food in the Executive Lounge -friendly staff -location (next to Westfield shopping mall and Underground) -breakfast -free Wi-Fi  Bad things:  -the room was outdated -the gym was outdated and small ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worked well for what we wanted,"My sister and I booked 3 days at this hotel on a points stay for our vacation.  All of the staff I interacted with were friendly and helpful.  The location was perfect for us as it was within close walking distance of the tube station, restaurants, and a grocery store.  I disliked the step up to get into the shower as it was a bit difficult to keep my balance on the wet surfaces.  All in all, for the number of points we paid for our reservation, this hotel was a great bargain.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two nights in London,"The hotel was is a great location.  Within easy walking distance to the underground and restaurants.  Room was a bit small but clean and updated.  Sign up for Hilton Honours so you get free wifi, if not its 15GBP per day.  Excellent service at check-in and check-out.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty poor experience,"My partner and I didn't have the best of stays at the Hilton Kensington and would definitely not go back there. We have stayed in other London Hilton hotels, and I would say Hilton Kensington is the worst Hilton we have stayed at. We stayed for 2 nights in a standard room. The room was very small. Good job we are not a big couple as it would be hard to walk around.  The room didn't have a remote control for the TV and had 2 telephones, which 1 didn't work.  The room seemed very hot, even though it wasn't a particularly hot day in London. We switched on, what we thought was going to be the air conditioning, however, it was not air conditioning, but a rubbish fan that didn't blow hardly any air out of the vent.  I had to go down to reception and ask why the air conditioning didn't…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny room and poor housekeeping,"Have stayed at this hotel before and, as a Hilton Diamond member have received good upgrades.  This time we booked on HHonors points so was pleased to hear that we'd been upgraded to an ""Executive Room"".  I do hope the standard rooms aren't smaller than the Exec ones as, if that were the case, they'd have to be VERY small people.  This room was tiny and my wife and I were constantly struggling to avoid getting in each others' way.  While the breakfast was good and the bar service excellent, the hotel is let down by housekeeping.  Not only was our corridor full of empty dinner trays both in the evening and morning (same trays with uneaten food!), we came back to our room at 2.00am, desperate for a shower and there were no towels, the bins hadn't been emptied and the room looked a…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge,Paid a little bit extra to get an executive room that included use of the executive lounge. This was well worth it as there was complimentary drinks and food on in the evening which was lovely! The room was fine however some fittings a bit old and broken. The lobby smells so lovely! The breakfast was amazing! Overall really good hotel and will definitely return.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,HHonor hotel with good services,"We always stay Hilton hotel with HHonor membership which made our family feel very comfortable in term of room type and services, breakfast provided, wifi provided and staffs also very kind to help with reasonable price.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel - Good Location,"I stayed here for one night before catching the Eurostar. It is what you would expect from a Hilton, well appointed, clean and tidy and it was not expensive considering where it is. It is conveniently located near Shepherds Bush tube station etc, so getting to and from is relatively easy. Needing an early morning start I booked a room without breakfast as the restaurant did not open until 7.00am, leaving us no time to eat it. Even so, we were offered a complimentary breakfast when we checked in which was a nice gesture. All in all I would recommend this hotel and you know what you are getting with this chain of hotels in the main.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Older Hotel,"I spent 2 nights in the Hilton. Staff is very friendly. The Hotel looks better from the outside front and in the Internet. It is definitely an older house with very small rooms. The beds as other things as well do need a refurbishement. The lobby is big and modern, also the bar invites for a drink. Price is little too high for the comfort you get. But still, rooms are clean and for 2 nights ok.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I loved London! !,"Visited london recently and for the first time. The Hilton hotel was an excellent choice for single travelers with the buses and tube readily accessible.  I used gate1 travel (as always) for my travels and never have had a problem with their selections of air and accommodations.  2 thumbs up for them and most importantly,  I will return to London.  A visit to Stonehenge and Bath was definitely a plus.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A bit tired Hilton, far west, near Westfield Mall","Tired member of the Hilton chain.  Far west location might account for less expensive rooms.  Lobby nice, executive lounge a nice addition (breakfast, drinks).  Rooms renovated but not so special.  Small rooms, but they all are in London hotels.  It was the location that I didn't really care for in many ways.  Hotel is a few minutes walk from Shepard's Bush Station - GOOD.  It is on the Central Line - NOT SO GOOD FOR OLD TRAINS, GOOD IN ITS SELECTION OF STOPS.  The Westfield Mall is basically next door to the tube stop - that mall is the biggest and most beautiful thing I have ever seen (and I know shopping).  Enjoyed that, but of course I didn't come to London to do mall shopping. I managed to get all the places I wanted on the tube with no issue.  I was just kind of…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The best you can say for the Hilton is its location, near transport, shops and good eats. It is also useful walking distance to lots of museums. But the hotel is pretty tired and there needs to be more attention to cleaning and room maintenance. Staff were helpful, but breakfast was not so good.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location. Rooms Outdated .,"Nice location to visit London . A huge shopping mall with in 10 minutes walk, the park. Fantastic transportation facilities too. Ok vegan options at breakfast. The rooms are outdated, at least mine was.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the better Hiltons,"Great location, well appointed hotel with good rooms suitable for working in. The gym is pretty good for a hotel gym- would be good if there were more stretch mats. The bed is too hard for my liking- needs one of those comfy toppers that Sofitel use. Good hotel, will use again",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location, This hotel is located in a perfect location.  Friendly staff that is committed to ensuring your stay is wonderful.  The breakfast is top notch and a great way to start your day.  Look forward to the next visit.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing at best,"Definitely not what you expect from a Hilton. The staff were rude and uninterested, there was a stale smell everywhere, nothing was included in the room rate, no breakfast, even the mini fridge was empty and broken! The shower did the job but left me wishing I hadn't bothered washing my hair as the pressure was so low that the foam didn't come out properly, there's also a very fine line between scalding hot and cold.   The air con was far too temperamental, the windows were so ugly and dated we left the curtains closed. All in all the hotel could do with a massive face lift. It'll do for a one night stop over, meeting or conference but nothing more.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love the location!!,"Reasonable cost, great location near the tube and Westfield Mall. Great walking area on Holland Park Ave. Easy walk to Notting Hill Area with pubs and resturants along the way. Good access to Heathrow via taxi as well.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Saturday Night,"First time here as we normally stay in hotels a little more central (although it is of course only a couple of miles away) but picked this as we were going to be out and about in Kensington after going to the theatre and it was a good choice. Only a couple of minutes walk, albeit with a few pedestrian crossings to negotiate, to Shepherds Bush Underground Station so easy access. Room was fine but like most high turnover hotels could do with a bit of freshen up but clean and no complaints. Would definitely use again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous time,"I stayed at this hotel 11th June for one night. It was a birthday present for my friend.... The hotel was lovely,the staff were amazing and attentive.  Reception asked if we were celebrating anything,to which I replied ""my friends birthday"". When we returned to the room there was a plate with chocolate dipped strawberries on it and a happy birthday chocolate...very nice touch. At the bar we were given a glass of complimentary fizz...even nicer touch. There were 2 minor negatives  (these didn't spoil our visit though) I had paid extra for a deluxe room but the only difference seemed to be that it had dressing gowns and slippers...the room was rather small and pokey and I felt a little cheated. Also the executive lounge times and what you received did not benefit us at all. We…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant! ,"Went here primarily to shop at Westfields. We checked in with the friendliest staff ever, We paid the extra £50 to upgrade to an executive room, Which includes breakfast in the executive lounge - This is well worth it! It was so laid back & a great choice of food.   Our room was on the 6th floor, Incredibly quiet, Spacious & well prepped, Enormous comfy robes, Huge comfy towels, Shampoo & Conditioner, Shower Gels, Flannels etc! Everything was spotless.   Westfields is listed as an 8 minute walk away. In my opinion it is actually more 4/5 minutes. Mostly you spend your time waiting for the traffic lights to change! (Typical London)  We ate mostly in the Avenue for lunch & dinner - The food here is SUPERB. The waiters are attentive, The food is amazing and there is a fair range of…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very friendly & efficient Hilton,We had a good time at the hotel & we are very pleased with the service we received from the Hilton.The breakfast was excellent & love the fresh bread & fruits.Keep up the good work!!!We will be going back to hilton very soon.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Flying visit,"Just a one night stay on business and this was a relatively cheap option. Hilton hotels may not always be brilliant but at least you know what to expect up to a certain point and this one was up to the usual standard. Room was clean and tidy, the staff were efficient and the bar was comfortable enough.  One word of warning is that the the nearest tube stattion is Holland Park but as of June 2016 that station is closed for refurbishment so Shepherd's Bush is the next nearest - but even that is only about 6 minutes' walk away so it's hardly an inconvenience.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Twice food problems in lobby bar,An inedible club sandwich and a truly poor pizza which I returned and then got an even worse one.... not really old style hilton class. The mainky Indian bar staff did not help much there. One french manager even cancelled my bill as he agreed with the poor quality. Location not attractive either. ,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good quality, reasonably priced Hotel 15 minutes from Central London","Overall, my experiences of the Hilton Kensington were very positive. The staff were excellent : all were very polite and friendly - definitely a gold start there. I opted for a room on the 7th floor which meant I had no problems with traffic noise and a nice view over towards the shopping centre.   Rooms very generally clean although could do with a little touching up here and there : a few stains on the carpet and chaise and I did find a long black hair when showering but overall cleanliness was very good. TV was excellent with a wide range of channels, although the wall mounted unit was hung at a slight angle which was a minor irritant. The only strange things I found was that the mini bar was not stocked. If you wanted it to be, you had to choose a package and phone…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,5-Star Hotel,"Great location.  Easy to and from downtown London.  Safe area.  Large rooms.  WiFi is free in the lobby but if your are a member, free in your room too.  Great buffet breakfasts.  Plus they will make any special order.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly and helpful staff,Stayed for two nights it June.  Very friendly check in and all staff were very helpful and went out of their to make my stay a pleasurable one. Service in food in bar excellent.  Room clean and air con worked as the weather turned really warm on second night. Would happily stay there again if I am working the area again. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Warm welcoming and excellent services,"It was my 8th stay at the London Hilton Kensington Hotel The services are excellent from the entrance till you leave. The staff are very polite and helpful ,the food is really delicious . The room is very clean and comfortable .Thank you",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired but great hotel. ,This property is particularly close to Shepards Bush tube station and Westfield London which was a major plus.   Upon initial arrival via public transit you'll probably have to battle the huge roundabout outside the hotel but it won't be a major problem.   Checking in was a breeze and Hilton actually upgraded me to an Executive room as part of HH Diamond. Rooms were comfortable and well equipped.   My only complaint so far is that the rooms do look a bit tired and probably will require some sort of renovations soon.   Recommended. ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"OK good, not Brilliant good!","Was at the Hilton London Kensington with a group of friends. Firstly, what is great, is that it has on site parking; a real plus for central London.  Check in was fine and we were directed to our rooms. The room was clean, but not big. The view was great, overlooking trees and towards the Westfield Centre. Obviously, long long ago the windows opened onto some sort of balcony. Now they are locked shut and the room like many hotels was sealed to any fresh air. The bathroom was also small and dated, it looked very tired. The ceiling was low, and when stood in the bath taking a shower my head just touched the roof tiles. It felt very claustrophobic. Due to the room sealing, it was quiet, I had a good night breathing air con air. No real issues there. Breakfast was good, plenty of…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Has the potential to be good but lets itself down regularly,"I've stayed here 5 or 6 times this year and have had cause to complain twice. The problems with this hotel are a regularly poor checkin service for Hilton Honors guests. Some rooms that are very small. No official restaurant in the evening, just a section of the bar is used and the service is from the bar staff who clearly have not had training to support the restaurant. The hotel is also very expensive, even for west london. There are much cheaper and more modern hotels within 400m. On the plus side, occasionally they do get it right and the rooms can be OK. Also the breakfast is excellent, one of the best I have experienced at a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Do not expect much!,"I was given the worse room at second floor facing the street and bus stop. It was really noisy. Eventhough i have digitally checked in to different room at first place but the reception changed my rooms for reason that Ive been upgraded. Im so stupid to buy into this. Other than that, location was good and very close to Westfield and Shepherds Bush area where you can find almost everything. Room was clean and tired looking. One thing I like is the concierge always greets and ask if you need any help with the bags",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel/Amazing Staff,"I stayed at Hilton Kensington for one night. From check in to check out my experience at this Hilton was flawless. Check in was fast and efficient. Thank you Sarah Sorano.  Rooms and lobby were clean.  Had a beer and a snack at the bar. Everyone was polite and courteous. Had opportunity to meet the bar manager, Mr Ercan Koc. He was amazing. He greeted several guests by their name that evening and that was very impressive. He made everyone comfortable and ensured that their drinks and food was served properly.  This Hilton is located near Shepherd's Bush railway station and a huge Westfield Mall.Great place for a leisurely walk, shopping, a cup of coffee, drink or dinner.  Checkout was fast and efficient. Thanks again Sarah & Vishal.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff,"Weekend spent at the hotel.....little boy loved the experience especially Jana D on our arrival....she talked to him like he mattered and that is very rare in most hotels.  The room was comfortable and well kitted out.  The restaurant and its staff were great,   And what a choice for breakfast.  Highly recommend ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant hotel,"Nothing to say : nice rooms, a good service. Well, you should come to check but all if perfect. I had a very pleasant time for business purpose and very convenient close to the Olympia. This Hotel is very close to Earl Court at a fe minutes of taxi.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,This is a great place to stay would recommend it to everyone who visits London friendly staff and great value for money it is worth spending a little extra to upgrade your room it is well worth it would stay again ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff - but stock the minibar :-) ","Staff were very attentive and looked after our every need, bed was very comfortable too. This a great location for anyone seeing a show at the Royal Albert Hall as only 8 mins in a taxi   Only negative really was that my minibar was not stocked, apparently I should have asked for this when I booked which I was not aware. Not a huge problem but I had to ask for room service just to have a glass of wine whilst getting ready for the evening.   ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well located hotel.,"The hotel was typical of its era, public areas spacious but standard twin bedroom was small. Staff were courteous and friendly. Carpark, though tight to get in and out of, had plenty of spaces. Good for public transport and relativley easy to get to and from the North. Slighlty disapointed in the dining facilities main restaurant only open for Breakfast. Bar diner menu was a bit limited.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value,"As you would expect for the Hilton brand - room was nice, clean with good facilities. Staff all friendly and helpful. Only food we had was breakfast which offers a great selection and was good quality.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary,It was our 1st wedding anniversary and was very happy and surprised to return to our room after seeing a show in London to find a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolate strawberrys with happy Anniversary on them in our room ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Large hotel in a good location,"Having been before it was a good choice for location. Quite a big hotel but spaced out well. Our room 6062 was on the executive floor but I would not want to stay in this room again, everytime someone flushed their toilet either next door or above the noise when it was re filling was horrendous, waking up at various points throughout the night. I didnt have this issue when I stayed at the hotel before and certainly would not expect to put up with this. The bathrooms are compact and could possible do with an upgrade too.The rest of the hotel was good, staff friendly and the executive lounge was lovely and relaxing, Viktoria in the lounge was lovely and made the evening, nothing too much trouble. The breakfast in the main restaurant was a good start to the day.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Friendly staff who couldn't do enough to help and great bar and restaurant service.  I had a couple of things to sort out while I stayed and all the staff I interacted with helped and accomodated my requests without any hesitation. The room I had was a little outdated but clean, presentable and perfectly adequate for my stay. If I'm in the area again I would certainly stay here.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break,"Hi,  Stayed at this hotel for one night to watch a show. Hotel is really good. The staff were very good and helpful. Food and service excellent. This is one of the better hiltons in London. Small negative traffic noise little bit loud. Room needs a little upgrading, entrance carpet and bathroom. I would book this hotel again. Good location and most helpful staff I have come across in london",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Chose this hotel mainly for off street parking and proximity by car to the Royal Albert Hall as my wife is disabled.  Hotel was clean and well presented and the staff were most helpful.  The room was clean and the beds extremely comfortable.  It was classed as a disabled accessible room but the shower was over the bath rather than a walk-in wetroom so this was a little inconvenient for us but might prove a significant problem for others less able bodied than my wife.  Also, we found that the disabled lift to the underground garage became unusable during our stay requiring us to use the stairs.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Well situated hotel close to Westfield shopping centre.  Rooms are comfortable and joining room are great for families. Check in was very confused and we had to re check in for breakfast as only arranged for 2 of us!! Food was good buffet and kids loved babybels for breakfast😜,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family trip,We had an excellent trip to London . I choose to stay at the Hilton with my granddaughter as it was near the shopping center not far from central London . Also my coach from oxford drops of and picks up outside . Very good room we could get in on arrival instead of long wait very impressed with that . Would certainly stay there again and recommend it to family and friends . ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mum and daughter trip to london,"Took my 10 year old daughter to London for a couple of days and chose the Hilton Kensington. Was surprised by how close the hotel was to shepherds bush so traveling with luggage quite easy. The reception was attentive and friendly asked us if we had a floor preference. The room was really big by London standards and modern, well furnished with a fabulous king bed and large flat screen tv. Breakfast is a must. So much variety and the chef happy to make eggs, pancakes and waffles to order. We would definitely return to this hotel despite it being a little further out than some as the service was impeccable.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing!!!,"How anybody can rate this hotel any less than amazing I don't know! I've just got back from a one night stay in The Hilton Kensington. From the moment we walked in we were wowed, it smelled heavenly, we were greeted by some very friendly staff members and we were able to check in painlessly! Due to being a member we were given complimentary access to the executive lounge which was outstanding! The hotel is in a perfect location and is amazingly quiet! It is very clean and the beds are super comfortable. I literally couldn't fault this hotel!! The breakfast this morning was incredible, I have never been to a hotel and had a buffet breakfast like this one. All the items were fresh and delicious! Thank you so much team Hilton Kensington for such a fabulous stay... We will be back! ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff & great location,"Friendliest hotel we have ever been in...great staff.  Rasheid the Concierge is a blessing.  He answered all questions and has a good solution to any problem.  Bar/Restaurant staff very friendly and made our stay even better.  Sorry to leave.  Room was standard with tea, instant coffee and nice kettle.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Simple Elegance,"Walk in the main door and do not skip the Concierge desk.  Stop to introduce yourself to Rasheed or Anthony.  You will be happy you did.  The entire staff is excellent, helpful and professionally accommodating.  The restaurant/bar staff is equally friendly.  A clean and comfortable experience at affordable costs.  A very nice stay.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Visit to see our son in London,"Trip to see our son who lives in Notting Hill, also do some sightseeing. Location bit way out for central London but close to tube station and also Shopping Mall at Shepherds Bush. Hotel bed was uncomfortable. WfFi not good in room 2076 and noisy at times, staff and breakfast though very good. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pauly M,Stayed at of a lot of Hiltons but best check in ever by Sarah very welcoming and knowledgeable. Went to the bar area and was met by Danielle and once again welcomed with a smile and friendliness. Love this hotel great location with friendly helpful staff. Will be back. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location fantastic staff,"The hotel is situated perfectly for getting into London centre, Shepherd's Bush station is a two minute walk away and also right next to Westfield shopping centre. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful and the facilities were excellent",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location but room not great,This was our first time at this Hilton in London. The location is great - close to the underground (5 minute walk) and the Westfield shopping centre in west London. The executive lounge was spacious and offered a good breakfast and afternoon tea/ cake. In the public area there was a good bar and restaurant area and helpful staff. Our room was on the 6th floor and the first thing that greeted you was a humidifier and a strong musty smell so there had obviously been a leak at some point. Our room suffered from the same issue however. A good feature was that you could open the window to allow some fresh air in but had to close it at night due to the traffic noise. Good for location convenience and car parking. I wouldn't choose it for a holiday destination though - there are nicer…,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best location for Shopping,"I stayed there for 5 days with my wife, it was the best location for shopping at the Westfield mall, I could rest at the hotel anytime of the day while my wife was in a shopping frenzy only 5min walk away at the mail.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well-located !,Location is wonderful in chique Holland Park area. Bus stop to the heart of London is on the doorstep. Lovely Westfield shopping mall is a stone-away. Underground is on the bend of the mall. Rooms are clean. Only that their hallways need moderner carpet to freshen the name Hilton. Welcoming & helpful personnel. Cozy ambiance. The price I paid via booking.com is worth for a good stay in charming London !,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"I stayed there for 5 days  with my family  Positive  Proximity to shepherds bush train station Royal crescent bus station  Thr hotel has a bit smaller rooms but are nice according to london The main disadvantage i found was the buffet breakfast that is exactly same breakfast for 5 days. Overall nice hotel. Very friendly staff. Nicely located. Indians will find eggs, variety of breads and fruits and juices for breakfast  MUST TRY THEIR HOT CHOCOLATE ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Be careful,"Hotel has one small restaurant serving a Limited menu of lunch and dinner , it is an old hotel . The pillows are uncomfortable and the bed is a bit high which makes it uncomfortable when sitting on it .",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location great service,"This hotel is within walking distance of Westfield mall with many shops and restaurants. You can also walk to subway station. City buses and hop on hop off buses pass right in front of hotel. You can walk 20 mins down the street to Kensington house and gardens. Rooms and lobby were clean. We had to change rooms as they checked us into a handicap accessible room and they changed us quickly and easily. As a note to hotel, do not check people who are not handicapped in these rooms as sink is too low, pull lights rather than light switches are provided which can lead to accidental pulls for emergency help on emergency pulls located very near light pulls. Staff here is very friendly and attentive. There is a restaurant and gift shop on premises. Breakfast buffet is good with a…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and wonderful service,"Having never been to London before, I did a lot of research and eventually settled on the Hilton London Kensington.  I was a little skeptical upon reading some of the reviews of the facility, but ultimately decided to stay there for our ten day London vacation.  I was very glad I did.  The hotel is located across from a park in a residential area and yet within walking distance from the Westfield Mall, the tube, train and stores and restaurants nearby.  The London buses and the Hop on/Hop off bus stopped right in front of the hotel.  My husband & I stayed in an executive double (king bed) and the only area that was a little tight was between the bottom of the bed and the dresser.  Otherwise, there was ample space.  The mini-bar is used as a refrigerator which was quite useful to…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing Service, Great Room","I stayed at this hotel for almost a week and I have nothing but positive things to say. Firstly, I must complement Sarah Sorano, who I must add is a brilliant ambassador of the Hilton Hotel group. I initially had a problem with my room and she attended to it immediately and even on check out was able to assist me with a special request in a professional and pleasant manner. She made me feel welcome and set the tone for my stay. The second room that I was given had all the amenities needed in a long stay and it really felt like a home away from home and was always kept clean by the staff. The breakfast comes highly recommended too. Thank you for making the stay memorable and keep up the good work.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff plotted to keep us awake,Hilton London Kensington Hotel was one of the worse hotel experiences I have ever had.  After an overnight flight we arrived at the hotel (a $65 taxi ride) a bit after noon but could not check in till 3PM so we checked our bags and walked around and ate lunch to use up the time till we could check in.  As we checked in I mentioned how happy we would be to get into the room since we were so sleepy.  We collapsed into bed and into a deep sleep for about an hour and the phone rang.  The young woman who checked us in wanted to know if our room was satisfactory.  Unable to go back to sleep we decided to stay up and go to bed early especially since we had to get up very early to get to the airport for our connecting flight.  We made arrangements with the concierge to have a 4:30 AM…,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"Unfortunatelly rooms are very small, and if you want to have a visitor working with you instead of The office - its gettimg really tiny. Staff is very nice and welcoming. Guest have an access to 24h gym located in the hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business hotel!,Stayed at this hotel whilst attending an event. It is a clean and comfy hotel but the room is tiny. Restaurant not bad and there is a good bar. Breakfast is a buffet with a good selection. The location is great and close to central London. I recommend this hotel for short stay only. Not luxurious or stylish. It is a business hotel.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good night sleep,"Been here few times and it has delivered what you would expect from Hilton brand, Nice layout, clean room and bathroom. Bartender was great. Price is within London level and quite a few local shops around the hotel, I would stay again. Thank you",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just what you would expect,"Overnight stay for business at the London Hilton, Kensington.  Staff are efficient and friendly; rooms very clean and comfortable. Room 6039 was very quiet and peaceful and well maintained.  Breakfast was delicious.  All in all a very nice place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would recomm,"We had a two night stay here and from the moment of check in the staff we extremely friendly and  helpful the reception area was lovely and was very inviting. The rooms are slightly on the small side but are modern and clean and serve their purpose. The hotel bar is very nice and once again the staff are extremely friendly, the cocktails are amazing and we  will definitely be returning to sample them again. Breakfast was good it could have been warmer but that's the only downside to buffet restaurants. All in all an excellent stay and we will be returning. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,short break to london,"Very good hotel. Clean and comfortable with good room size, good temperature control and adequate décor. Excellent breakfast and very helpful staff. Shepherd's Bush tube station is only five mins away if Holland Park is closed. Only complaint was the price of drinks in the bar - but typical decent London hotel prices!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in upscale neighborhood,The Hilton London Kennsington was very nice. Not as spiffy as I expected but adequate and comfortable. Staff was helpful and friendly. I had a nice two nights. Breakfast was a buffet and fine. I ate in bar/ restaurant and had two excellent meals. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The best hotel ever,"Absolutely fantastic!! Nothing to complain! Friendly people.. Very good breakfast... Amazing service!! Good bar!! Just beside 'Nothing Hill' but a little bit far from others touristic places, but just beside the metro so no problem at all! My husband and I we loved!!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, property is a bit tired","Good staff here, very warm, friendly and helpful. Room was a bit worn. During my stay there had been some power issues but the staff made sure to keep guests informed and managed it well. Great breakfast and the lounge had a pretty decent menu.   Location is convenient with access to the Underground and shopping within a short walk. ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"Very dissappointed with this hotel. My daughter has just got married and this hotel was the nearest to the church for the guests.  Basically when boo,I got the guests in they were told there was no lists of rooms under the bridal couple names. It was totally bad organization and when eventually it was sorted out, many of the guests had to rebook their room through incompetence and too many staff passing the buck from one member of staff to another.  Then I had to speak to the manager as guests were arriving from faraway and needed to change before the wedding at 3 pm. The hotel said unless somebody checked out early there was nowhere for them to change, how long does it take to clears room for guests to change into their outfits?  After the wedding my guests said they had to…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay!,"Hotel was lovely, very clean. Concierge was full of information and very helpful. Rooms were nice. Location was great. Walking distance to Kensington Palace. Lots of great cafes in the area. Less than 5 minute walk to Westfield Shopping Center and Shepherd's Bush tube station.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not close to the city centre but excellent value for money,"Staff is very friendly and will go the extra step(s) to satisfy the guests needs. Perfect performance. Hotel rooms are good, and are around or above the standard Hilton level. Some rooms are smaller, but for one person big enough.  Breakfast is good, and with very friendly staff. I like the personal touch of the the staff when entering the breakfast room. Wifi available and pretty fast Wifi to.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Anniversary Break,"Stayed here for a long weekend as part of our Wedding Anniversary weekend. Having stayed 10 years prior, I was hoping for a repeat of the welcome and hospitality that we had before.... and I wasn't disappointed. We were welcomed at reception and very quickly checked in before going to our Executive Suite. The room was superb with some great personal touches added to it. The complimentary bottle of bubbles in the evening was very much appreciated!  We had access to the Executive Lounge, formally (10 years ago) this was quite small. This is now on the ground floor and is significant! If you have the opportunity to use it, do it!   Breakfast was great, as it usually is in a Hilton. It was very busy, but this didn't affect the service or availability/provision of food. We didn't eat…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant hotel,"I've stayed here a few times in the last couple of months and have always enjoyed the experience, staff are friendly, cheery and helpful. (I asked for directions to Loftus Road and the guy on the front desk took time to make sure I understood the easiest route, but also an alternative option!) Food is good, as is the bar, good location for tube to rest of London and of course Westfield mall across the way. Works for me.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,We checked in early evening and we were in the lounge in 10 minutes! As Gold we were upgraded and a bed was arranged for our son while we had drinks!! Great service throughout our stay. Great breakfast - one of best we've had in London. The only downside was the small rooms - but you only sleep there!! Well worth a try - you will not be disappointed. Tube station over road and bus stop outside.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Passable,"Good access to tube and large shopping complex nearby. Rooms are large but the reception staff were passable rather than friendly, despite being a Hilton Honours member. Exec lounge disappointing and the hotel could do with money soending on it to bring it up to date a little.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hotel is shabby, needs a refurb and they don't care about brand loyalty","Check in was slow. Although they seemingly have separate check-in desks for HHonors, Online check-in etc, it was one long queue of people waiting to check-in. So I had to wait behind people on holiday who had not registered their details, so the check-in process was slow.  I was eventually checked in by a pleasant assistant who told me I had a room overlooking the back of the hotel, which was fine. I was told that despite having a HHonors Gold card I couldn't use the Exec lounge. The reason given was very unclear, but was told it was Hilton policy that I had booked a lower class of room which did not allow it. I explained that that every other Hilton (both in the UK and aboard) I was granted access. She then explained that the Exec lounge wasn't big enough for everybody;....so…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fab location let down by exec lounge & staff,"Hotel is in a fab location; easy walking and tube distance from all the main attractions and was great for our evening at Hammersmith Apollo.  As an HH member we were upgraded to ""executive"" but I struggled to understand what the benefit was. My friend was first rudely turned away when she tried to check in as I hadn't yet arrived; although another staff member did try to rectify the attitude she was presented.  The twin room was clean but let down by the shabby, dark, old and stained interior. The beds however were super comfy and we did have a great nights sleep. But don't expect any room to swing a cat (how small are non exec rooms?!).  However; what really lets it down is the so called Executive Lounge. This is very dark and crammed in. We weren't able to enjoy the drinks…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Large and impersonal,"Stayed on my own for one night. Found the hotel large and impersonal. Concierge staff were welcoming  but front office were distant. Hotel is quite convenient.  Room was ok but on the small side. Bed was Comfortable and managed to get a good nights sleep, luckily had a room at the side so was away from the traffic. Can be a lot of walking to get to the rooms.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great lcoation,"Its London so don't expect a new building! Yes its looking a little tired and its pricey, but it is a great location and the foods more than good enough. Staff were friendly and helped me with a few issues. The staff are keen to inform that a renovation will soon be underway which is fantastic, renovation completed ...I would be back!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good!,"I stayed here for the evening whilst going to a work awards ceremony. All of the staff we encountered were brilliant, especially the girl seating people for breakfast on the morning on May 12th. All very well train and pleasant. The foyer looks really clean and smart. I found my room a little disappointing, the bathroom looked a bit tired. There was a leak from under the bath. That said the room was impeccably clean! The rooms need more tea/coffee/milk as there was only enough to make two cups. The toiletries provided in the room were really nice, it's good to get Shampoo and conditioner :). The beds are really comfortable. The air on in my room didn't work brilliantly. We were really disappointed to get back to the hotel to find the bar closed. You could order on room service…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A tired hotel,"Rooms in need of refreshing - scuffed walls, dirty carpeting.  The front desk informed me that there was a plan to refurbish 60% of the rooms over the next 18 months.  perhaps one should wait.  This hotel seems to cater to large tour groups.     Perhaps at this price point, the tired nature of the hotel is to be expected, but I would not stay there again.    P.S. Spotty wifi connections.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location small rooms,The rooms are small but basics are met.. Good location-10 mins walk (250M) to Westfield mall and nearby restaurants..  There is a poundland and pound world as well nearby along with. Vue cinema hall.. Shepherds bush metro is 10 mins walk away as well. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Everything was great,This was my 1st time with Hilton and when I checked in I got a room upgrade without even asking. Staff were very friendly and helpful. In particular I want give a special thanks to Ercan Koc who really was exceptional. I stayed for 4 nights and ate there each night. The food was fantastic. Just a 15 minute walk to Olympia where I was exhibiting. From this experience I would definitely use Hilton again.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the special stay we were expecting,"Hotel was well placed for Olympia and not too far from tube station.  Room smaller than expected and only a shower, no bath.  We were given a room in the area we asked for so no noise from people traipsing past, so happy about that.   Shower was 1.5 tray size with proper door (no dreadful flappy curtain) and shower head worked well. Bed seriously uncomfortable and creaked whenever we moved so we spent three nights keeping each other awake.   Room tired but clean.  We did not use any of the public areas or hotel facilities. BE WARNED - they swipe your card on arrival and add on £50 for extras.  We had no extras but they still tried to charge us for a bottle of water, which we didn't order, but which was put in the room anyway. . . . Reception staff advised all mattresses same at…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing stay,"Only stayed for one night but upon returning to the room late at night found that the shower was filthy, the toilet dripped all night, the free standing lamp and bedside lamps were grubby and stained, the bathroom was so small you could only fit one person in it at a time and the bed squeaked at the slightest movement.  Room needed updating and a good clean.  Very dissapointing",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but looking tired in the rooms,"Special thanks to the lovely receptionist Veronica Lenci who welcomed us with her big smile and lovely friendly personality.  A credit to the Hotel !  First impressions were good and the inside of the Hotel is contemporary, clean and well arranged.  We got our Junior Suite on the 4th floor where you could enter through two seperate doors (!) into a reception area and the main room.  It was clean, tidy but did look dated, so I echo the comments made by other travellers that there is room for improvement.  Breakfast the next morning was an utter disappointment.  There seemed to be a total lack of staff and not able to cope with the numbers of people dining.  Food on the hot buffet section was cold but not enough attention was paid to the food to keep it warm and inviting as it had…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Shabby, worn and overpriced = cancelled future reservations","Oh - what a disappointment. This is not one of the great, modern Hilton's one would expect for the price. It was supposed to be my first of a number of stays.  I am a HHonors Diamond member, so I feel I am able to judge Hilton hotels.  From the outside the hotel is a bit 80th, but alright. It's location close to large shopping mall and only a few minutes walk from a tube station.   Do you know this sinking feeling when opening the door to a hotel? Yes - I got one of those. The lobby is very uninspired and dark. Only 3 counters open for check in at around 17:50 hrs on Monday 09 May 15.  There was a HHonor priority sign, but it did not work. There was one queue only.  Once I reached the desk, I asked for an upgrade. I was offered a single room. The receptionist did not know…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,Good location for Olympia / Notting Hill / Bayswater Road / Shopping Mall. Has secure underground parking. Clean rooms as expected. I f you are wanting a drink in the bar give yourself extra time as experienced long delays.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable if you get a good price,"We visited london for 2 nights for a wedding and needed somewhere comfortable at a reasonable price with good transport connections. We got a good deal at this hotel, about the same price as most of the 3* hotels you can find in many areas of london. Also, as a hilton hhonors member i do get certain benefits from staying with them.  Unfortunately they could not upgrade us when we arrived which was disappointing but we did get a roomwith a king sized bed. The rooms are not large but that is quite normal in london. The bed was reasonably comfortable but the pillows less so and we didnt have good relaxing nights sleep. The bathroom was small and basic with a shower over the bath which i dont really like, it was a bit shabby and my wife saw silver fish on the floor which scuttled…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok but rooms a little tired,"Location of the hotel is good for Portobello road and the Westfield.  As you would expect drinks a little expensive £10 for a single G&T £9.80 for a glass of wine.  We had an executive room and to be honest a premier inn room is bigger and better. Shower rails etc all rusty and not a lot of room, dread to think what a standard room is like.  Elevators are slow and if you don't mind the stairs which is quicker.  I think this hotel is ready for the rooms to be refurbished because the ground floor looks good.   ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok for short stay,Really basic bedrooms and old small bathroom. Could do with a make over. Tried to charge us for breakfast we didn't have. No minibar as advertised just an old empty fridge in room switched off. Bed really hard and very loud air conditioning. Convenient location. Definitely not 4 star. We were paying for the name.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok but service better on other hotels,"The Hilton in Kensington is actually on the border of Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush, it's not in not Kensington. However it's very close to Westfield shopping centre and the central line which makes it easy to get into central London. For the price I wouldn't say the hotel offers great value for money.  The breakfast buffet is very nice and has good variety (although lacks gluten free options).  It's impossible to make the room properly dark for sleeping due to thin curtains and various flashing and blinking electronics that can't be switched off.  There are no stairs apart from the emergency only staircase which means that you need wait for the lift which then invariably stops on every floor. You need to allow 10 minutes to get to the lobby from the 5th floor.  Having stayed…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"short stay at the Hilton, Kensington",The location was good and convenient for travelling to any area of London. Convenient for pleasant walks and shopping.  Staff were approachable and courteous at all times. More natural smiles would have been nice. Breakfasts were excellent with a very good selection of fruit and cooked items. Our stay was in a twin room and i was disappointed with the overall standard of the bathroom furnishings which gave it a dirty look. For me that was important but as i spent little time there it did not spoil my visit and the other aspects of the hotel were excellent. No air conditioning in the room and it can get rather hot.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well connected,"People from reception very friendly, I Spoke with Sarah, she is from Italy, She speak perfect Spanish, very friendly I felt very well speaking with her and she explained  everything very friendly, and the next day I spoke with another Sarah i Thing she is English very kind as well .  Breakfast very nice, Teodora is a waitress very smiling and very kind, the hostess as well profesional work happy and smiling. Excecutive Launch, Christina very kind smiling and polite  I recomend very good hotel Housekeep  wake up me 7:30am  in the morning  by mistake, the first day and the second day as well by mistake. 8am , thas wasn't nice.... should be more organized the housekeep.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A fun new neighborhood in London!,"I stayed at this hotel on business at the ExCel Exhibition Center. This is nowhere near the ExCel, but I never stay near it as the tube gets you there in about a half hour, and I prefer to find new places in London when I go. This hotel had one of the best sized rooms I've had in London, and though it's not near the center of town, I found great pubs in walking distance, and I was saved by the Apple Store in the Westfield Mall only 2 blocks away when I needed adapters for my Mac. If you don't mind using using the tube to get around, and you want a slightly more spacious room than typical of London, this is a good option! Also, the bar is great!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Stayed here for the first time for a conference. Check in was smooth, room was decent sized for EU standards, and was clean. Furniture/decor outdated but I've seen worse. Elevators are super fast, never had to wait more than a minute. Stayed in room 2059 where I was able to get a good night's rest in complete silence, it was almost too quiet! Staff was always helpful. Breakfast selection at the restaurant was excellent with a variety of options. The only downside was this was farther than I would have liked but suited my needs since I was attending an onsite conference. Bus access was a 3 minute walk around the corner and the tube is as well. Highly recommend this hotel for business travel. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Weekend Break,"Four of us enjoyed a fantastic weekend break at the Hilton Kensington. Could not fault anything - reception staff efficient and cheerful, restaurant staff friendly and helpful. Cleanliness of rooms and all areas good. We had one room on 6th floor and one on 7th - no noise, beds extremely comfortable and rooms were of a good size. We would all stay again - location very convenient to Shepherds Bush Tube Station. Would fully recommend.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend to visit museums and stuff,"Booked this for one night - got a great deal. We were a little disappointed when we realised it was nearly in Shepherds Bush but, actually it was right on the Central Line and only 4 stops away from Bond Street. Brilliant location.   We also got a free pass to the Executive Lounge - result.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Nice hotel - but a little bit on the outside/edge of central London, & all it's tourist-y bits. Still, it's easily accessible by the near by tube. Hotel itself is fine, though the rooms & their facilities are a tad on the small side - especially the shower cubicle, as a man who's 5'9 tall - even my head touched the ceiling in the shower. Not much space area to walk round the bed, & the entrance area from the door/hallway into the room seemed very narrow. Breakfast was first class, & contained all you'd expect. A good stay - but wouldn't probably stay again, due to location & small room",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well Connected,"Staff was well trained.They knew how to interact with the guests properly.Service was very good,its Hilton afterall so the standards have to be good.We were delighted to get upgrade and appreciated the efforts.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb 5 Star Hotel,"The Hilton in London Kensington is a top class 5 star hotel. The hotel has a wide variety of restaurants and bars. You can quite easily stay in this hotel without leaving. The roof top bar and restaurant is out of this world. You could quite easily bump into a celebrity up there.The service is outstanding. Free wifi is available, gym is available.  The hotel has an executive floor which you can make use of before you depart the hotel.  The hotel is in a good location with easy access to the underground.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Markets heaven!,"In an excellent location to the lovely areas and Markets of Notting Hill and Portobello Road, and the very upmarket Holland Park with its beautiful houses and shops. Lovely restaurants around and a stones throw from Whiteleys, the shopping centre. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, friendly staff, clean","Nice hotel, friendly staff. Not immediate city center, but ok. Good rooms, on the small side but without this being an issue. Friendly staff, helpfull. Nothing wrong hence. Price is not overly expensive.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happy Hilton ,"We really just used the hotel as a base due to commitments in central London.  The check in was good, room nice but noisy fro traffic but it's London!  Easy access to tube and park close by.  Bed a little lumpy and noisy. Fridge didn't work but an ice station was available ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Communial areas are nice but room was a bit small and tired,"We got a good deal through Lastminute.com to stay here but when we arrived after a delayed journey they didn't have our booking. I gave them the printed confirmation but they wanted me to retrieve my email booking and forward it to them. After a stressful time my mind went blank and I could not think of passwords or anything, finally they found our booking and after aanother delay we were able to check in, apparently this happens a lot with Lastminute.com. Because of the upset we were upgraded to use the Executive Lounge but would not upgrade us to an Executive Room. This at least meant we had breakfast FOC for the duration of our visit. The hotel was clean and staff were friendly but the room was quite small and the bathroom especially was very tired (please see photographs). I…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay,Stayed there from 29th April to 2nd May.  Rooms and hotel were clean. Quite friendly staff.  Lifts are so slow! Unbearable.  Good and average breakfast. Long wait though for the breakfast room.  It was an average stay.  Good location near Holland Park and Notting Hill Gate. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short London Weekend Break,"We managed to book this hotel using secret locations with Last Minute. The price for two night seemed almost too good to believe. Our level of expectation, even although it was a Hilton, was pretty low. We were truly delighted with the standard of the hotel. Situated only 3 minutes walk from Shepherds Bush Underground or Bus station meant that transport to anywhere in London was a breeze. The room was well equipped and clean and ""every member of staff"" had a smile on their face and nothing was a bother to them. We were celebrating my wife's retirement and, as you do, we ordered champagne in the main cocktail bar. The champagne, both my daughter's and my wife's were flat. We asked for them to be changed and the head waiter could not have been more apologetic and understanding.…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable ,"Typical Hilton; clean, well organised, predictable and corporate. Staff were helpful and polite, room was good sized and quiet - even though it faced Holland Park Avenue. It is a bit remote. There are not many places to walk to unless you want to go to Westfield shopping mall.  Four stars because it was quality accommodation.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beat Breakfast Ever!,"Just went to the Hilton Kensington and were very impressed with the quality of the service especially at Breakfast! F&B supervisor Ali showed us around, he was very professional and his customer care skills were over the top! Buffet was explained very well and had such a delicious meal. Then joined the bar for some drinks and again perfect service. Will definitely come back ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average rooms, weird smell, expensive food","I stayed in this hotel for work for two nights in April. I found it to be basic and a little below standard for the money compared to others in the area/with similar pros.  Pros -close to Shepherd's Bush tube - close to Westfield plenty to do - free wifi - decent TV and hairdryer  - friendly staff  Cons - Weird smell in the room (like very feint sewage) - dated decor, shower was a bit grim - very expensive room service £40 for some nachos, a pizza and a glass of wine?!!! Come on. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and friendly staff,"I have stayed here several times for business and love this hotel.  Its a great spot, just a few minutes from Shepherds Bush underground station and close to Westfield shopping centre.  The rooms are always very good and the staff are always friendly and helpful.  The food is a bit expensive (but what would you expect in a nice hotel in London) and the only fault I could find is that the beds are a bit hard, especially if you are in one of the twin beds.  Otherwise I cannot recommend this hotel enough.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired noisy and disappointing,"First - it was london marathon weekend so London was full but this hotel did not seem packed out  It is ideally placed for Olympia so if you want to go to an exhibition, you can't go far wrong with this hotel   Matthias was a friendly Italian member of the good reception team, who unfortunately let themselves down on Sunday afternoon when the Conscierge went to help a guest with luggage somewhere in the hotel   Six guests waited at leat ten minutes for the Conscierge until I asked the reception team to help which they did - disappointing because they were otherwise very efficient   The room I was allocated was ok but the hotel corridors and room suggested it had been a while since the hotel had received some TLC  It was ok but stuffy - you could not open the window because of…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average London Hotel,"Stayed here for one night on business with colleagues. Rooms was clean, but hotel was very noisy. Only dine and drink in the Hotel if you are either a) a multi millionaire or b) looking for one!  Also - we found that booking a taxi to pick you up was much cheaper than using the ones that stand around outside.  Probably would stay here again - but only due to very close proximity to work.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very average hilton,"Ideal if you are shopping at Westfield as across the road from Shepherds Bush tube station. was a bit too far out of centre for us so if you are going to the theatre stay closer. for some reason this is the second time we have had an issue with the room being too warm even though we had air conditioning on low and fan on high, so not sure what Hilton have done so that you cannot control your room temperature?",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, helpful staff","Pre-booked two rooms for one night not realising the next day was the London Marathon. The hotel was very busy when we arrived, early, and the rooms were not ready but we were able to leave our bags so it wasn't a problem. Both rooms were quite small but very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel was a couple of hundred metres from Shepherd's Bush stations (Underground and Overground) and the Westfield Shopping Centre.  The hotel fails on two points.   First, the accessibility of stairs in order to avoid interminable  waiting for the lifts when the hotel is busy. Our rooms were on the first floor so the lift was not really necessary but all stairways that I found were marked only for Emergency use!   Secondly, the provision of Wi-Fi. The Hilton seems locked in the…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We have stayed in this Hilton for the last few years when we travel down to London for the marathon weekend. This Hilton is ideally located, it is easy to get to Blackheath for the start from here and when returning from the finish. The hotel also put on breakfast early for the runners.  The staff are fantastic, particularly the chap who was serving breakfast on the Saturday morning and was giving out smoothies. There is a gym, which is good. There are bum-bells, so you can get a good work out away from your regular gym. We booked an executive room, we had a front facing room which had a view of a near by park, I wasn't disturbed by any traffic noise from the roads outside. We had access to the executive lounge which was very welcoming after the marathon. If we get in to the…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Very well situated with a 24 hour bus to Piccadilly;  Very helpful staff;  Excellent executive lounge;  Room was a little small, as is expected in London;  Decent exercise facility.  Nice small park across the road",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location & very comfortable,"I stayed on my own on a Saturday night and it was very quiet - wasn't disturbed at all. Staff were all very friendly and the breakfast buffet had plenty of options. The room was compact but big enough for one person overnight & all the usual amenities provided including a mini fridge. The bed was very comfy and the shower pressure was excellent. It was at the back of the hotel so didn't hear a thing from the main road.   The location is great for the West End ( I got into Leicester Square in under half an hour on the Saturday night) and on Sunday morning went for a two hour round walk, taking in Notting Hill, Kensington Gardens & Hyde Park. It's also just across the road from Shepherd's Bush tube & Westfield Shopping Centre. You just come out of the tube, cross over where the…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here if you need to sleep ,"I am staying in this hotel on business. On the first evening  I had to get up in the middle of the night due to work. Later that evening I tried to catch up on some sleep but it's been impossible . This hotel is in a great location ,has great reception staff & does a good breakfast. ( the only reason they get 3 stars not 2). However it has several serious failings .  The walls are so thin I literally just heard the guy in the next room pee & flush the loo!! The doors have such a strong mechanism unless you physically close the door it bangs very very loudly . Housekeeping is haphazard..for some reason they clean at 7.00 pm . Tonight the maid went in & out the room next door 10 times banging the door each time. She carried on down the corridor like this. This is a hotel used by…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standard London 3 Star,"Stayed for 2 nights as I was attending an exhibition at Olympia. The hotel is fairly modern, I had booked an executive room which was clean and comfortable. Complimentary WiFi and access to the Executive Lounge. The lounge gets busy from 6-8 pm as there are complimentary drinks and food on offer. Breakfast is buffet self service with a selection of hot & cold choices, I thought the breakfast was good. However if you book an executive room you get free breakfast in the lounge I paid for my breakfast on booking. The bar area is comfortable and food is served too, I had one evening meal which was of a good standard if a little bit expensive. Staff were professional and helpful. I would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staff, good location","Stayed here for 4 nights in April. The hotel is located close to Shepherd's Bush in zone 2, and is within walking distance if Westfield Shopping centre.   From Heathrow there few direct transport routes except by car. I travelled on the Heathrow Express to Paddington and took a £12 ride taxi from there.  The hotel has a nice, spacious reception area, which was a contrast to the small bedroom. However I seem to recall that small rooms are typical of London hotels.  Breakfast was included in my room rate and contained all the items one could think of, including cooked items, cereals, bread, fruit etc. The breakfast room is busy in the mornings but I was served quickly and all items are replenished regularly.  The hotel has a car park below it which is convenient but expensive at…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great, and handy, hotel!","We had a great stay at this hotel in early March. The staff at the check in desk were so helpful. As we are members of the Hilton Honors Club we received a free upgrade which was great. The room was a great size and had a great view that looked over Royal Crescent gardens. It was really clean and the shower was excellent. I especially loved the complimentary bottles of water.  Just pay the extra and have breakfast here. It is, quite possibly, the best breakfast I have ever had in my life. There is honestly so much to choose from. They have full English cooked breakfasts and continental and if there is nothing you fancy at the buffet they'll make something for you. We had such a good breakfast we didn't have lunch a single day we were in London. The hotel is SO handy for the tube…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the typical Hilton Experience,"3 of 4 lifts weren't working one night after the London Book Fair.  I waited 30 minutes for a long! The next night same issue but they asked people to take the stairs. Housekeeping can't manage to replace teas, coffee, etc. I left my dirty glass and mug from the room on my room service tray and never did get replacements in the room.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,This is one of the best Hilton's I've stayed in.  The room was immaculate and the facilities within the hotel were of a very high standard.  Location wise it's a bit of a trip out of the city centre but across the road from the Westfield Shopping Centre so I found it quite convenient to leave the hotel and be able to get some supplies for my stay.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Return visit,"We had the most wonderful time staying at this hotel ! From the moment we arrived the staff couldn't have been more polite or helpful .Situated in a very handy position, tube station nearby but the busses stop right outside the door, so straight into town. Beds comfortable, executive dining room brilliant will definitely be staying again, thank you Hilton . ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"From arrival to departure, excellent staff in a great location. Staff could not do enough for you, day or night. Rooms were really clean and tidy and well presented. Executive lounge was very well presented and the food and drinks offered were of a high quality and plenty of them. I will certainly stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what we were expecting,"Stayed here overnight whilst in London to see a show. Good location within 5mins walk of tube/overground station.   Nice foyee entrance hall and pleasant staff, although security on main door with a paper clip board checking names seemed a bit over the top and last century, a tablet to look up names would be so much more efficient.   Room was basic but clean. Air conditioning didn't work so quickly turned into an oven. Could do with a bit of a refirb.  WiFi was not free which lower priced hotels do provide. I did however manage to use the WiFi with my Vodafone account and was pretty strong signal.   Breakfast would be an extra £15 each so passed. Again something lower price hotels (of which are same or higher quality) include in the cost.   In all would be a great hotel for…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Weekend stay,"I liked the Hotel. I had a so called ""single"" room. Was good enough for me as i was travelling by myself. Room was comfy and clean  Very small bathroom. But for London I guess that is what Needs to be expected :-)  Did not try the Restaurant.  Front Staff was very nice and helpful.  1 Point deducted as the halls are in need of a makeover. However I have to say that they had notes on the hall walls that they are in the process to renovate them",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasure,"The hotel is very busy and no time for one to one customer service. One thing that I can think of is, the hotel could make it's front more inviting.  To it looks very industrial for what it supposes to be a very expensive area.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family Vacay in Central London,"My husband, kids (aged 5 and 2) and myself stayed at Hilton Kensington Hotel from the 8-13 March 2016. The hotel is modern, and stylish with a lot of beautiful couches in the lobby area to lounge on. It is ideally located 5min walk from the Westfields Mall which has Supermarkets, restaurants and shopping all in one. There are two stations that are easily accessible (shepards Bush and wood lane), which is located on either side of the mall.  We had an executive twin room which was well decored, but slightly on the small side. However, the rest of the Hotel made up for that, as we thoroughly enjoyed our stay as a family at this hotel. We had access to the Executive Lounge, where we enjoyed the variety of pastries and delicacies. I must add and specifically mention the assistant…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Easy,We stayed here overnight when we had a lay over. We were able to check in online. We didn't talk to the staff much but everything we asked for was ready when we arrived. It was a great option. My only problem was parking.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for a weekend in London,"Just had a great weekend in the Hilton Kensington.  Its in a good location next to the Westfield Centre and lovely Holland Park.  Great choice for breakfast, comfy clean bedrooms.  Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"This was a great experience for me which i plan to do again very soon. The staff were helpful, the hotel was clean and as a Blue member I had a pleasant surprise of being upgraded to executive which opened further entitlements such as using the executive lounge.   The bed was spacious and once we worked out the heating the room was warm and cosy.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,American Comfort in a European City,"Knowing how expensive and tiny London hotels can be, we searched very hard for a hotel that can offer spacious rooms at reasonable price yet within reach from central locations throughout the city.  The Hilton fits our bill.  Although the location is quite old (I first stayed there in the 80's), the facilities are well kept, clean, and updated.  The service is also friendly and helpful.  It is extremely close to Westfield shopping mall and also served by Central Line and Bus Line 94.  Thanks Hilton!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great!!,"Returned here this weekend whilst attending a course in central London and it is great! Staff are friendly, rooms are clean and comfortable and amenities are great for what we needed.   Stones throw away from the tube station and shopping centre with ample restaurants and shops. Can't recommend highly enough. Absolutely great service. Thank you! ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very convenient, better when the tube runs all night","We stayed here for one night when going to Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in Soho.  The hotel is quite convenient being just over the road from Shepherds Bush underground and very near Westfield shopping centre  Inside it's large and modern. We had a standard double which was a bit on the small side but not so far as to worry us on a one night stay over  All very clean and modern with a huge double bed that was extremely comfortable  There was an ironing board and iron, which came in handy, tea & coffee making and a decent large TV  Our room looked out over the back so it was very quiet and we could have the window open  The only problem we experienced was not with the hotel. It was getting back there late at night. Thinking the tube now ran all night we stayed after the show for a…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Welcoming and friendly staff.  Room was clean and had air conditioning, plus a window to open.  The room also had an iron with ironing board, coffee pot with coffee and tea selections and a refrigerator.  Breakfast was included in our stay and they served a nice variety of items; in addition to made to order omelettes, waffles and pancakes.  The hotel is in walking distance the Westfield Mall, restaurants and fast food places.  The busline and ""tube"" are across the street from hotel.  We had a lovely stay.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An OK hotrl,"Stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights. The hotel is in a good location, right next to Shepherds Bush tube station & Overground and also next door to a Westfield shopping centre.  The room itself was really basic. Comfortable and clean, but basic. Perfect if you just want a place to sleep and the bed was really comfortable. The room is a little rough around the edges and could do with an update. Giving how basic the room was you might be better off staying at a budget hotel such as an Ibis as you are getting the same level of standard, but at a cheaper price when compared to the Hilton.   The staff were all friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, helpful staff","My wife and I enjoyed a weekend recently at the Kensington Hilton, and had an excellent stay. The hotel is well situated within walking distance of the Westfield Shopping Centre, and has easy access by tube to central London. I'd particularly mention the quality and friendliness of the staff at the hotel - one being Denzel who served us dinner one night. The whole stay was first-rate - well done to all the staff!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Honeymoon weekend,"Fantastic hotel. Staff extremely professional, they're a credit to the hotel!! We upgraded room for the executive lounge access £50 extra however it ensured that all our food and drink was paid for during the weekend. We had more than £50 worth of drinks in the evening do definitely worth the money. Room was very nice and clean only problem we had was it was very warm as the fan didn't work. Manager refunded the £50 executive lounge charge as a gesture of good will with out any hassle. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Nice Hotel With Great Staff ,"When we booked this hotel, we were a little apprehensive about staying here due to it's low ranking and not too great reviews. We needn't have worried it was a very good standar,  clean hotel, luxury it wasn't,  however this more than suited our needs for a weekend in London.  We had a twin room, decent size,  over looking the gardens at the front of the hotel. The room had a kettle, tea, coffee, hairdryer and safe and a bath with a shower.   The hotel is in a good location close to Shepherds Bush tube line. Also there is a bus stop outside thst takes you into the middle, past Hyde Park and through to the shops at Oxford Street and Bond Street.   You can buy a day travel ticket at the weekend at the tube station for £12.10. This ticket will allow you to use the tube and and all…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, good location.","Hotel staff were very helpful and courteous. The breakfast was awesome with a great selection of pastries, beverages, eggs, sausages, etc. Teapots are available so that you don't have to keep getting up for a cup of tea.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff","i stayed at the Hilton Kensington with my teenage daughter and we were not disappointed.  our room was clean and spacious and all the staff were friendly and courteous.  the hotel is in a great location, within a 5 minute walk of the Westfield shopping centre and only 20 mins on the tube from central London.  we had a fantastic time and definitely plan to stay at this hotel again when we next visit London.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I'll Be Back!,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington overnight last weekend, and should have stayed longer. The check-in process was very smooth; the staff were friendly and efficient. The bed was extremely comfortable and I had a good night's sleep after a long week in Europe. Westfields mall is just a stone's throw away, which makes shopping very convenient. The only thing is there wasn't really a view out of my window.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed there during renovations and there was no air conditioning so they brought fans to the room.  We slept with the windows open and had a rough night.  Great location to shops and the underground, I would try it again after the construction is completed.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great position.,"Stayed here for one night. Check in was very easy via Hilton Honours desk but I think it would have been smooth any how. Executive twin room was well appointed, nice bathrobes, slippers etc. Executive lounge was good, great for afternoon tee and cocktails. Position of the hotel is great and was convenient for all the things we wanted to do. Easy to get a cab as they wait on a rank outside. Best thing about the hotel was the staff, everyone very pleasant and helpful. The outstanding member of staff was Jana D on reception-nothing was too much trouble and she always seemed to be on duty. She really understands customer service and as a result have booked fir 2 further stays best month.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,Excellent experience at this hotel -from check in to check out - helpful friendly and welcoming staff - great location for WestFields Shopping Centre and Shepherds Bush Station   Very clean and good sized room - lovely reception area with comfy sofa for sitting and relaxing,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Saturday 2nd + Sunday 3rd April ,"Have had weekend in Hilton Kensington - from helpful and friendly welcome on Saturday afternoon to check out this morning - just fabulous!   Found all hotel staff to be helpful and friendly   The room clean with everything we needed   We had room service twice - Saturday night and Sunday morning - both times quick, hot and tasty food - delivered with a smile and cheery hello   Thank you all for a lovely weekend - We will see you again soon  ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good ! ,"My second stay at the hotel, and i am so impressed over the good service from The people that work in the hotel ! Great beds to sleep in, good food and excelent location ! The consierge is full of knowledge and very serviceminded ! I will definately come back !",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very adequate for a night away ,"Stayed here a few nights ago and the hotel was adequate for what was needed. The check in was quick and painless, and the staff were friendly and polite. The room wasn't as I expected it to be decor wise due to the hotel reception/bar area was so nice and as you would expect it to be considering the location, so the room needed a bit of an update as it was a tad worn around the edges so to speak, and this was mostly in the bathroom. The shower was quite temperamental and we kept needing to move the nozzle around to stop it from leaking. The bed was extremely comfortable and was the highlight of my stay! The Windows did a great job of keeping the outside noise muted, but the room wasn't overly soundproofed from the hallway and rooms around us. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton Hotel London,"Very pleasant stay, clean and quiet with staff extremely helpful and attentive. Fantastic breakfast buffet. Fitness centre could be bigger but Ok if making use of it outside of the usual busy periods.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good,"we have been guest for 3 days and we can value this hotel  good for location ner tube,  the quality of services and the breakfast. the hotel  is good also for children needs. the only thing we remark is the clealiness of room, the moquette of room  and the bathroom were not very clean!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's worth paying the extra..,"This is the fifth time we've stayed at this hotel. It's ideally situated for shopping at Westfield- you can literally walk across the road to it. This gives you access to top designer shops; branches of the usual larger stores (House of Fraser, Debenhams, Next, Boots etc); restaurants and the multiplex cinema. The Shepherd Bush tube station is here as well. The hotel itself is a little dated now but the rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff are very friendly and helpful. We usually pay the extra to have access to the Executive Lounge which is well worth it. The buffet breakfast is excellent (and no queuing up!); coffee, tea and soft drinks and snacks are available throughout the day and in the early evening canapés and alcoholic drinks are served. I noted that in a…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Came here for the weekend for my partners birthday and the hotel downstairs is nice enough, however upstairs it's very old fashioned. Our room was so tiny found myself tripping over things and banging my foot on the bathroom door as you can barely open and close it its so close to the toilet. The house keepeing is very poor, the bathroom floor grubby and the sink grubby too. The bed was shocking though and the pillows were so uncomfortable. Real poor standards for a hilton. ",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exceeded expectations,"I've never been a fan of hiltons in the past and I've stayed in a lot over the years but recently stayed in a few in USA and this one and things have changed for the better.  My last stay was the horrid double tree in central London (Southampton rd) where staff attitude was very bad and the rooms were terrible.  So this hotel. Location is excellent and rates are low but it's easy access to London and lots of other places including the airport. A car park too. On arrival the night manager checked me in, fast efficient friendly and followed up with a call to ensure the room was OK.    The rooms are small but adequate for a solo traveller. Not sure fuller figure couples with 2 large cases would like it much but hey that's London. Book a larger room.  The rooms are aged but clean.…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Easter Break - Good location and good standard rooms - would stay again,"I stayed in this hotel over the Easter weekend after finding a cheap deal on Booking.com. I was very impressed with the level of service from the staff, the standard of rooms and the location.   The only thing that let this hotel down (hence the 4* rating not 5*) is how thin the walls are. Our first two nights were disrupted by noisy people in the next door room. The hotel staff were very helpful in asking them to be quiet, but it did taint an otherwise brilliant hotel",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms below par for a Hilton,"The room looked tatty in particular the grouting and flooring edges of the bathroom, the TV only faced the bed and would not turn sufficiently to be viewed from the seating area of the room?  The desk reading lights did not work.  Overall the room was below that of other Hiltons that I have stayed at.  The reception and bar areas are excellent.  All the staff I encountered were very helpful and friendly, in particular the bar staff who seemed sincere in their friendliness and willingness to help.  The bar food was very good, especially the side order / snack portion of chips (Fries), as they came with a selection of little pots of mayo, ketchup, mustard etc. excellent little dipping snack to have with a beer or two.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed here as a treat for part of my partners Xmas present, the staff were as friendly and pleasant as you would expect in a high end hotel, car parking was far to expensive but London in general is overpriced. The room was way below what I would of expected for the price, in need of an update and refresh as there are many hotels in this price range that are much nicer. We upgraded but I couldn't really see what the difference was, we also decided to take advantage of the members lounge which was well worth it with endless drinks, food and away from the general noise of the hotel. The location is great and only a stones throw from Shepherd's Bush station on the central line, and if you fancy it a days shopping at Westfield shopping centre. But a lovely walk up to Notting hill…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel but in need of an update,"In a pleasant area - Kensington is very posh! Staff were very polite and helpful, when we arrived they could not find our booking, but as we had printed out our booking confirmation everything was sorted in under two mins - and for all our trouble (none at all) our room was upgraded, which was very kind. The room was on the small side but clean and the bed very comfortable. The only gripe I had was the bathroom hadn't been renovated for a long time and was left in the 90s - but was clean and usable.  One morning we tried to print out a document and failed in the lobby computers but the head concierge very kindly printed it from his desk.  I would stay here again",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing location,"Perfect location, steps from Shepherd's Bush tube station and Westfield Mall.  Parking garage a VERY tight squeeze but thankful to find such a great location with reasonable parking rates (25 GPB/day).  Rooms were a good size for a London hotel.  Safe didn't work in my room but after a call to the front desk it was fixed right away.  The side of the bathtub was ridiculously high, would be impossible for an older person to get in and out.  I'm a healthy adult and I whacked my foot off it every single time I tried to get in.  Shower had great pressure.  We had the breakfast included and it was worth every single cent - exceptional spread with everything you could want. Gift shop in lobby for last minute souvenirs or stamps.  Wifi only in lobby, otherwise you have to pay and it's…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,"Lovely hotel very attentive friendly staff stayed or a long weekend over Easter very well located very clean and comfortable. Had a few issues which let it down we were offered an upgrade which never happened a simple error which did not spoil the visit. Housekeeping needs to be improved one day they left dirty cups in the room followed the next day by leaving an ice bucket full of water where it was not checked that it had been utilised. The breakfast restaurant was lovely with a superb selection on offer, room service again was fast hot food and reasonable. However the evening restaurant was adequate the food was excellent although the potatoes I was given with my steak were stone cold. Generally a good weekend overall I have stayed in many, Hilton hotels this was not the best…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location ,"Stayed here for 2 nights and found the front of house, restaurant, and housekeeping staff friendly, helpful and efficient. The rooms are about ready for a little attention - they seem ""tired."" I objected to paying 12.5% service charge for a barman to carry our drinks a few metres from the bar to where we sat but it is London! Next time, I'll carry them. However, that shouldn't put you off. Having stayed in other hotels in the city, this is one I can recommend. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very friendly staff, lovely clean room, amazing water fountain","When we arrived at the hotel we were immediately greeted with a smile by Quentin at the hotel reception.  Our room was pleasant but very warm and stuffy which we was disappointing as we had selected this hotel for the air conditioning option.  Upon contacting the reception we were told that it is not available during winter months and brought a fan which did help a little but not to the general heat of the room.  The other thing that we found strange was the mini fridge in the room didn't come on, again we were brought a spare fridge by the staff.  When we got into bed on the night we were horrified to realise that both quilts and pillows were duck down, being against animal cruelty and vegan we asked the hotel for an alternative which was again given without question.  Sadly we…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,"Great stay at the Hilton Kensington. We checked in half an hour before and only had to wait 10 mins for our room to be ready and we were given access to the executive lounge. Considering we were early this was a nice extra. Staff were friendly and approachable at all times. Shepard's bush station only 5 mins walk, I would suggest getting a visitors Oyster card as it saves a lot of time as you scan the card and go straight through. We topped up £20 which was enough for 3 days. There's a bus stop right outside the hotel. I would recommend the open top your bus at only £30pp which takes you around all the tourist attractions and landmarks in London. It is a hop on hop off service and tickets are valid for 24 hours which we used the next day to go to the London eye. Hotel room was…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced,"A great location, only a minutes walk from the central line underground. Staff were very friendly and welcoming giving the impression of good service. However, the room was cheaply furnished and in need of maintenance. The bathroom was clean, however cracks in the joints of the plumbing to the wall were an unsettling view. A complimentary bottle of spring water in the room will always be a nice gesture, but charging £3.95 for water is absolutely absurd and damn right insulting. The bed was uncomfortable, with a mattress as hard as a board and sheets as rough as they come. This is quickly forgotten when you move for whatever reason and the bed groans and stresses due to it's poorly supported frame attached to the wall. This was simply unforgivable as every time I moved in the…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable London hotel,"An above average Hilton with a convenient location for public transport. Not in central London, and as a result the room rate is a little better. I have stayed here a number of times and as others note the room sizes do vary quite a bit. If you are driving this hotel is outside of the congestion tax area.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Alright for business,"An overall solid hotel with good service, room quality can vary greatly between floors. Wide choice for breakfast. The location is quite convenient to get into town or west london, although it's really in the less glam shepherd's bush rather than kensington.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location to Westfield shopping trip,"We had a swift check-in with friendly receptionist. We were offered a 7-floor room. Looking out to nice a scenery & Westfield shopping centre in sight. Room was nice, but the heater not quite working even it's on a highest setting. It's ok once you tuck into bed.  When we came back from our dinner around 7.40pm, saw a young man set up the baby grand piano at the Lobby, so we sat & listen to him. Shame been spoiled by the experience of the 'overly-proud' mother talking over how proud she is to her son who's only in a young age to be able to get to play in this 5 star hotel. She goes on and on how many people praise her son this and that. I don't think we want to listen to that. He stopped playing after 3 piece of music, we took our chance to leave the lobby. Not really what we…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location on a bus route and close to the underground, friendly staff and superb decor. The rooms were lovely with very comfortable beds. We had drinks in the bar after we had our dinner and thought it had a nice atmosphere. Well worth a visit",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic bar staff,I travel a lot for work and never have I come across such a friendly bar staff. Conor Fitzpatrick in particular was extremely helpful. Travelling alone can be lonely but he was always making conversation and made my stay so much more enjoyable as a result. I'd definitely recommend this hotel if you want a friendly experience at the bar with fantastic service.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay For Our One Year Anniversary,"Me and my boyfriend visited here the very beginning of March and we had a wonderful stay. The nearest tube station (Holland Park) was closed (until August) so we had to get off the tube at Shepherds Bush which ended up being closer anyway and it was right next to Westfield. We checked in 5 minutes early and our room was ready, they asked us what floor we would prefer to be on and I asked for a higher floor and we got upgraded to a bigger front room. As soon as we checked in we received a free chocolate each and made our way up to our room. We also received complimentary bottled water (still and sparkling) which was lovely as we'd been travelling 4 hours that day. The bed was comfy, everything was clean and we had a great stay. I miss the shower the most as it was such a lovely…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recent Stay,Two night stay at what I believe would be an excellent venue was a nightmare. the room was unbearably hot and tiny. The aircon was room temperature when on cold so it was impossible to cool the room without opening the door. Breakfast was advertised as included in the room rate but cost an additional £14 per day. The minibar was also meant to be free and it was because it was empty!! It have two phones and a laptop non of which would connect to the WIFI so could not do any work. . I had password etc but the connection kept dropping off. . Cannot recommend. :(,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in great location!,"We have stayed at this hotel before, but this time we were upgraded to a deluxe room. The room was nice, and we were very happy with the upgrade. If I'm paying myself I'm won't bother with the upgrade, as I found the deluxe room pretty similar to the standard room.  The staff were friendly and helpful and we never waited more than a few seconds before someone helped us. We did appreciate the free chips (crips, not french fries) in the lobby bar.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,City break,"Lovely hotel. The room was just a standard but of a high quality. Lovely clean bathroom.  The breakfast was lovely, porridge was fab and the restaurant was sort of open plan but good quality food. One night I had a salad, it was massive.   Would I go back, yes, absolutely. The hotel had great train, tube and bus links too.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location - comfortable and clean,Stayed here for a few days while we were on a soccer junket.  It's walking distance to the Shepherd's Bush station.  Beds were comfortable and rooms were clean.  We opted for the included breakfast and it was a big spread that had plenty of choices.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First and last visit to a Hilton!3,"I was in London in Feb on business for a long weekend, for a conference at the London Olympia, so thought this hotel would be ideal as it was witihin walking distance and found this at a ""good rate"". It was relatively easy to find, and was just a short distance from Shepherds Bush station.  I checked in, which seemed to take a very long time, and was given a room on the 2nd floor. On the landing of the 2nd floor, directly outside my room, the skirting board was missing, which meant there was just bare plaster exposed, not a great first impression. The room itself was tiny, there was a fabric chair with a stain on it, the carpets looked old and stained and very worn, the bathroom floor was stained, the shower screen was dirty. As for the bed, i sat on it, and the bed was not only…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton - First Class,"We decided on this Hilton for it's position and cost through Last Minute's Secret Hotels! It did not disappoint and we were upgraded to an executive room with use of the executive lounge where you had free food and drinks during certain times of the day.  It is ideally placed for the tube, shops and attractions.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Service, Great stay","When arriving we were a little put off by the exterior but the lobby area is immaculate, well staffed and modern. We waited approximately 5 minutes to be seen by check in staff and Joseph saw us to a separate desk to check in. He politely explained where everything was and without asking, gave us an upgrade to an executive room, giving us access to the executive lounge. A great treat for my birthday!  We went directly upto our room, and although there was no view at all from our window, the room was cosy, well stocked, clean and had everything you'd need for a short stay. The only thing I would ask for was enough toiletries for 2 people as only 1 of everything was provided and the tubes are quite small! Anyone with vaguely long hair would need to use the entire tube just for one…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location is OK, hotel is OK.  Although really should be called Hilton Shepherds Bush!","We stayed for 2 nights over the weekend for £180, so not too expensive for fairly central hotel.  The check in was quick and efficient, although I don't like that they charge your credit card £100 that they apparently take about 5 days to credit back when you leave....no excuse for that these days credits should be put through immediately.  Most hotels just seek authorisation but do not put a charge. The worst thing about this hotel is the smell, everywhere is the horrible smell of overwhelming cheap air freshener....the reception even the bedrooms really stink of powerful air freshener which gives you a headache.  Can't imagine what smell they are trying to cover up!!! Other than that the hotel is OK, bit run down, but OK.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK for an overnight stay,"I stayed here for one night whilst in London for a meeting. The location is fine - just across the road from Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherds Bush tube station.   The hotel itself is standard fayre for a Hilton, the reception staff were very efficient. I had booked a standard room but was upgraded to an executive room on the 7th floor which was a nice surprise. I'm not sure whether the rooms were any better than the standard ones because the one I had was quite small and was looking as though it could do with a refresh. That being said, everything I needed was available and the housekeeping staff were excellent when I discovered that the hairdryer wasn't working. A new one was delivered within 5 minutes.   Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice and included Hilton's…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I have stayed here several times with my family and on business. It's a nice hotel ideally located and a short walking distance to the large Westfields shopping mall. Room service is good, we had a lovely vegetable soup and great fish and chips. The rooms are a bit small but OK, beds very comfortable. The executive lounge offers Google breakfast, snacks throughout the day and drinks in the evening. On the last occasion we stayed we needed a wheel chair. Take note that there is only one available and it only just squeezes in through the bedroom doorway. Staff are excellent and attentive, the bar in the lobby is good, an overall enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Five star service,"Had a weekend work trip to London and chose this mainly because we got a good price. The location is slightly out of the central zone, but only 20 mins on the tube to Oxford Circus. The nearest tube is about a 5 min walk away at Shepherds Bush, and there are buses outside to take you to the West End.  From checking in , we were given a warm welcome by all members of staff. The concierge team were really helpful and knowledgeable and recommended a walk in Holland Park, a beautiful place just 5 mins away. We had a slight problem with maintenance in the room, this was mentioned when we went down for breakfast, and was fixed by the time we went back upstairs half an hour later! The room was on the small side, but really we were only there to sleep so it wasn't a problem. we had an…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thoughful Service,What impressed me was their thoughtful consideration of my comments written when making the booking. It produced on check-in an upgrade including a better room and executive lounge use which added greatly to our stay - thank you Sarah. Sometimes this process can be overlooked but it demonstrated very good customer service and a Hotel that is listening. Whether your someone careful about what you eat or someone who enjoy's a hearty breakfast the buffet breakfast was greatly enjoyed. Transport links are very good with Shepherd's Bush station very close by and bus stops literally outside the front door.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful!,Excellent location!  Stayed in an Executive room and had access to the Executive lounge - SO worth it!  Beautiful neighborhood and the accommodations were more than acceptable.  We had a great stay and would stay again when visiting London!,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel and not to be discarded!,"Following 4 nights in this hotel, I cannot thank the staff enough for their hard work. From check-in to departure I could not fault this hotel. This is an excellent choice for families, groups or execs who need to be in London. The hotel is slightly out of the city centre but tfl Tube (Shepherds Bush) is literally across the road, along with this a plentiful supply of taxis and buses are on your doorstep. Yes the rooms are slightly small but they ARE adequate as you do tend to be out and about most of the time. The location is great, don't worry! The only food which we had in the hotel was our buffet breakfast each morning and it was plentiful, tasty and fresh! Thank you Hilton 100% satisfied :) ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable,"Quite small rooms at this Kensington hotel but this is ideal for Olympia, a brisk ten minute walk away if you are at an exhibition.  The rooms are clean and tidy, breakfast is very good and lots of choice. All the staff I met were helpful and the concierge helped arrange taxis and deliveries for me.  Would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"2nd time at this Hotel, and still very Good, All staff excellent Friendly and helpfull. Club Lounge very good, Great Value for London Hotel, its not in Centre, but Bus stops right outside and straight into Centre in about 15 Mins , Close to Notting Hill and Shepherds Bush, both great for shopping. The Rooms are Clean and comfortable, but please remember you are in London, so dont expect ""Large"" rooms Car Park on Sight but not cheap to park  We can recommend this Hotel, and look forward to returning",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great location in a nice area. Wonderful to be able to walk across the road and catch the bus.,"I have stayed here a few times now. I think the hotel has improved in standard. If you are a Hilton Honors member and are upgraded, you get the great benefit of being able to use the Executive Lounge.  I found after sight seeing all day, it was wonderful to come back and have a cup of tea and sandwiches in the lounge.  I found the food, snacks, fresh fruit of excellent quality, the hotel has certainly lifted its game. Also the location is great, the West  End bus across the road, also the bus to Oxford and  the Big Bus Tours. The Shepherds Bush tube a short walk away and Westfield shopping centre also not far. The staff and concierge were most helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,The staff make this hotel brilliant.   I felt totally looked after.  I had an executive room which was modern and large for London.   Breakfast in the lounge was great.   Close to transport and walking distance to Westfield Shepards Bush.  Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Past its sell-by date,Bedrooms small and tired. Bathrooms basic.  Wifi frustrating.....very slow and log on difficulties.  Breakfast not bad but restaurant a bit tired. Staff friendly and helpful. Location good for access to tube and Westfield Centre. Car Park scarily tight.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing really wrong with this place,"Convenient location near Westfield, and associated transport options (Southern Trains /Overground / Central Line). Very impressive large open lobby area on entering, and nice efficient check in process (having already checked in online using the excellent Hilton app). The room was well maintained and clean. Bathroom was a little dated in appearance and relatively low ceiling meant I had to stoop a little in the shower. I'm 6'3"" and my head would touch the ceiling if I stood up straight in the bath/shower. The gym was a little undersized in my view for the size of property. Executive lounge had a very good range of drinks and snacks, and serving until 8:30 was an advantage. Bar food was standard Hilton fare of high priced, average food with a default service charge added. …",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exellent hotel,"Went to this hotel for two nights, booked five rooms, my husband being a Hilton honours member, paid extra to upgrade to be able to have access to the executive lounge, ( well worth it ) when we were checking it , the receptionist a really lovely man, ( wish I had taken his name, ) went on to upgrade the other rooms, so we all had access to executive lounge, I would recommend that you upgrade to be able to do this, I wouldn't think twice about visiting this hotel, all staff members we came into contact with, we're so friendly, and helpful , and a credit to this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't rush back,"We decided to upgrade to a Deluxe Double room for the night. I'm not sure what was deluxe about it though...  I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, its London, we didn't pay much and we were only sleeping in it. The reception, lobby and bar area were all very nice and modern.  After a horrible nights sleep (the bed made the most horrendous noise anytime you moved any part of your body no matter how slight, the water system I think from next door was so loud in our room and went on for 5 minutes actually waking me up at one point) we told them on reception when checking out. They didn't seem that bothered and said they would get the maintenance team to take a look. Doesn't really help me...  I hate having to complain but it makes it worse when it feels like they are just going…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"A friendly and efficient Hotel that is situated very close to the excellent shopping at Westfield London and two minutes walk from the tube.  I stay at the Hilton Kensington quite a bit as it is easy to get into the city via the central line. The rooms are clean, service is good and its surprsingly quiet considering its location.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kathleen P,Just arrived back having had a great weekend at Hilton London Kensington great location . Big shopping centre just across the road with many great shops plus fantastic eating places. Very clean hotel good rooms and all staff very friendly and helpful breakfast very good with lots of choice.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a brief business visit,"I regularly work in West London and this was my first stay in the Hilton, Kensington - having previously stayed at the Hilton, Olympia. The hotel was buzzing with atmosphere on arrival yet check-in was speedy and efficient. The room was very good and wi-fi was excellent. Whilst it was a business trip I decided not to eat in the hotel for dinner or breakfast because prices are steep. I realise it is in west central London but £15 for fish and chips and £3.75 for a bottle of water is over the top. A five minute walk away is the Westfield shopping centre and an excellent choice of branded restaurants - you are spoilt for choice. In addition, the Waitrose supermarket just by the entrance is excellent. I have booked again but it is mainly for the location, the room quality and the…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very small room,"Location of this property is very good as it is situated around 5 minutes away from Sheperd's Bush Station and Westfield Shopping Center. As a Hilton Gold Member, I was upgraded into an Executive Deluxe but was very surprised to see how small the room is. The room size was actually mentioned in their website, but I still find it surprising. Carpet in the hallway and in the room is very dirty. Access to the Executive Lounge was a big plus.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend stay,"I and my husband stayed at this Hotel for a weekend. We use a lot Hilton hotels and always know what we get. We arrived midday but got our 1 Bedroom Suite without waiting for normal check-in. The lovely lady from Rome who checked is in was a credit for your Hotel, we talked about your fantastic Hotel Cavalieri in Rome. The Suite was nice, the sitting Room was nice Place just to relax. The Executive Lounge was good, once again the staff was very friendly. We used you Bar both nights after beeing out . The Manager Of the Bar , Ercon Koc,is running a very good team, it was very busy, but he remebered our names after serving us first time and next day did remember what we like to eat and drink, one again a credit for the Hotel. We did see an unpleasant thing that happened in the…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton, London Kensington","I found this a convenient location. The nearest tube is on the Central Line. Shepherd's Bush tube is 2 minutes walk away (walk across the big roundabout). Westfields is on the doorstep, so if you like shopping... There's also plenty of restaurants. The hotel is your standard Hilton. The lobby is inviting and I had a warm welcome and seamless check in. As with other reviews, I agree that the rooms are on the smaller side. I had a double and it was petite, the bathroom one person at at time size. However, the room was clean and reasonably decorated. There were a few bangs and knocks that needed retouching but I felt comfortable.There was a kettle, tea/coffee and an empty fridge that you could stock yourself or ask for it to be filled. In the wardrobe there was a safe, iron +…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service,"Arrived late but the check in process was smooth and my per-assigned room was upgraded. The room was very clean, comfortable and I was able to thoroughly relax before my conference the following day.  The Hilton breakfast is one of the best if not the best in all the major chains. Always a good way to start the day. The staff in the reception, lounge and dining room were all very good. My next trip is already booked.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing and tired hotel,First disappointment is that this hotel is actually just on Shepherd's Bush roundabout so calling it Kensington is stretching things a bit. Certainly if you didn't know London you would feel conned. It's a fair distance from Kensington high street and the trendy shopping area. Second disappointment was that the hotel has definitely seen better days. Very tired and shabby really. Reception staff that greeted us were less than welcoming. Really not interested it seemed. As Hilton honours card holders we walked to the Hilton honours check in area ( special little carpet and everything) except we were asked by the receptionist to go to the next desk which she was standing at. Guys if you are going to have a loyalty program make sure your staff buy in to it !  We decided for…,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel,watch your car in carpark",Hotel and staff very welcoming However be careful driving into and out of the car park as very tight and steep.Also no lift up to reception so had to carry cases up stairs.Once in hotel reception and consiage were excellent ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what I would expect from a Hilton,"This property is very tired and the rooms much smaller than any other Hilton property I have visited. As a Diamond member I was disappointed not to be upgraded, and although I had booked a deluxe room, the room I got was very small and had a stained carpet and damage to various fittings. All in all it was not a great experience, and to make matters worse after eating some snacks during the drinks service in the Executive Lounge I became violently sick. I will never return to this property.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, friendly staff","We stayed here with friends and found the rooms clean and comfortable. The staff are a credit to the hotel, very friendly and welcoming. Housekeeping staff deserve a special mention as they were always smiling and helpful! The breakfast was very good. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal,"Very close to Shepherds Bush tube station, this hotel was ideal for access to the West End.  Staff were polite and helpful.  We booked single rooms but were given doubles which were very spacious. Had a great weekend and would definitely come back",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great stay,The best staff I have experienced in a hotel for a long time. The room was a bit small and the bed was a small double but outside of this the hotel for its price and location was excellent. Between Notting Hill and Westfield shopping centre,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"This hotel is nice, not fabulous, but quiet.  Great access to Holland Park Underground and not too far from Kensington Station.  Great business lounge and bar.  Watched some football games with guests and what fun!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"The hotel was in a fantastic location for the central line, and minutes walk to Westfield Shepard's Bush. The hotel itself is stunning, modern and clean. Our room was comfortable and well lit, the bathroom clean and spacious. We ate in the bar and drank in there each night of our stay (3 nights). The staff are absolutely fantastic, making sure our room was satisfactory and we had everything we needed. In the bar the staff were so friendly and remembered our names and the drinks we usually ordered! The Saturday night there was a pianist that was just amazing, he played such beautiful music and chatted with us in the break. The manager of the bar Ercon Koc ensured we had a lovely experience in the bar and that we were fed and watered. Such a lovely man who genuinely expressed an…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel - but spoilt by the rudest Customers!!,I stayed here with a colleague last week for a work trip. We had never stayed at this hotel before as it's not usually an area we work in - but we were so pleased to have had the chance!  The hotel itself was lovely but the staff were absolutely AMAZING!!!  The guy who checked us in was so personable. We actually witnessed the rudest customers in this hotel... I don't know how the staff remain so professional and smiley. I would have certainly have lost my patience.  The rooms were really spacey (we just had a standard double each) and really clean.  Unfortunately the guests were quite loud! :(  The breakfast was the best... I think this was because of the Nutella muffins and the fab service from the lovely Greek man who worked there (and gave me a box to take our Muffins away…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent overnight stay,"We stayed at this hotel for one night. Immediately, we were impressed with the lobby decor, looks very fancy! Check in was easy with no queues, and the receptionist was very friendly, knowledgeable and professional. We upgraded our room upon check in for an extra £10 each, to get a king size bed and road view. Our room was very clean and modern with basic tea/coffee making facilities and TV with freeview. Dressing gowns and slippers were available in the wardrobe for our stay. Wi-fi connection was included in our room.  Alcoholic drinks at the bar are expensive, as you would expect for a London hotel, although I asked for a Costa hot chocolate which was made quickly for me, and given to me complimentary, which was a nice touch.  We had a great night's sleep and had breakfast…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing break.,"I spent last weekend at this hotel. The whole hotel had a welcoming feel to it. The bedroom was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was excellent. The choice was very good. Had a bar meal and this was well presented, tasty and plenty of it. All the staff were pleasant and helpful. Buses stop right outside the hotel and the tube station was five minutes away. The Shepherds Bush station was nearer than Holland Park. Will certainly return to this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very nice staff,lovely stay very helpful friendly staff and very clean room - was little hot at night air con didn't go low enough for me - food and bar was excellent and staff remember who you are and what you were drinking,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Do not stay there,"Was staying for 1 night. Had only 1 business suit with me. Put on cost in the morning and forgot my vest. Left hotel and emailed them from the train. Was informed that no jacket was found in a room. I can't believe that in Hilton they would steal from the guest. Rooms are very small and bathrooms are in need for refublishement. Coridor smells with old carpet. This hotel does't deserve to be named Hilton. Have send 2 emails with request to follow up on jacket, no responce and no call back",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay! ,"We stayed here Saturday 20th February for one night as had tickets for the walkerstalkercon at olympia on the Sunday. I have stayed at other hiltons and double tree as I know what to expect - immaculate comfy rooms and great service,room was spotless and nice and warm and the staff could not be more helpful,check in was very swift and staff very friendly and made us feel very welcome.On check in we were given a gift bag with complimentary champagne and water for our room and a hand written note as we were new hilton honours members which was a very nice touch,certainly don't get that kind of reception at other hotels that's for sure! Anyway to cut along story short really enjoyed our stay and will 100% return and recommend to my friends.Thankyou hilton for fantastic hotel and…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"London Hilton Kensington, a rather tired hotel, with great reception staff","Two weeks ago, my wife and I spent a weekend in London. The Hilton in Kensington seemed an affordable place for a short trip to London. When we got there, the lady at reception was very nice. Got a smile on our face right away, with her friendly chatter, talking about the surroundings, told us we were upgraded, it could not be better, we thought then…. Unfortunately, when we reached the room, it was a little less good. In the hallway we already felt a little less happy, drab walls and doors, and damaged and not repaired, wall covering. The room was not much better. The floor had a scary red stain (I hope it was spilled nailpolish), the closet had a grip missing, and the bathroom, oh, the bathroom….. A ugly water damaged tap, dirty lines between the floor tiles, and an ugly spot…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not to Hilton Standards,"stayed here Friday and Saturday night as we were meeting friends and family in London for my birthday. When we arrived we were greeted warmly and checked in quickly, we went to our room on the 7th floor and i can honestly say the fact that the room was quiet was it's only redeeming point. Room was small, ok we are only sleeping here not moving in, it was dusty, carpets looked a bit dirty, sink was chipped, panel beneath sink was fixed with wood screws some capped some not and it had a hole in it, shower tray was very worn and had ingrained dirt, taps were badly tarnished the list goes on. We decided not to make a fuss as it was only for 2 nights. My GF booked breakfast in the room for Sunday morning as a birthday surprise, she hung the sign on the door around 10pm (it states…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for transport to city.,"An OK hotel with good bus and tube connections to city of London. Nearby Shopping center at Shepherds Bush -fantastic. Check room size before booking if more than 1 person. Rooms very small, only suitable as Single rooms.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful staff, great breakfast","We stayed here for leisure (not business, as many reviewers do) in early Feb 2016. The hotel reception and public areas were clean and modern, we were very quickly checked in and sent to our room.   The room was a little disappointing, old and worn-down with a bathroom that looked a little grubby and stained carpets. I immediately raised my issues with Sena on reception who was wonderful. She very quickly dealt with our problems and upgraded us to a much nicer (and bigger) room. She even sent a little gift to help us celebrate my birthday.   From there on the stay was faultless. We had cocktails in the bar before we went out for dinner - the bar manager was incredibly welcoming and made an excellent drink. We enjoyed the atmosphere and drinks so much, we came back after dinner…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic base for London,"Booked in this hotel for 2 nights and needed to extend it to 3. It's perfect for transport, central line at Shepherds Bush is 5 mins walk and there is a bus stop directly outside. It's easy to drive into and through the car park is small there have always been spaces when I stay.   The restaurant is often closed, but the bar is great for hotel food if you don't want to go out. I'd expect most people go into London to eat.   The people are friendly and the other guests in the hotel, though could be noisy later at night in the bar and lobby could not be hear in the room.   Rooms are of a good size, not the shoebox you'll get closer into the city.  Overall a great hotel with much going for it. Transport is great, it's not dead centre but you get a better room for your money. If…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located for Westfield and Shepherds Bush tube station,"I've stayed at this hotel a few times when working in London. It is conveniently located a few minutes walk from Westfield as well as Shepherds Bush tube station on the Central Line, which gets you right into the heart of London in just 10 minutes or so.  The bedrooms are clean and comfortable.  For Hilton diamond members, the executive lounge is quite big and does a good selection for breakfast as well as early evening snacks and drinks, although disappointingly there are no beers from any of the 78 or so breweries that we have in and around London these days.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wanted to give more Stars.. Wasnt the Staffs fault.,"Let me start by saying that if Staff Service is the highest thing you rate on your stays, you should look at this place as it was impeccable.  very friendly and willing to help at every turn.  I was very impressed with this.  other PROs : Tidy Hotel, clean rooms, good location close to a tube station and bus line that can get you into the central London City without a swap (or maybe on depending on where you need to go).  we got to buckingham palace on one bus (the 148) for like 1 pound 50 .    Cons  - bed was like a rock.  not the worst that we have slept in but was very very hard, that compiled with the shocking feather pillows, we didnt get a whole lot of uninterrupted sleep.  If you like a real hard bed you can probably survive, but you may want to ask for different pillows…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not worthy of the Name or the Stars.,Was on a business trip for 3 nights at the Hilton and the rooms are London typical very small with  a very low ceiling. The rooms and the entire interior of the hotel  seem like they haven´t been taking care of for a decade. Very worn down. Only the great and friendly staff avoided me giving them 1 point only. The list of misfits would be too long and I dont want to waste my time on this one. Avoid if possible.,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Valentine treat,"My husband is going to be 60 and I have booked quite a few nice trips for him. Our first being Valentines weekend in London ( we are from Scotland). I booked the Hilton London Kensington, then noticed a few negative reviews on Tripadvisor! I emailed the hotel and explained my concerns and received an email assuring me we would be well looked after. How right they were!! I requested an early check-in and an upgrade as I am a Gold Hilton Hhonors member. On arrival Charlene greeted us and was so chatty and friendly, making us feel so welcome. Our room was not only ready, but we had been upgraded to an executive room giving us access to the lounge. We were introduced to the manager at reception, who said any problems please contact him.  The room was compact, but had a seating area…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"Just got back from a two night stay at the hilton, Kensington,  nice room, friendly,  helpful staff and fantastic breakfast, great value for money and will definitely stay there again.  Great location,  short walk to Notting hill,  close to shepherds bush for transport links, excellent. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington Holland Park,"Don't be fooled by the outside appearence of this hotel it looks basic. But inside the lobby/lounge/bar areas are fantastic. All staff very very attentive and friendly. As we were celebrating our 20th anniversary we treated ourselves to the presidential suite - which was lovely. Decor a bit dated abut room was massive with balcony. The hotel staff arrange complimentary gifts in our room because they knew we were celebrating anniversay , they were truly beautiful and nearly made me cry - so thoughtful and much appreciated. Executive lounge is excellent free drinks and nibbles for 2 hours - Well worth the room upgrade to get executive lounge access. Location is out of London but central line takes you back in central London in just 10 minutes - easy.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent stay,"Good hotel, close to a tube station and shopping. Rooms are comfortable and clean albeit since this is an older hotel the rooms are not that big. Staff are very friendly. I will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Musty Moldy Experience,"The hotel had a musty/moldy smell - that worsened over my 3 day stay.  When I booked the hotel, I asked for a King Size room, and when I arrived was given a single room and told we will fix it, if you don't like it.  I was jet lagged and had heavy business commitments - the last thing I had time to do was worry about my hotel accommodations.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, good location","Booked for a Sunday night here as central for our business appointments.  On arrival colleagues were very helpful, friendly & polite.   Room was good size, comfortable & tastefully decorated.   All public areas were clean & well maintained with fantastic service from the bar colleagues.   The executive lounge has great facilities & refreshments.   Perfect Hilton stay!  ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Service, Lousy facilities","The rooms are very small, very dated and poorly maintained.  The owner of the hotel is clearly trying to squeeze out every last pound and it shows.  The service is good, but the facility is  very poor.  Paid too much for a good address...",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not the best Hilton, but staff are great!","We enjoyed a pleasant stay at this Hotel over the Valentines weekend, the professionalism and politeness of all staff really stood out. The Hotel is situated really nicely for Kensington as it is a short walk to Westfield shopping centre and also from the station.  The things that made us not rate the hotel as 5/5 are as follows –  The Room Service – I would avoid ordering room service, the staff are brilliant but the food is not up to a high standard, the pizza was a bit burnt and just generally didn’t taste very nice (which considering the price is a real shame)   The Room – The room was cosy and clean, it just lacked a bath. It could have been my mistake as I know the photos are displayed on a generic room and subject to differ but I was disappointed to have just a shower and…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,30th birthday weekend away,Absolutely gobsmacked at the professional friendly staff helped make my partners 30th birthday amazing... executive lounge lovely with plently of options available ... we will 100% deffently be back... Thank you Hilton Kensington ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location and great sleep due to no outside London noise! ,"The room was lovely and clean and there was no outside noise at all which is usually common place for a London hotel. An excellent location 5 minutes from Westfield shopping centre with places to eat and shop and Shepherd's Bush tube station - leads straight onto central line.   The staff at the hotel were very helpful especially the concierge.  The only downside was the £50 charge as soon as you checked in, this may be common in some London hotels, however I was not told about this prior to my stay. So ensure you have that handy. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great reasonably priced hotel,"Great value for a reasonably priced hotel. Location is excellent, close to tube and shops. Staff very helpful and it has a nice atmosphere to return to after a busy day. It is basic in some ways, no extra pillows or any cushions. But clean, comfortable, staff do as much as possible to help and it seems well thought out to make life as easy as possible. Thank you for a good stay!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,European travel with kids,"We were at this hotel last summer traveling with a 12 & 15 year old. We selected this hotel for a combination of reasons. 1) Hilton brand to use some VIP points 2) it looked good from TripAdvisor reviews 3) It had connecting rooms which can be a real challenge to find in hotels throughout Europe!   The connecting rooms in our situation were fantastic! They upgraded us to a unique situation with a king room connected to an very small entertainment room connected to a double room. My husband I were able to sleep comfortably in the King room, we could have snacks and/or a couple people could sit in the entertainment room, and the kids slept in the double. Plus we ended up with a 3rd bathroom because of the entertainment room. That was fantastic!   The hotel is large and the…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,a pleasure,"we have stayed at this hotel many times in the past three years,quality,quality,quality charming staff very attentive always seem to enjoy their work would recommened to anyone business family weekend breaks it has something for everyone",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to the usual Hilton Standards,"Have stayed here before, but feel let down this time. When we checked in, were asked if we wished to book breakfast, even though it had been pre-booked, Also found out they had down graded us without out telling us or reducing the price, Had booked executive room but allocated standard room, apparently because I requested an accessible room. Then told there were none ready, please wait in the executive lounge for 10 minuets, waited nearly an hour. No soap in the room. Room very small. Main restaurant only open for breakfast. Only food in in lounge bar but very overpriced.  One disabled parking bay at front of hotel, but occupied by a taxi. If you park in coach bay, large curb to negotiate with wheelchair. In restaurant for breakfast were offered table between two pillars, almost…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant one night stay on a cold foggy day,"I was travelling back to USA from India via London with a night's stopover. We were undecided whether to stay near the airport or in the city. Finally Central London won over and we booked ourselves in this Hilton. Delhi was cold and London was colder, add to it our grogginess and we were really grumpy. However, right from check in till the check out, the amazing staff of this hotel not only raised our spirits but also prepared us to brave colder New Jersey weather which awaited us. Location is superb for this hotel and though cold, we walked around in the evening till pretty late with a lot of eateries and shopping joints around. I loved the breakfast spread the next day as well as the services",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Classy!,"I spent 2 nights here with a group of friends, and I find hotel Hilton quite classy and lovely plus a  chic reception area.  The staffs were very professional, jovial and helpful, you could see good training and qualification in how they handled their  duties. Check in was fast and no delays at all, our room was lovely and clean, it felt like home.... Breakfast also was very good we really enjoyed it.     ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in Shepherd Bush,Nice hotel very near the Shepherd Bush station and tube with very good prices. The rooms are slightly smaller but they are bright. A bit of tirenss at some furniture is about to be corrected. Staff is very good and the executive lounge is of excellent quality. The breakfast there is really good. There is good recognition of the higher status of H Honours. I would stay again,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,Great location for visiting Westfield.  Good location on West side of London to save driving right into central london.  Underground is 5 minute walk.  Hotel room was very comfortable and clean and good value for london hotel.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Serious cleanliness issues,"Hotel has serious cleanliness issues. Hair under shower, dirty toilet seat, dust everywhere, disgusting (dirty) remote for TV. Furniture also begs for refreshing. Definitely dirtiest 4star I've ever stayed in.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor room ,"Staff is friendly, but that's the only positive thing I could say after staying there for 2 nights. Never take a room on the 6th floor with a minuscule rotten shower cabin. Dirty q-tips from the previous visitor not cleaned from the bathroom. Breakfast is a battle. Huge damage to Hilton as a brand. ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Very welcoming and friendly staff.  Quick check-in, check-out. Great value for money, good location, great breakfast including full English, vegetarian, pastries, fresh fruit (if you want something that's not on display just ask staff) help yourself coffee/tea/hot chocolate etc. Joined Hilton Honors so got a good deal and room with a view.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hospitable and friendly staff,"It is a fairly clean and well located hotel near ""Shepherd's Bush"" tube station, which is near Westfield mall. The staff at the Lounge bar are very friendly and helpful. Food is good and they're quick to attend to you.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A nice place to stay,"I was booked into this hotel by my company for 2 nights due to its location near Shepherd's Bush. I must say I had a good but short stay there. Gym was a bit small but well equipped, they have a steam room too which was a nice touch. Bed was comfortable and the staff was pleasant to talk to.  I would recommend this hotel also due to its good value for money.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend !!,"The hotel is very used and tired needs upgrading. Carpets in rooms are filthy our room was not c;leaned properly, we had 2 rooms the other was ok. Will not be back unless hotel upgrades even though good location and value for money was good as we had a special rate !!!",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quality,"Lovely friendly service.  Good sized rooms, with excellent showers.  So close to Westfield mall, easy walking to Hyde Park.  Rooms had Apple TV/computers.  Quiet and well insulated.  A pleasure to stay, everything looked quality, and lived up to the Hilton standard. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"I've been visiting this hotel since 2003 and not much (read: nothing) has changed since that time. The hotel is conveniently located close to the Westfield shopping mall (walking distance) and metro station.   The hotel offers small rooms and some of them are very noisy. Ask for a quiet room at checkin.   As a Hilton Honors diamond member I used to receive special treatment, but those days are over as Hilton had downgraded the program to zero extras. If you spend a lot of time in hotels I would strongly recommend to switch to Starwood, who continuously upgrade their SPG program.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK,"My stay at Hilton Kensington London was OK for the price paid, nothing special i didnt think. Bed a bit noisy / rattly and tiles beneath shower tray in a poor state so overall i thought it was a bit tired. Very handy for Shepherds bush tube.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff & a lovely long weekend!,"We were upgraded to a suite with Executive lounge access. We have always been looked after at the Kensington. The room was not quite ready so we were escorted to the lounge, hot drinks, soft drinks & snacks were readily available. We were not disappointed with the room with a lounge, I found the lift a little annoying at first & as people vacate the lift & chat their was a level of noise, so if your a light sleeper this room was not for you, ask for a quite room.   Saturday night/Sunday morning was a disaster a noisy family across the hall & next morning as I stepped out of the room their was Food/yogurt outside in the corridor & by the lift. I rang down to reception immediately then went down to reception as if left it could cause an accident beside the mess in the corridor, I…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"My stay at the Hilton Hotel, Shepherds Bush, London",I was very pleased with the standard of service and the attentiveness of the staff to all my needs. I will certainly stay in this hotel again and recommend it to my friends and colleagues who visit London,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over priced for a double room,"Only best thing about it, is that Westfield shopping centre is close by,   Staff was very friendly and caring and breakfast was reasonable  Room was far to small and the prices way beyond average.  Bathroom was smaller than travelodge or any budget hotel  parking was a rip off",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,Very comfortable hotel and very good value also despite being further out of London city this is overcome as the Hotel is v. close to 2 tube stations  on the central line . This gets you in to London centre in next to no time,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"Check in and check out, can take for ages. Why, I have no idea. My room was small, dated, and had obviously suffered a recent water leak, as the carpet outside the bathroom was soaked and smelt musty. Parking charges are hideous and the car park is cramped and very tight if you have a large car. On the plus side, the Bar staff are excellent and really go out of their way to look after you. I wouldn't stay here again out of choice, but as it is relatively close to Olympia where I was attending a Trade Fair, I had little choice.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"The hotel is in a great location.  The quality is what you would expect from Hilton at a much more reasonable price than we anticipated.  We will certainly return for our next trip to London.  Last time we stayed we used Holland Park underground station but as that station was closed (until Aug 2016), we used Shepherd's Bush which turned out to be much closer.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and good,"My partner and I experienced a great Hilton Hotel in London Kensington, near Holland Park and close to Shepard's Bush underground, however the cost of room was cheaper on another site than being a Hilton HHonours member which was disappointing.  You can walk to Notting Hill, or continue to Kensington gardens and see the amazing houses nearby. The shopping centre Westfield is huge and it contains a cinema and lots of eating places.   It was a good size and clean room on the 1st floor with a large bed, a safe, hair dryer, with small, adequate bathroom. Only enough 2 teas & coffees sachets, 2 milk cartons and no hot chocolate in the bedrooms which was poor for drinking facilities in a Hilton.  Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and would definitely come back again",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Diamond no upgrade....,"Stayed in this hotel a number of times... and as a frequent visitor to London and having diamond membership always expect a room upgrade, however I always know hotels can be busy and a upgrade won't be available... I asked at checkin as hadn't received a upgrade to be told no rooms available we are full...which is completely fine and understand that.... So imagine my distain to check the Hilton honours app to see the next room up from mine available and ready to be purchased... I do worry about keeping my diamond membership as its the 4th year I have had it and easily qualify within the first part of year which describes my Hilton usage... If now the standard is such we don't get the privileges we are entitled to, I am tempted to switch brands... Please see attached photos…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good but away from city centre,I stayed at the hotel principally  because it had private underground parking. I suspect that the parking bays were marked out many years ago when cars were narrower so getting in and out of the car once parked in a full car park was tricky ! The room was very small but comfortable but given the price paid I can't complain. Music from an event on the ground floor on Friday night could clearly be heard in my room on the first floor so I would suggest asking for a room on a higher floor. It's a fairly long but easy journey to central London on either a bus or tube and the concierge was very helpful in explaining the options.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and friendly staff,"We really liked this hotel, got a fair rate for room, parking and breakfast. Very friendly staff, especially concierge and reception. Our room was very cosy and comfortable with a great layout and lovely bed. Bathroom was small but functional and very clean with plenty of hot water. Tea/coffee facilities etc. Breakfast was buffet style with plenty of choice from full English to continental style. Very yummy!! Five minute walk to Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush tube so easy to get anywhere. Taxi rank at hotel. All in all would def recommend and would def return. Thanks for a comfortable stay.  ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It could be better,"Everything in London is expensive, so you've got decent hotel for the good price. However location is a bit too far from the center and 10 min walk from the tube. It's an older building and while street facing rooms ok the  inner one could be depressing and VERY small. Room is clean but bathroom had cracks and wood routeing etc. Elevators are extremely slow",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good service, clean","Very fast check in, clean and neat room, internet could have been faster, tub was very narrow, nice executive lounge accommodations - food and drink, staff was very friendly and helpful. Good location - close to tube and Westfield mall.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The fact is you are in Shepherds Bush,"My goat gets well and truly got when a hotel pretends it's in a swanky part of town when it is indeed not. So you lose 1 mark for this. The bed was awful, creaky and you could feel the I'll fitting mattress topper through the sheet.  Bathroom was tired Decor was good, quite modern. I liked breakfast but another pet hate is when tables are too close together you can hear the conversation of the people next to us clearly.   Very handy location for Westfield  (Kensington?! Or Shepherds Bush?!) Close to tube and into central London in 10 minutes.  It's fine for a night but I wouldn't chose it other than its location. There are much better Hilton hotels in london",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with great location!,First time staying at this hotel and its great!!  the location is also practical and convenience.  A shopping centre very close by....a subway station and restaurants. The hotel is very clean. Service was excellent.  Rates are very good and reasonable.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"Everything was alright as expected. Would recommend to stay there to others. The service was very good, so was the food. I really enjoyed the location of the hotel - it is very covenient. Westfield mall is in a walking distance from the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"My wife and I stayed for one night . The hotel itself was clean and pleasant and the reception staff very efficient and friendly. We booked an executive room which included entry to the executive lounge. The lounge was quite comfortable but limited in what it offered in terms of food- only olives bread and crisps - much less of a selection than some other hotels we have been to but the drinks selection was good. Its a good basic hotel near shops and station but no wow factor here. Once home my wife realised that she had left her dress and cardigan hanging in the hotel wardrobe however when we called to ask them if they had found it we were met with a blank and no apology and no explanation... very disappointing, in fact the housekeeping staff were quite rude . Make sure that if…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel Next to Shopping,Nice hotel and next to Kensington Mall(walking Distance).Rooms were a bit small but comfortable and nice.All the staff is friendly and helpful.Nice breakfast but restaurant is very simple with limited choices especially in Vegetarian food.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,hilton kensington,"return weekend visit lovely location near westland shopping village ,great breakfast, will return next year,staff very friendly ,quiet at nightime very comfortable bed,taxi outside hotel.express checkout.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for Westfield Shopping Centre,"Stayed at this Hilton as was told it was close to the Westfield shopping Centre and it was - just 5 minutes across the road and practically right next door to Shepherds Bush Underground station so really easy to get to via the train.  Hotel itself was a bit disappointing for a Hilton, although the service and food was great, the room was in need of improvements.  Especially the bathroom where all the paint was chipped and peeling off and looked a bit mouldy.  But having said that would stay there again for ease of the shopping centre.  Bit expensive for what is was through.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location. Great staff!!,"I did like the location although I did not think I would. One can walk to Portobello market on saturday and a big Westfield is just around the corner. The underground is also a stroll away. The staff is very attentive and welcoming. From reception to the bar to the breakfast buffet they are outstanding. But, the bathroom in my room needs some taking care of and quickly.  The rest I loved and would return. Should management need pictures of the bathroom in 4072 I have them.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good London hotel,"Good hotel for a decent nights sleep while away with work.  Service at reception on check in/out was quick and friendly. The room was large and comfortable, with a decent bed and good bathroom facilities.  The hotel seemed busy from the lobby and restautrant, but the higher floors were fairly quiet.  Room service and breakfast was good.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel Shepherds Bush - disappointing,"Entrance, Bar area and welcome by staff was great. Extremely disappointed in the quality and cleanliness of the room / bathrooms. Needs a refurbish so try to get a good deal or a HHonors upgrade as the standard rooms (even a DeLux) was disappointing Not what you expect for a Hilton! But the location is fantastic to Westfields shopping centre & tube / bus links",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but needs updating ,The staff were friendly and polite as well as accommodating. When we first arrived in our room the bed was unstable and the mini fridge didn't work. We were given another room quickly which was more spacious and had better facilities. On check out day the shower was only luke room but was fixed in good time by the engineer. We were given a delayed checking out time as a result. The bar is good however we did not try the food. Ideal location for westfields shopping centre and accessing central London. ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a bad little Hilton - worh staying especially for tourists,"This is an interesting Hilton.  Please note I travel a lot and I am very critical of hotels and very insistant on value for money  Downside  1. its an older property so the rooms and corridors are a little on the smaller side.  2. slightly out of the city centre.  HOWEVER plenty of upsides.  It it just across the road from the Shepherds Bush Rail and Tube station five minute walk maximum - this is a big plus - you can get to any part of London easy and quickly.  So all the Major London Tourist sites are a couple of tube stops away.  Rooms prices less than half and in some cases two thirds cheaper than the city centre hotels.  Also not bad parking charges  Although this is an Older hotel a lot of money has been invested in the furniture and fittings.  Making it, in many cases as…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Bad hotel, cold rooms.","The hotel itself seemed to be quite old, the air conditioning system in the rooms is basically useless and it was cold all the time. Free wifi is available only in the hall, if you need wifi inside your room you need to PAY for it ( I payed more than 100 GBP ).  Definitely not worth the money.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel & Location ,"We ended our Trafalgar Tour here. Although it is not in the heart of London  it is a modern hotel in a good location. Don't fool yourself in thinking you are going to walk to all the main tourist attractions. However,  if you plan on being out all day its worth taking the bus or taxi. It is right near the Westfield Shopping Mall and has great shops and pubs along the street.  The hotel staff was great and morning breakfast was excellent.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Spot,Finished our stay in the UK with this hotel. It was a great spot being close to Shepherds Bush Tube station and Westfield. It was nice to be in such a comfortable room for the few days when the weather outside was just awful. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Nice Hilton Hotel in London located in West-Central London area, near Holland Park and very close to underground hub Shepard's Bush, with good connections on the central line. We enjoyed a fairly good and clean room on the 7th floor. If you like a silent room, be sure to book one on the backside of the hotel, because there is a lot of traffic on the street in front. General impression: good/ok. Clean beds, but don't expect spacious, new rooms and hallways. Hotels seems to be refurbished recently. Very friendly and helpful staff, though. And a good (English) breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay in London for people with a little bit of extra time.,Stayed a few days last month during a Eurotrip.  This hotel was booked via priceline so we were happy with the price and the location.  It was a bit far from the normal sights and stops during a london trip but it was a quick bus ride from the metro station and the buses also worked very efficiently.  The staff were very helpful and we had no problems with anything during the stay. we had an amazing view on a nice quiet street.  I want to say this was a very typical Hilton experience but it sounds like it comes off a bit negative but it was anything but that.  Had a hot bath every night and a comfortable bed with a good heat / ac system.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We have stayed here before but this time decided to book a double executive room as in previous stay we booked a double room and found the room very small as i need an extra rollaway bed for my 4 year old. Booked through Hilton website, requested a rollaway bed all very easy especially being a hilton honour member. Check in was smooth everything was all ready for when we arrived, bearing in a mind i booked the room only 3 hours before! Breakfast at the executive lounge was nice and cosy, although it was more help yourself than any sort of table service. The best bit about the hotel is it location opposite Westfield it is so central that you are near everything harrods, madame tausand are all within 2 miles. I would certainly stay here again in an executive room.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay - highly recommend,"Was very pleasantly surprised with this hotel, staff were extremely efficient and helpful. Requested additional towels for example and the concierge had made it to our room with the towels before we had got back up there from the reception desk. Parking was very reasonable, everything was exceptionally clean and reception lobby was beautifully presented. Very worthwhile stay and excellent value for money",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Excellent location, near Shepherd's bush station. Bus station just in the front. Near Westfield shopping centre. Rooms a bit small (for families). Nice view of the Royal Crescent park. Walking distance from Notting Hill and  Holland Park.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,WOULD NEVER STAY IN ANOTHER HILTON HOTEL,"We stayed for four nights in June 2015 and paid for a suite. It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The furniture was old and scratched, there were stains on the lounges and carpet and the paint was peeling off the woodwork. We have stayed in hotels much older than this and they have been beautiful so age is no excuse for the state of the rooms and fittings. I would say the suite we were in has never been updated since the hotel was built",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT ! ,"I love this hotel ! the breakfast is super delicious and everything is nicely decorated . However , there's some problem w the thermostat but other else nothing ! I wasn't upgraded tho :( I love my stay here and the executive longue ! PERFECT ! And it's super super convenient ! I will suggest tourists to stay here ! ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","We come have been to this Hilton several times. For us it's about the location and the Hilton mixed together. It's not far from London City, away from the crowds and its in one of the best residential area in London. You can walk to Notting Hill, or continue to Kensington gardens, walk to the Royal Albert Hall o and Hyde Park. There is a lovely pub that serves food and drink 2 mins walk away called the Castle, restaurant , newsagents, Tesco and Holland Park underground (this will be closed until Aug 16). Walk around the houses - they are amazing. There is also the shopping centre Westfield which is huge and enjoyable, it contains a cinema and there are lots of eating places and The underground Shepherds Bush is located here. The bus stop including the open top busses are…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,will not stay again,We have stayed here multiple times over the years.  This time the service was so poor I think we will be looking at other Hilton properties in the future.  London was very hot when we were there.  The thermostat in our room was not working.  We reported it - nothing.  Reported it at the front desk - nothing.  Practically yelled the third time and a repairman did come.  Problem was he fixed the fan to blow but did not fix the AC.  Spent a warm night and complained again (#4) and it was finally fixed.  Should not have to go to that much trouble.   We stayed 7 nights.  We qualified for the executive lounge for 4 nights of the 7.  We were not allowed to use it because we needed to qualify for all 7.  Asked if we could use it for the 4 nights we qualified but told no.  It was all or…,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good experience from London,It was my first time to visit London and I've stayed for two nights with my friend. The room was smaller than I've expected bur it was clean.  And sound of the heater was bit loud in my room.  Also the breakfast was little salty for me. Even the hotel is little away from the central of the city but it did not bother me cauz the transportation was comfortable. Overall it was nice to stay. ,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very satisfied.. Highly recommend,"I stayed there for 2 weeks,and had a very good experience. The hotel staff is very cordial n warm. I had checked in quite late in the evening, and was extremely hungry, so ordered from my room fish n chips (which was par excellence) and coffee... Although I was told by the kitchen staff they don't provide coffee to the room, when the staff came with the food I was given coffee as well and to complimentary.  The view from my room was not great though, I was in the third floor n there a o view apart from a big tree   The local of this hotel is perfect. In very post area... Tube station shepherds bush and Holland park are both a few mins walk away.   The room and bathroom were very clean.  There were tea bags n decaf saches available in plenty   The WiFi is works really well  …",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice staff, mediocre hotel","Positives: located approx. 10 minutes from Holland Park tube station, gorgeous neighborhood.  Staff at hotel were very pleasant.  Was able to check in early.  Negatives:  A tapping noise coming from an air vent/heating system kept me awake much of the night.  Also, no regular instant coffee by the kettle, just decaf.  Room was clean but bathtub/shower looked old and slightly rusty.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short notice extended stay - excellent !,"After finding out about a meeting late in the week and then having to extend the stay whilst down there, I have nothing but praise for all the staff.  Nothing is to much trouble, rooms reallocated with a smile!  The rooms are clean and large, the restaurant is well laid out and serves good food as bar snack or at breakfast.  I stay at Hilton hotels around the UK regularly and this one is up there with the best of them.  Thanks for a great stay - I will be back!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,not such a quiet night,great hotel which is looking a little tired now though in the halls etc. all good and staff great but little things missed that you don't expect in a Hilton. don't get a room with ice machine outside the door or you will not sleep,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great loacation for Tourists, Shoppers or Drinkers","The Location is perfect if you like shopping as Westfield Holland Park is just across the road. Plenty of great places to explore including Holland Park, Notting Hill and Kensington Gardens / Palace with an easy walk. Some great watering holes all within an easy walk. Unfortunately the room was very ordinary. I couldn't cloase the bathroom door as it had jammed and the décor was old and to be hones quite miserable. I mentioned this to the manager on checkout and was tolfd the owners were aware of the issues",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Class,Stayed here with a small group- staff all excellent and attentive.  Room very comfortable and spacious and well maintained- a very good nights sleep on a lovely bed- shower very powerful and hot- hotel is within 5 minutes walk to the massive Westfield Centre.  All around a very classy hotel like most Hilton's that I have stayed in.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,School Trip,I've visited this hotel in the past summer for a school trip. It is a pretty good hotel with many facilities even though it is lacking a pool which is probably not needed. The location is very good as it is near a subway station and a huge mall at only 3-4 minutes away. It is not in the very centre of London which makes the area calmer and less packed than streets like oxford street. Take care of pizza deliveries that forget to bring your soft drinks! It has happened to me. The wifi costed too much.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Christmas lights,Hotel conveniently situated opposite Westfield Shopping Centre Able to check in early and leave luggage to pick up later. Bus stops opposite hotel and 3tubes stations less than 5mins walk Rooms good size and very comfortable  Breakfast delicious,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No bueno,"This hotel is just not worth the money they charge. The people and service was great and no complaints but the hotel rooms were extremely small, the beds were horrible and no wifi in the rooms. Plus i was staying at this hotel for two nights and no one came in to fix the room up or change the towels during our stay. The fortunate thing was that i needed to stay an extra night and decided to leave this hotel and found a better more posh hotel basically a few blocks down with free wifi in all the rooms and excellent service which made the end of my london stay more pleasurable. I can definitely say with great confidence look elsewhere when staying in london. Better accommodations and better amenities and for less the price are very close by this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional except Housekeeping!,"Brilliant stay and perfect location and price for what we were looking for, however housekeeping repeatedly knocking on our door asking when we were checking out is fustrating!! However all other aspects of the hotel were outstanding, could not fault at all. Will be returning.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"Incredibly tedious check-in procedure, despite having already checked in online. Very disappointed to be told that I would not qualify for Honours points for my guests rooms, despite the fact they were booked & paid for by me.  Room was much smaller than depicted on the website, with barely any room around the bed. Weird shower screen/lack of shower door meant the entire bathroom was absolutely sodden with water after one shower. Annoying.  Also disappointed that they attempted to shut the ""24 hour"" bar while we were still enjoying a drink.  Overall a very under-par experience and not what you'd expect from the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really brilliant stay - staff attentive and good value for money,"Me and my mum stayed here for my birthday weekend at the beginning of december. We werent sure what to expect, but we were very impressed. The entrance into the hotel was very modern and clean and there is a bar area that was alway busy - not loud busy but nice busy. we requested a renovated room from advice we had seen on here. the receptionist told us that all the rooms were renovated but she found one that was more recently done. We had to wait as it wasnt quite ready so they sent us to the executive lounge which was great as we had drink and snack while we waited. after 15 minutes the room was ready. it was on the 6th floor. we had a lovely view of the green area out of the front. the room was very clean and modern. there was a light stain on one of the tiles in the bathroom…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,"stayed two nights recently , fist complaint room not ready at 2.45 in the afternoon. Twin very cramped with an armchair jammed between bed and wall. no more use than ornament. We have a shower room at home so a bath is more than welcome. However the bathroom fittings very tired with cracks in sink etc . Bath would  not run out very fast and on examination discovered plug hole jammed with; lets just call it hair ! I took the mass of hair wrapped in tissue to reception and requested a deep clean for next am. No difference was noted on return from the theatre next day. Hilton Kensington sounds grand but it was very ordinary and in fact represented your normal transit lounge for tourists, air crews etc . Nothing to reccomend at all",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Accomodations,"My husband, mother and I stayed here with our 2 teen daughters in May 2015. The restaurant was so so. The rooms are spacious for London standards. We had a leak in the room above ours and we came back to the hotel after a day of sightseeing to find our bed soaked with water. The hotel gave us a plate of chocolates as an apology which was not the best way to apologize since they had our cell phone number and could have contacted us before we came back to the room. They ended up moving us to another room and after speaking with the Manager of the hotel we were given 2 nights of our stay and half price and the hotel picked up our laundry tab. The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of a huge upscale shopping mall and the tube. The street the hotel is on is a…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced for what you get,"Had to wait at hhonours check in desk as not enough staff! What is the point of this if it is not manned.  Got card keys and off to room we go, find room and neither key works so back down to reception to get them activated.  Back into room and it was like walking into a train bedroom ot was so small!  For half the price you can get a premier inn and twice the space.  On a plus the breakfast was first class even if only one of  the coffee machines was working.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Alright I suppose,"Stayed here for a conference. Have to say the rooms are quaint but similar to the London hotels to be fair. The Bathroom is a remarkable feat of squeezing a shower, toilet and basin in such a small space. Glad I am travelling alone and that I am not swinging any cats. Food is good, room service delivered quickly and not too expensive for London. Gym is well equipped and equipment is a high standard If I was to return I would request a slightly bigger room. Location is good a short walk from Shepherds Bush.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Solid product,This is my 4th stay at this Hilton property and I will continue to stay here in my future travel. Arrived around 10:00am on Sunday and the hotel staff was able to find me a room and check me in immediately. My room is facing the street but the windows are noise proof and I cannot hear the traffic. The Westfield  mall is just 5 min walk from the hotel and offers great selection of stores and restaurants.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the high standards I was expecting,Booked four twin rooms back in July for a much awaited trip away with the girls from work. Very disappointed when we checked in to be told our rooms were not together. Told more than once by reception we should have asked if that's what we wanted. Stupidly assumed when booking four rooms they would have allocated them next to one another .. but they don't allocate your room until you check in !! originally said we had rooms on three different floors.  Some tlc needed in the rooms. Sink in my bathroom was coming away from the wall. Lots of chips and dents in woodwork and skirting. Mould on some of the bathroom silicone.  So much to choose from for breakfast. If you have a larger booking may be advisable to reserve a table as it was busy both mornings.  Couldn't fault room service…,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,If you want to stay at a nice hotel with polite personel who helps you with everything you can ask for with a smile look no further. Its very Close to Westfield one of europes largest shoppingcenter. Sveral buses goes in to the center about every 5 minutes right outside the hotel. The undergrounds about 5-10 minutes walk. Can recommand it very highly.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,single room midweek trade show OK to good,"Single room clean, smart, smallish but this is London.  Bathroom decent. Very warm professional welcome.  Bar decent / staff good  - note no Islay malt.  Didn't have breakfast.  Concierge good.  Sort of hotel you would happily stay in again but not necessarily must stay.  It is what it is just off central London decent midrange hotel located next to a trade show.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First Stay in London,"We chose this hotel due to the proximity to a tube station, the location in the city, and the price. This was our first time in London. We have no complaints about the hotel at all. The rooms are small, but we were well informed before our trip that many hotels have small rooms in the U.K. As Americans, I think we sometimes are spoiled with hotels that have large rooms and bathrooms, but this room suited us perfectly for our 3 night stay. WiFi was always working which was very important as we operate our own business and are never really ""on vacation"" no matter how much we try. We arrived early (about 11am) and while the room I had chosen during online check in wasn't ready, they were able to locate another room that was available immediately. All the staff we encountered was…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very mixed experience,"As you can read from the reviews the experience at this Hilton is very mixed and mine is as well. I arrived to check in at 9pm and was given a room on the 2nd floor at the total opposite end of the hotel, why do hotels always give you a room at the furthest away point! I am an HHonours member but that clearly makes no difference, when I got to the room and opened the door there was somebody already lying on the bed watching TV . It is completely inexcusable for any hotel to give out a room with another guest in it, how can this happen! After a long walk back I was given another room and it was ok. The decor is tired in the communal areas but to be honest so many Hiltons are now showing their age with stained and marked carpets, doors and walls. The room was ok but not worth the…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A bad Hilton,This hotel is quiet old and pricey. Rooms are very small and dark. Furnitures are old fashioned and not clean. Bathroom is also so small. Just location is fine but everything other than that is below average. Please keep in mind that every Hilton is not perfect.,Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel and Staff,"Thoroughly enjoyed our stay, staff were extremely helpful and friendly.  The location of the hotel was ideal, with both Tube stations so close. I would have no hesitation in staying at this lovely hotel again and again.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel in a fantastic location,"Excellent service from every member of staff, very comfortable, clean and spacious bedroom and bathroom and an excellent location in Holland Park, close to transport links and Westfield Shopping Centre made for a fantastic weekend!!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Past its prime,"It's a good location when you want to go to the Westfield shopping centre just across the road, also one of the few hotels I've been to in London where I'm comfortable going by car (park at the Westfield, especially for multi-day stays this is much much cheaper then at the hotel itself). Quick access to the central line from Shepherd's Bush station.  The hotel itself however is a shame to see, it's still better then most budget options that can be found around Shepherd's Bush Common but it's been declining for years. I first stayed here around 2009 and have been back a few times since. Very dark interior (lots of different shades of brown.... who does this) and an overall feeling of being transported back into the 80s. Rooms are typical Hilton style and although there's too much…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recommendation,The breakfast was very good.plenty of choices & staff were excellent.The room & the bathroom was very poor condition.The corridors on the 4th floor need attention. Bathroom door was so bad i.e. cheap job.Hilton hotel must give attention to 4th floor rooms.,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Character free, with uncomfortable room, and not very helpful staff.  Twin room is a bit like a youth hostel for two people.  Wi-fi works intermittently and signal is poor. Bar looks OK, but I wish I'd stayed somewhere else.  Only three more nights to endure....",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing hotel,"Couldn't fault the staff who were courteous and helpful and the reception facilities including bar and restaurant seemed good although we didn't have much time or opportunity to use them. However, our bedroom and ensuite shower cubicle (there was no bath and the room was tiny) would have been disappointing in a cheap boarding house.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mediocre hotel in a great location.,"This is a large Hilton located in the upscale Holland Park area of London. Its walking distance to the massive Westfield Mall and the area offers lots of choices in shopping as well as dining. Tube and public transportation is plenty. All major attractions are easily accessible from this hotel.  The hotel itself is ordinary both in terms of room product as well as service. Rooms are bland and boring and shows their age. The desk phone in my room did not work. Also, no one picked up the phone at the Front Desk at 6:30 A.M. in the morning! I rang several times and had to personally go to the Front Desk to retrieve a message. Bizarre! Housekeeping wasn't impressive either.  The hotel is popular with groups and guests who don't expect much. Breakfast buffet was decent though the…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"Very close to tube station and Westfield shopping centre. Staff friendly and helpful. Room clean.few amenities in the room, less than I would expect. Very large hotel, but handles the logistics of a large number of people very well. ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great hotel and really friendly staff,Rooms are great and comfortable. Being in Kensington near the tube station and Westfields shopping centre. Would highly recommend it. The hotel was very clean and we included breakfast in our stay and there was so much choice.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good for the price,"I have to say we had a very pleasant experience at this hotel for the most part.  Centrally located to everything.  Easy bus, taxi and Tube access. Breakfast was included and was very good with a lot of variety.  Rooms were a little smaller than typical American rooms (more like NYC room sizes) but very clean.  Only complaint is that our bed was very hard.  Much to firm so it was difficult to get a good nights sleep.  Staff was very courteous and helpful.  Bar and restaurant were pretty good.  Would visit again for the price.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff, shame about the bedding","We were welcomed at reception by a very helpful member of staff. She noted that we had requested bedding with no feathers or down and said that she would contact housekeeping as it hadn't been done. We went out for the evening and got back around midnight to find the bed made up with a duvet that stopped short of the edge of the bed on each side by over a foot! It looked like ot was meant for a single. We went back to reception and showed the girl a photo. She was astounded and said she'd sort it. Well, we then had to hang around in our room for an hour, unable to go to bed while she resorted to contacting another hotel to get replacement bedding. Not the best nights stay!!!!",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,"A very nice hotel ideally placed for the Westfield shopping centre with it excellent shopping and restaurants, if you wish to travel along the Uxbridge Road there are some nice pubs and restaurants. Give the Princess Victoria a try very good food.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the standard I've come to expect,"I've stayed at Hilton on many occasions and am a HHonors member.  Unfortunately this hotel was not up to the standard I've come to expect at my stays at Hilton.  The service from the reception staff was great and the facility in general is nice, but that is where it ends. The room was exceptionally small, the likes I would have expected in Amsterdam.  The bed itself wasn't the lush cloud-like mattresses you may find in other Hilton hotels and left much to be desired.  The location of Kensington was misleading.  Yes, technically it was in the borough of Kensington but quite a bit away from the city centre location the name would suggest.  The sliding door for the bathroom was attached by a track at the top of the threshold and made noise as it slid and banged along the bottom. …",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great!,"I stayed 1 night at the Hilton Kensington and everything was great.  The concierge was incredibly helpful, lending me an adapter and getting me water after hours - I really appreciated it! My room was well appointed, clean and comfortable. Great location across from Westfield London Shopping Centre and a short walk to Shepherd's Bush tube station. All in all everything was great. Great hot buffet breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst Hilton properties I've had pthe displeasure of staying at... ,"I stay with Hilton on a weekly basis in the UK, mainly around London and I  have to stay I won't be staying at this one again. It is very dated and a bit tired, but I can live with that. The air conditioning did not work effectively to cool the room making it difficult to sleep even in winter. I was waiting at the desk for 15 mins to try and get my room sorted when checking in as it hadn't been cleaned, this was at 7pm. I went to the executive lounge to wait and the guy was supposed to come and let me know when the room was ready but never bothered. The iron in the room was dirty and there was no bottled water in the room even with an executive room.   They also do not have a stair case that is easily accessible for those who do not like travelling in lifts - the concierge has…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what you would expect from a 4* Hilton!,"I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington with my wife for our belated 1st Anniversary 3 nights between the 18th and 20th November 2015.   First the positives…   Location – the location is spot on if you don’t mind a short commute into central London via the Tube. It is a five-minute walk from the Westfield London, and Shepherds Bush station, and approximately 15mins into Oxford Circus on the Central Line.   We had chosen to drive into London, and park in the Westfield London. The Hilton charges £31 per night for car parking, however it is only is £9 per 24hrs at the Westfield over the road! A quick email to the centre allows you to park for as many nights as you wish! All in all it only cost us £24 to park between 15:30 on Wednesday and 18:30 on Friday. TIP – if you park in the…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,Beautiful lobby and downstairs. Hides the mediocre rest of hotel. Upgraded to suite. Was not a suite believe me. Not worth £50. No milk in room. Phoned at 5p.m to politely request more and was assured it was on its way. Left at 6 for night. Got back at midnight and never gave it a thought. Went for a coffee in morning.guess what no milk. Politely mentioned it on check out. Got a shrug of shoulders and a ph sorry about that. Really not good enough  I try to be postive while honest on here and it may seem trivial but to make a request and not have it carried out while paying your rates was very poor customer service. And receptions attitude of appearing  not bothered did not help. In fact had they attempted to deal with my issue in a professional  manner I would not now be writing…,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,high standards again,"stayed for 3 days from 6/11/15  and the room, the food and in particular the staff led by Joseph Smart were exemplary, would yet again recommend this Hotel, absolute first class, other hotels including some other Hiltons should use the Kensington as an example on how to give customer service. Many thanks to all and see you in the new year",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed during the 2015 Rugby World Cup,Excellent check-in desk and room well fitted with coffee making facilities + iron & ironing board. Good internet access which was complimentary once I joined the Hilton Honours scheme. Close to Shepherd's Bush underground + overground stations. Excellent buffet breakfast with a huge selection for all tastes. Stayed during the 2015 RWC and had a issue as my agent hadn't paid our last night 's accommodation. Eventually the Front Desk resolved the problem and I was allowed to leave the hotel !,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,I expected much more from this hotel at this rate. Although the room was clean it was very old. The carpets arexat least 20 years old and the air conditioning didn't really heated the room. The location is very far from London tourist attractions.,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"The hotel is average, not bad but neither wow. The rate is fair (GPB 130 per room). Internet access is good. Location is also average -> A train station is nearby. I have chosen this hotel because the Olympia Stadium is in walking distance.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good but brief stay,"I had a room on the 4th floor well away from the lifts and it was not too noisy. As it was dark when I arrived and left, I cannot comment on the view. I had booked ahead and got the room for £104. It was clean, had a fridge, safe, ironing board & iron & I had no problems with the bathroom. The bed was comfortable and in the morning the breakfast was a good spread and sounds much better than that in the private lounge (see ColinJames review). The standard free wifi or the BT which was also within range was fine for e-mail, uploading a few photos and general browsing. The electric socket above the desk was a little loose and I reported this to reception when I left. Otherwise I had a very good stay. The hotel is near to Shepherd's Bush tube and Westfield shopping centre.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great value for money,"Stayed here for 3 nights in early June 2015, arrived around 9am and while I couldn’t gain access to my room as expected I was checked in and given access to the executive lounge and was able to grab a bit of breakfast before heading out for the day.   When I arrived back in the afternoon I was given my key to room 3017/3029 which is classed as a Hilton Junior suite which was actually 2 rooms a bedroom with a bathroom and a small living room with another shower room and I think for the price I paid GBP119 per night including wifi, breakfast and lounge access was a bargain for London.  The bedroom was a decent size with a really comfortable bed good linen and a desk and big LCD TV, easy chair, ottoman, closet, safe, ironing board and iron. The bathroom was ok just a standard dated…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I never thought it will make such a difference between a standard and a deluxe room!,I never thought it will make such a difference between a standard and a deluxe room! The standard one was overlooking all the machinery and air co installations of the building- ugly and depressive! The bathroom needed a lift up urgently! The door was full of fingerprints and the hose of the shower was spraying around. No refrigerator!!! Is this new? No cold water or fresh fruit! And the carpet on the floor needed major cleaning....,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice But Well Overpriced!,"I took a client to stay at this hotel thinking it would be impressive but to be totally honest I have stayed in better hotels for less than half the price! I paid over £600 for 2 rooms for one night (£302 per room).  The room was quite nice in fairness and had everything you would need, bathroom was okay but nothing special. Hotel rooms are in need of a revamp.   We went out in Notting Hill for an evening meal and got back to the hotel at around 10pm. We had access to the private lounge but was disappointed to find it closed when we got back.   Sleep quality was okay up until I was woke up by a coach beeping its horn at 5am because it could not cross the road into the hotel.  Breakfast was served in the private lounge and I was really quite shocked at how really poor it was,…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay away,"It's a week later and I'm still regretting staying at this Hilton. It started with the digital check-in, where I picked a room on the 7th floor overlooking the park across the street. However when we arrived I was told we were upgraded to ""suite"".  The suite turned out to be a closet on the 1st floor next to the elevator.  I said prefer the room I checked into but was told that it was not possible and I'd love the suite.  Well I didn't, as my Hhonors profile said I prefer rooms on high floors away from the elevator.  Also instead of a view of the park I was treated to a view of the hotel's HVAC equipment. Oh-well we still had a suite, right?  Wrong; the suite was a room just big enough for the bed and a separate room with a sofa in it.  Even for London the 2 rooms together would…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very run down hotel,"The hotel has a very good location but that is about the only positive thing I can say. I was given a room at the front of the hotel which was big enough just for one suitcase. Housekeeping does not exist, upon my arrival you could clearly see the room was not hovered. Very old gray towels. Bathroom in apawling condition, with rusted curtain shower, no grouting, wood all damaged, floor not polished. Public Areas in  the hotel constantly dirty. If they fit a black carpet at elevator landing area it should be regularly clean. The same for the elevators. The head concierge with an attitude problem and quoting GBP 50.00 for an airport drop and I managed to get it for GBP 32.00 calling myself a minicab company. The hotel should not have the Hilton name/sign outside. It is very sad to…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and locatiom,"Very easy to navigate central location.  Staff is great, food in restaurant good.  Great executive lounge.  One block from the tube and Kensington Palace.  Rooms are small but good for business Travelers that want to also see London.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Arrived Friday 6th November for a two night stay. We had booked an executive room which, when checking in, were told this gained us acces to the executive lounge. This turned out to be a fabulous added benefit to outer stay.  Checking in was easy, very friendly staff throughout. Left our bags with the concierge and went out for the rest of the day. Arrived back, bags returned, then went to our room. This was to an exceptionally high standard, not very big but extremely clean, tea, coffee etc, fridge and complimentary water, Iron, ironing board, hairdryer, stationery and an extremely large and comfortable bed.  Lovely relaxed atmosphere, we had breakfast in the excutive lounge. Hot, cold, cereal, tea, coffee, toast, fresh fruit, yoghurts, Danish pastries, in fact everything you…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Yet another wonderful time at the Hilton London Kensington,"For three years, I've been telling my parents what a wonderful hotel this is. And they finally got to experience for themselves this month on a family vacation. The staff went out of their way to help my family. Adric Mason, for example, made sure that my mother's medical equipment would work by providing extra converters/adapters and power points (power strips). Kedest looked after my parents in the Executive Lounge. And Cameron White made our check-in smooth and friendly.  I can't say enough good things about this property.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Westfields & Hammersmith Apollo,"We stayed last weekend as we were seeing a show at Hammersmith Apollo. We booked late so the Hilton was only about £20 more than a travelodge or premier inn. The hotel was fine, the room was small but clean and comfy. The staff were very accommodating and we were able to get a late check out on Sunday. The breakfast buffet had a good selection. It's so close to Westfields and only a very short time journey to Hammersmith Apollo.  Considering it was only slightly more expensive than the budget accommodation, I think it was good value for money.  ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"The worst hotel on our travels. Over priced, dated and dirty...","We stayed in early November 2015 as part of our honeymoon throughout Europe. By far this was the worst hotel of all. The whole floor and our room stunk of mould, with a view out the window of a brick wall only 2 metres away. The bathroom fixtures were also covered with mould and looked as though they hadn't been cleaned in years. We expected that for a Hilton Hotel to have the extra perks for the price you pay, but instead EVERYTHING costs extra. There is no mini bar in the room and nothing but cheap instant coffee and tea with poor appliances. You can't use the hair dryer in the bathroom as the one supplied with the room does not fit the power outlet in the bathroom. To order room service you pay the price of the meal PLUS a 10% surcharge PLUS a 5 pound tray charge. So we opted…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but wouldn't rush back,"Stayed there twice.  First time the room was compact but fine.  Queen size bed. Only free wi-fi was in lobby, had to pay for it in the room.  Second stay room was adjacent lift shaft, so very noisy all night, with single bed and broken fridge.  Very unimpressed.  Buffet breakfast was good.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,"Stayed here for 2 nights to celebrate my birthday. We were upgraded to an executive room and given access to executive lounge which was great - complimentary food and drinks in a quiet, relaxed setting. Room was a good size for London standards, very clean with a view overlooking the leafy street below. Bed very comfy, bathroom clean - no complaints! The lounge bar was very good, £16 for a pizza and glass of wine, very reasonable and the pizza was deliciously fresh. Breakfast was great, LOTS of choice from traditional fry up to smoked salmon to mozzarella and olives to more pastries than you could ever want. The staff throughout the hotel were impeccably polite, the concierge was very accommodating and check in and check out were fast and efficient. The only downside (if you…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,All round top notch,"My wife and her sister recently stayed in a twin executive room during a two day visit to London.  The whole experience from start to finish was wonderful.  They arrived early and asked if it would be possible to check in early.  The lady at reception was friendly and professional and offered them two possible rooms which were ready.  The room was exactly what they wanted and was clean and comfortable.  The executive lounge was a relaxing space and the staff were also friendly and professional.  The breakfast was outstanding with an extensive choice of food and drinks and afternoon tea was an unexpected bonus, which they were able to take advantage of on our second day.  The evening happy hour again offered a huge choice of drinks and some delightful canapés.  This all helped to…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"In terms of location this is a very good place to stay, it has underground 5min walk bus stops just in front of the hotel and in terms of staff they are also great . Breakfast is also very good with considerable variety . Rooms could be bigger but that's not an issue",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exceeded our expectations,"Really amazing hotel, great service, good value.  So happy we booked this one.  Top experience, exceeded our expectations and will definitely be going back again.  Highly recommended! Cannot wait to go back for our next trip",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not glamorous but adequate ,"Located not far from a big shopping mall and restaurant row, the location has lots of offerings near by but it's a bit out of central London. A tube station and bus station are also at the mall which is a 5-8 minute walk. The decor is a little blend but the rooms are comfortable and staff friendly. ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average hilton hotel,"We stayed for 2 nights, the room was nice and clean. I would normally not expect to pay this much for such a basic room however the location was close to the tube and overground and ideal for our short stay in London. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Large rooms; Nice location,The hotel was very modern and well-appointed.  The rooms were very large compared to other London hotels.  The location was great for public transportation.  We were pleased with the quiet neighborhood and the shopping/dining opportunities nearby.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,The suite is very small and hard for 2 persons to move. The sink did not work properly and have to wait minutes for water to go away.  The bed is very noisy and seems to be very old !  There are very noisy outside the hallway when guests are talking when walk through. The most acceptance is location of this hotel is closed by Heathrow Airport.,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but some very average details,"The front desk staff were very helpful. The Location of the hotel is excellent. Close to Westfield Mall, Notting Hill and the Underground. The door to our bathroom was rotting so every time we entered our room the smell was unpleasant. We tried to find a fridge in our room to keep our water cool, there wasnt one. We checked with the front desk and they arranged for one to be delivered to our room. This was a Hilton?? We travel a lot and this was a first. The room was quiet and the bed very comfortable",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel!! Close to the Tube!! Nice location!!,We stayed 5 nights. Bella at the reception desk as well as the other front desk employees. Breakfast buffet was absolutely fabulous. All the tube stations were within walking distance and a lot of buses stop right in front of the hotel. The a/c was a problem. Maintenance came to clean the air filter which got better but not great. Even he was nice. Was told that they are having issues with the a/c system in the hotel. The shower rod was rusty but everything else was as expected.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall a good stay,"Myself and my mother stayed for one night in this hotel recently. I must admit after reading some of the reviews on here I was a little apprehensive as to what we may get (we had chosen the Hilton as although, we normally don't bother too often with fancy hotels, particularly when it's only for a one night stay the budget hotels were barely any cheaper), although overall I didn't need to worry.  The hotel is situated less than a 5 minute walk from Shepherd's Bush station, although it did take us a few minutes to find it as it isn't initially visible and the directions on the hotel website are rather vague. Upon check in we were greeted by Davide who rather cheerily told us that we were 'the guests of the day' and had therefore been chosen for a free room upgrade...What's the…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel with good (albeit rather slow) access to the centre.,We stayed there for 2 nights. The room was adequate with 2 twin beds and a table and chairs. It was clean. However there were some black wear marks in the bath that were rough to sit on. We bought the £12 vouchers for the breakfasts while staying there. They were buffet style and very good. £12 was however enough to pay as how much can you really eat at breakfast? Check in was a bit slow I think we had the Trainee! She was soon put right by a nice Spanish gentleman.  The hotel was a bit of a maze of rooms. We were at the back so had no view but little noise. On reflection  I think we would have been better staying more in the centre of the city. Although there are bus stops outside the hotel the bus took us 1 hour to get to Oxford Street! due to the sheer volume of traffic.  ,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location",Booked this at short notice for a one night stay last Saturday night. Great location - just a few minutes walk from Shepherds Bush Underground on the Central line so perfect for popping into town. The room wasn't huge but it was perfectly adequate for a short stay and the shower was fantastic.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tim,This hotel is not particularly inspiring but i just wanted to point out that the concierge staff were all very cheering - in particular Tim and Larbi - who bent over backwards to ensure my stay was a pleasant one and kept a smile on my face even though i was extremely stressed work wise. Hospitality staff can often be automatons so its very nice to have genuine contact with ones fellow human beings.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but could be better",Stayed here overnight for a family event.  Not a bad hotel but for the price I have stayed in better!  On the plus side the room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  The breakfast was very nice with a great selection.  The downside was the price we paid for the room and the extremely overpriced drinks in the bar.  Beware of the prices as you can get a drink elsewhere for half the price!  You also have to pay for the wifi!!!!,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stop for Daughters Graduation Ceremony,"This a four star London hotel belonging to a major hotel chain, so one would expect it to meet all four star requirements and then some.   For us the pros were big hotel, outside of the congestion charge zone with parking available. The hotel were happy to arrange an early check in so we could freshen up before attending the ceremony and service on arrival was good with quick and easy check in.  The room was comfortable with a very large double bed and all other facilities catered for (tea / coffee, Iron and ironing board, good bathroom, plenty of electrical connections / TV etc etc). We didn't like the decor which we found darkened the room but this is a minor consideration.  Our only gripe is that the room doors are very heavy and the noise of them closing reverberated down…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Anon Room 2040,"Not very impressed.Checked in at 5.00pm. Room average had room serve meal very nice 😊. Bath room clean. I'm showered then dressed ready for bed. About to jump into bed and I move pillows only to find short black hair. Not mine as mine is fair. I continue to check and I fund more hair,and stains on pillows the bed had not been changed.  Thus us disgusting I'm paying top dollar as this is what u got. Hilton thus is just disgusting something you fund un a 1 star hotel not a 4 star not impressed  at all disgusting. I advise you all to inspect your beds, I know I will from now on 😠😠😠😣😣😣",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs A Scrub and a Refurb,"The London Kensington Hilton is not what it once was nor is it the luxury hotel it still advertises itself to be.  Therefore, the pricing is out of line with the accommodation, like an aging tart on a Saturday night.  And, like a tart on a Saturday night, there were no evaluation forms in the room for a private communication to management.   As mentioned by former reviewers, the rooms do need attention, especially the bathrooms.  For example, if you snap your wrist too quickly to tear off the toilet tissue, the roll flys off the open-ended holder and rolls about the floor, sometimes out into the teenie area by the door.  In a more attractive woman, my chasing a roll of tissue out of the lavatory doorway holding my slacks out of harm's way might be a sight you want to behold.  In…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, great price, tired interior","I have stayed at this hotel on many occasions on both business and pleasure trips.  The hotel is ideally located if you want to shop at Westfield Shopping Centre. Not great if you want to be smack bang in the centre of London. Prices are usually on the lower end for Hiltons in London which is a big plus. I do have to say that the hotel is a little tired - could really do with a little updating. However, it is still comfortable and the prices typically make it great value.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel within good travelling distance to Central London,"I had read some poor reviews on here and was a little worried about my visit. I was very pleased with the hotel. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. They aren't the biggest (which a lot of people have raised), but this is London people. Space is at a premium and the size of the rooms are actually reasonable for London. The reception area is very well decorated and a lovely warm welcome. The staff were attentive and helpful. The only slight draw back is the time it takes on the tube (Underground) to get to Central London. In reality it is only 10 minutes but there are many hotels closer to the sights. However you will pay a lot more to stay at them and the extra distance is manageable. The nearest station is Shepherds Bush and only 2-3 minutes walk with a direct line…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Update the Room,"Check- in and Check-out was Wonderful, Excellent Speed and Announcements for the Elevators, Great Breakfast Selections, Excellent Sleep Quality, Good Amenities, Wonderful Service, Needs Updating of Rooms, Good Not Enough Space for Clothing,  and Wi-Fi is Good,",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Accomodation Package,I s stayed at the hotel as part of a sports package deal.Diisappointed overall with value gym faciliites and add on costs of refreshments water coffee beer ( prices are outrageous)   . Dont stay here if u want to watch EPL level football on room TV !!!Rooms size ok for loctaion and well maintained. Staff effiecient and friendly . Unlikely to br back,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,Stayed here for the first time due to work commitments. Ideal position for the tube and the team at this hotel where excellent. My room although I am a good member was very small but clean and not as big as usual Hilton's. The exec lounge was excellent. Overall an ok hotel and if I had had a bigger room and or was upgraded then I would have given this hotel a 4 or 5,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great visit; good location; friendly staff.,"Good location; easily accessible by the Shepard’s Bush Underground stop.  About 2 blocks away from Westfield mall and about 10 - 15 mins via the Underground to Central London/Trafalgar Square.  We were able to check in early which was a huge benefit to us since we had taken an overnight flight from the States and arrived at the hotel in the early morning. We found the staff to be very friendly and welcoming.  The checkin clerk was outstanding.  I happened to mention that we were celebrating a special occasion, never expecting anything from our dialog, and Charlaine (I hope I got her name right) surprised me by giving us access to the Executive Lounge for the duration of our stay.  That was a fantastic and generous move on her part and greatly appreciated!!! It didn’t cost her a…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Misses the Mark,"I travel frequently to London and decided to try this hotel as some good friends just moved nearby.  I will not be back.  I have high status in the Hilton Honors program but the treatment I got at reception upon arrival was horrible.  I was told ""maybe"" a room would be available in 2 hours and we should go wait in the executive lounge (for which I had paid for an upgrade).  In the executive lounge, my partner went out to reception to complain about the filthy top of one of the refrigerators - what do you know a sleeping room suddenly became available.  The sleeping room was small, dark and outdated.  The lounge/bar has awful service, overpriced drinks and again is not clean - the carpet and furniture are stained. Overall the hotel seems dated and simply lacks any charm or…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,GOOD LOCATION WITH EXCELLENT TRAVEL LINKS TO THE CITY CENTRE,I stayed here with my wife to go to a concert at The Royal Albert Hall. It is just about in Kensington and is more like Shepherds Bush as its right on the border. The hotel is very close to both The Railway underground and overground services which have a ticket office for advice on how to get around.  There is a small shopping precinct above a Wetherspoons pub selling most things if you dont want to spend a fortune buying drinks in the hotel/ £9.60 for a glass of Chardonnay was extortionate I thought.  The rooms are ok and we paid £120 over night without breakfast. The rooms were clean and although our view wasn't great the whole hotel did give an air of being 4* and was extremely professional in how it checked guests in etc.   Lots of taxis outside if you wanted one and…,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First time in a Hilton,"I stayed here with my friends while we attended the Olympia Horse show! It's a perfect location for the exhibition centre. On entering there is a large reception where the bar and restaurant is. The bar is a very relaxed place where you can order lovely food as well, ( I recommend the pizza) breakfast was very nice and you could go yourself and get lovely coffee from the machines in the room. For me it's the bedrooms when I stay in a hotel that has the most effect, I had ordered a deluxe twin but what I got was quite a cramped size room. Yes it was decorated lovely and had a mini bar but the room was too small for a deluxe. I always look forward to going back to the hotel room to relax and spend time in but not in this case!! As for the location it's great. A 5 minute walk to…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and friendly staff,"Stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions. It has a convenient location - close to a number of tube stations (for getting into more central parts of London) and for the Westfield shopping centre (which is only a few minutes walk away). Great breakfast selection. Always had great experiences with the staff and particularly the concierge desk, who are always super helpful.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location!,"As it was a 3rd visit we were hoping to get a bit of an upgrade, but after asking 'Bella' on check-in I was told we already had a deluxe room?  The room was a little tired but spotless, the towels were fresh smelling, very white and fluffy, as was the bed linen. The bathroom was very clean and the bath itself was sparkling! (although I really do dislike shower curtains, especially when they are right next to the toilet!) Location is great to get anywhere in London (and we do/did) Bus-stop right outside and underground a short walk away. Breakfast is stunning! Waitresses are friendly and very efficient! Well done!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington area in London,"Hotel was in excellent location.  walking distance to bus and tube stations.  Also. McDonald, Kentucky chicken, grocery stores and restaurants.  Good breakfast selection.  Staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Concierge was able to get tickets to events and arrange for transportation to dock to catch my Royal Caribbean Cruise ship[.  Price was reasonable and it was easy to get into the city to get to events.  Would stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great ,"When first entering the room we were allocated we noticed a smell of damp and when we returned to the room after a meal out the smell was overwhelming! And we found a large wet patch on the carpet, and now all our clothes held the smell, the linen smelt, so we asked to move rooms and though at 11pm the reception were helpful to relocate us, though I have to say the moment I said the room number their reaction implied to me they were aware of this issue so really the room should have been offline and for the brand Hilton this really was below standard. ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It was OK.,"I stayed for 2 nights with my Husband and Business Partner. We chose this hotel as it was close to where we needed to be working during our stay.  My room was a double, pretty small, very dark, but for the time we spent in it, it was OK.  We paid for an executive room so got access to the lounge and complimentary breakfast in the morning, that was OK too. We were told we had free WiFi included but had to call down to Reception as the login details they gave us didn't work.  We ate in the hotel restaurant on Monday night. The service was slow, but the food was OK.  On returning to our room on the first night, our card key didn't work. We used a house phone to call reception and then waited for 15 minutes to be given a new one. It was about 11pm.  My Business Partner was given a…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's a basic no frills Hilton -stones throw from Westfield Shopping centre,"Hello my lovely followers. This hotel is a pretty basic Hilton, rooms are small but adequate. Hilton Hotel name used to be synonymous with 'luxury' however this hotel is at the lower of this scale. The towels did not pass my 'fluffiness' measure and were pretty rough and worn, as was the general decor. Book this hotel if you perhaps need somewhere in London to stay for one night on business.There seemed to be a lot of business meetings ongoing when I was there and the receptionist was quite cold and brusque as they sometimes can be in this type hotel.  The  location is the best attraction, literally few minutes walk from Westfield shopping centre, therefore you can combine work with pleasure, a quick hop across to the other side of a roundabout and then you are in retail bliss :)",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just fine,"Along with three girlfriends, we were going to London for a concert at The Albert Hall.  Although this hotel was not ideally situated for our needs, it did offer twin rooms, which seemed to be hard to find at a reasonable cost, closer to the venue.  The initial booking was easy online, although when I received an email to invite me to check in on the day before we were due to arrive I found that although my confirmation was for two twin rooms, the rooms allocated were singles.  After over an hour of trying to contact the hotel and being diverted to a call centre, eventually making contact with the hotel reception and they could not do anything the next day, trying to move rooms and the site crashing, eventually I was sorted.  The reception staff on arrival were excellent, the…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Thought a stay in a Hilton would be memorable but I was to be proven wrong. Rooms small and very tired with damaged  furniture and fittings. Again the tired look continues into other areas of the hotel which is a shame. With massive room rates, bar charges and parking fees even by London standards you would be well suited to seek an alternative which will deliver on your expectations at a fraction of the cost. On a plus note the staff were friendly and the breakfast range good.   ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pick a front facing room!!,"Stayed in this hotel in 2014, same time of year, October, whilst doing a 2 day exhibition at Olympia.  Last years stay exceptional, great room, minibar, amazing food and service.    This year very different!!  3 of us booked in as before, we were asked did we want a front facing room, said we were fine on the choice of rooms as we had stayed previously!  Not a good idea not to select or request a room!!  My room on 4th floor was facing a brick wall and a drain, minibar was empty (were not advised about this was a company booking as before where we had this facility), bathroom had very cheap furnishings, side of bath was a very cheap plastic (looked like this was a room that was on the list 'to be re-furbished') but obviously hadn't been!!   I could not find a hairdryer, called…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Looked after so well,"I'll be honest, the fabric of this Hotel has seen better days.  That's not breaking news for a building from the 60's.  The staff, however, were second to none, except for the young lady who checks your number for breakfast, who thought it acceptable to continue an extended conversation with a male colleague across the lobby as I stood in front of her waiting for the merest hint of acknowledgement.  Rant over. Our first room really wasn't good, there were issues.   The response marks the man however and Hilton's Nick Boyd took over and rectified everything quickly, efficiently and dare I say it, with a bit of class.  In a matter of minutes he restored our faith in Hilton and ensured we had a break to remember. Well done and many thanks.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Okay hotel....,I stayed at this hotel before and after a tour.  The room was fine as was the buffet breakfast.  The staff was fine except for the concierge who was not helpful (wouldn't) in obtaining theater tickets.  He would have made a good tip but we went straight to the box office.  The location is out of the way from central London.,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,I had specifically requested a room with a bath whilst booking this hotel and even called a week before to confirm this.. was told over the phone it was noted on the system and we definitely had one and on arrival found we had a shower. Decided not to request to move rooms as it was late and the lady on the reception was rude during check-in. Paid £50 for 2 breakfasts in bed which was cold and didn't even come with everything stated on the menu.. although the the guy that brought up the food was polite. Room was tiny and the bed very noisy. Expected better for £280 for 2 nights. ,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellant city break,"Loved the hotel ,the location five minutes from the station and underground The room was comfortable and my daughter and I were happy and felt safe here Beds as usual were also comfy Room was reasonable size with kettle and coffee making facilities Resteraunt looked nice although we didn't use it this trip There's a nice bar and gym facilities if you have the time to use them We felt we had a great deal on the room price considering we were in London We had a minor issue with housekeeping but I would defiantly choose this hotel again We really enjoyed our stay",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel with a pretty good location,The hotel is a couple of blocks away from the Westfield mall which is handy. The rooms are pretty standard and vary in size. We didn't eat any meals here so I cant comment on that. There are some coffee shops and casual restaurants a few blocks away. They charge a lot for wifi but if you join the rewards program you get a code for free wifi,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average by international standards. Above average by British standards.,"Room is tiny and with my cargo bag, I have to place them in a way that it does not block me in my movements around the room.   The television has poor resolution and its settings(channels) are not well tuned. Quite ridiculous as it is a Hilton brand and most people think of it as a luxury brand, which I personally hate to admit it is now one of the few chains I'd rather avoid. Some budget hotels fare better in many areas that hilton fail exceedingly despite it's price range.  The furniture is dated. And there is no bath tub, which apparently is the trend in British hotels. There is no swimming pool so don't bother bringing along your swimming costumes.   It's breakfast spread is alright, the usual English and American breakfast you'd expect. Don't compare with the high…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very good,the room was very tidy and the hotel was close to a underground tube station the hotel staff were very kind and helpful the only issue i had was with the breakfast the sausage and mushrooms were nice but the rest was cold or just had no flavour. Overall the hilton was a nice place to stay and will defo stay again.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,just lovely,"our stay was before and after our tour will visit again. Had a wonderful time love that you can walk all over from the hotel and holland park ave is just lovely. the staff at the hotel are so wonderful, we will make this one of our go to places to stay in london",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant,"Got upgraded, but didn't actually get chance to see the lounge! It was a nice hotel, the staff were fantastic. The rooms could be spruced up a little however. Really nice touch for the birthday drink, thanks. Would stay again if in the area!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't Believe Everything You Read,"We were offered a choice of 2 hotels as part of a package to see the Jets-Miami game at Wembley. Some time after booking I checked the reviews and became somewhat worried that this was a poor choice.  I must say I was pleasantly surprised-the hotel & staff were welcoming and helpful, Spacious room, decent bath and both restaurants were good for breakfast and late night snack.  The only downside was wifi service in lobby only and location is a little out of the way of many attractions.  Give this place a try.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor Accomodations,"The concierge staff, especially Tim and Anthony, bent over backwards for us  during our 2 week stay. My husband had to use crutches and a wheelchair and everyone in Concierge helped me by pushing him up the ramp while he was in the chair. There were many other ways when they helped as well.Despite his disability, we had a great time in London using the advice of the staff. The beds were comfortable and the porters went the extra mile to fit the room to accommodate our needs. However, the room had no operating thermostat. The phone was malfunctioning and we had to have the Engineer come to fix it and it never really worked correctly.  The carpets were dirty. The minibar was empty and not cool enough to use as a fridge but we asked for a real fridge and one was sent to our…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"Friendly, helpful staff. Had a mix up with our booking which was rectified quickly and efficiently and we were given access to executive lounge as compensation. The rooms are small but quiet. Beds are very comfortable. Breakfast offers so much choice and there was no wait even in busy times. Train station just down the road makes getting around very easy. Hop on hop off bus stop right across the street. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location and Stay,I would like to say overall about Hilton Hotel.I have been visited at this hotel in July and would like to say that your staff in the hotel are friendly and great recommendation about where to visit with the importance place in London and also recommend the best shopping centre for us. Overall I would say that someday I will come back to this hotel again and I will bring my family and my girlfriend to visit your hotel again. Fitness Centre are also in a very good standard.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3rd visit and already planning the 4th,"Me and my dad come here every year whilst Olympia hold the annual beauty show. We have stayed the previous 2 years and had an amazing stay and I have to say, yet again we have not be disappointed!!  We arrived early (9am)expecting to leave our suitcases with reception to check in later, but our room was ready!!  All staff are exceptional, helpful and friendly. Ercan Koc (bar manager) is wonderful he remembered us from last year and is an absolute credit to the hilton, going out of his way to make sure our stay is perfect. Our room is lovely, clean and spacious, the executive lounge well worth the extra money, a perfect place to relax and enjoy a later breakfast, afternoon tea and canapés before dinner. The connections into the city right outside the door, this place cannot be…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,European 2015 vacation,"First time to stay in Hilton hotel and not very impressed the room is so tiny....no microwave very different from hotels in the US...the only good thing is accessibility to transportation, buses, trains......also walking distance from Westfield......",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Upholding the Hilton tradition,"It was good to come back to Hilton London Kensington after almost 6 years. The staff were welcoming and helpful. I arrived earlier than the normal check-in time, I forgot to request early check in. The staff found a room for me quick enough. The room is standard London size room, but very clean and well kept. The breakfast serves a fairly wide selection of items to choose from. The menu for lunch and dinner is limited, so one may need to go out for real good dinner.. The location of the hotel is great with easy access toLondon Underground ( Shepherd Bush or Holland Park) and bus services. I will definitely stay at this hotel anytime I am in the area.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"I stayed here for one night with my partner whilst on a weekend away to London.  We initially chose this hotel as we were meant to be attending an event near Wembley, and this hotel was about half way between Wembley and the centre of London so was ideal. The event ended up being cancelled, so we didn't benefit from the location in the end. But it was still in walking distance of a tube station, and not too much of a train journey to the parts of London we wanted to visit. The location was nice in the way that it is in a fairly residential area, so less busy than a hotel that is in the thick of it all. Plus being in Kensington it is a very nice area (although very expensive!).  The room was nicely decorated and clean.. Although our wardrobe did smell a bit funky! It was fairly…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay!,Very nice hotel in great location (bus stop and underground is only 1 to 5 minutes walk). Helpful and friendly staff. Comfortable rooms with nice beds. Good restaurant and food. I recommend you that hotel.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice and hassle free,"Friendly staff that makes everthing easy for you, nice room and a great breakfast. Hotel was kind of old and expensive, but I guess that is normal for London.  Great place to stay if you are in London for business or pleasure and need a nice and hassle free place to stay.   ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable business hotel,Standard Hilton close to Shepherds Bush tube / rail / bus. Well connected to City and West End. Rooms comfortable. Executive lounge with good breakfast offering. Also has fitness room although didn't quite get there! Staff all pleasant and helpful,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the better hiltons,"Compared to other Hiltons in London this one has more spacious rooms and a nice restaurant/bar area with some atmosphere.  Staff were very helpful and were experienced hotel service people, unlike others that lack the problem solving skills that is required for guest stays.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Well located, average accomodation","being a Hilton, I think you would expect more, however maybe this is as good as it gets for the price in inner city London.Rooms are on the smallish side but acceptable, bathroom good, bed comfortable, and cafe / restuarant is quite good, however hotel is quite dated. Watch for noisy air conditioning, and the night management / porter were quite disinterested when we asked for something to be done about it. Eventually had to change rooms, not the best experience in the middle of the night having to pack up everything. The big plus is that it is well located near Shepherd's Bush above ground rail and tube, and has a bus stop out the front. A bit of a bonus was the ""open top"" tourist bus also having a stop out the front.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service but property is looking dated,"The hotel is in need of remodeling.   While the staff delivered high service and went above and beyond to deliver, the property is in need of a major overhaul.   The rooms are small but no surprise in an older property in a major city.   However, the carpet in my room had a moldy smell and was damp right near the bathroom door which is very unpleasant.   The bathroom has cracks and old fixtures.   The carpet in the lobby was torn and showed wear.  Even the flags out front were torn and tattered.   Just a very tired property.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Average. ,Nothing special or extraordinary about this hotel. It's in an ok location in Kensington with many bus options. Close to many attractions in central London. Hotel itself was not very clean as my allergies to dust was very severe after I slept overnight in this hotel. The rooms had a decent size. No issue with that. ,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington or Shepherds Bush.....,"Not sure where the boundaries are but I could throw a tennis ball from Shepherd's Bush station with a bit of wind behind it! Anyway the hotel was fine, rooms clean, breakfast fast, efficient and of good quality and the staff in the bar/restaurant friendly and engaging. Reception a little confused by meal allowances and caused my message light to flash constantly but other than that not bad at all, would go back.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant Hotel to stay in London,"The Hotel is located at the ""zone 2"" in London, 200 meters from the underground (Shepherds Bush), it is a 20 minute ride to the Center. The staff is polite and helpful. The rooms are spacious, comfortable with a very big LCD but it had some small problems that you shouldn't expect  from a Hilton (room 4012)- The door in the bathroom couldn't be closed, the bathtub was rusty and the enamel pealing. Another important issue to be aware of is the wi-fi in the room, from most sites you can understand that the wi-fi is included in the price of the room, when we got there they told us that ""our program"" didn't include wi-fi in the room, it would cost us 15 pounds per day, and this was disappointing (there is free wi-fi at the lobby). They also took a deposit with the credit card of 50…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Underperforming 4* hotel,"Checking in was fairly straight forward. However the standard room was underwhelming, cramped and the bathroom was old and outdated. The hotel failed the 'hair' test given that I found at least three stands of hair (probably belonging to the previous tenant) in the bathtub - not at all clean and really off-putting.  Wifi access on the seventh floor failed to work as well and there was hardly a mobile signal that worked on that floor (due to the lack of mini-base stations to carry operator signals through the building).   Breakfast... a waste of time and effort. Long queues to be seated, crowded, average food and coffee machines that continually dispensed too much liquid causing my cup to overflow with milk and hot water. I found it difficult to find a supervisor or manager to…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,weekend in london,Excellent stay at Hilton Kensington.  We stayed for a weekend went to a show in Royal Albert Hall great location only a few minutes away.  London Tour Buses depart from across the road from hotel.  Very Close to Hyde Park where you can hire bicycles.  Overall great weekend,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok fir a night or two,The rooms are small. Oldish but clean. No complementary water. You have to log into wifi every time you switch your device on. Food is average and restaurant opens for breakfast exactly at 6 30. Not a minute before. My check in was very warm very kind but very very slow. Bar is functional. Good for a night or two.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Trip,This is a beautiful hotel.  It is very comfortable and the staff are tremendous.  The location is idea.  We stayed there at the beginning of our 9 day tour and the last day. The food in the hotel dining room was delicious.  We were with a group of 53 on the tour and the hotel handled all of our needs wonderfully.  We would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"The hotel is situated on the edge of Shepards Bush, but Kensington sounds posher. It's a 100 yard walk to the tube station so well situated for exploring London.   The service was excellent and the rooms clean. Pretty much all you'd expect from Hilton   The buffet breakfast was superb. Simply everything you could possibly want, all very well cooked and presented.  Highly recommend this hotel as a base for London visits",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just Average,"Came for 3 nights and expected a higher level of furniture and quietness. Had a room to the front, which was very noisy because of the traffic from the street, but also from the aisle. Equipment was a bit dated. Staff was very friendly. Breakfast was okay, but not extraordinary.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel in an ideal location,"Stayed here for a long weekend, after leaving booking a hotel last minute and finding many of them booked up and expensive due to London fashion week and the Rugby World cup we found this hotel which we thought from google maps was quite far out from the centre.   Ideally it is right opposite shepherds bush tube station and was easy for us to get to where ever we wanted. Everything tended to be a 20 minute tube ride.   The hotel its self is very large and the rooms are spacious for London. I would say the bathroom is rather small but for a weekend we weren't in the hotel much anyway. The shower is quite low down so if you are 6 foot or higher I would not imagine it being a comfortable shower.   Over all a good hotel in a good location and would stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable Hotel with a Nice Facilities,"We stayed in this hotel for 5 days and 4 nights. The hotel is located in Kensington area, very close, only 3 minutes walking to the famous Shepherd's Bush neighborhood. Also, it is just 3 minutes walking to the Westfield shopping mall, where the most upper high class luxury brands have shops in it. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants around the hotel.  This hotel has taxi stand. Bus stops is just right in the front door of the hotel. The nearest tube station is Holland Park Station that is just 5 minutes walking along Holland Park Avenue.  Overall, I satisfied with the hospitality, facilities, and services of the hotel staffs. However, there are several things that need to be improved to make the hotel even better.  Upon checked in, I requested a non-smoking room, and I…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location and comfortable hotel,"Very efficient check in staff, checking out is easy as you can drop your signed hotel invoice in the drop box and head for the cabs outside.  The hotel is conveniently located near White City, Westfield Mall, Shepherd's Bush metro station and Holland Park street.  Quiet rooms but lively and noisy lobby. Rooms are small and a bit oldish. Food is ok but menus are limited, specially room service menu. I have been staying at Hilton Kensington for the past 3 years and they never changed the menu. Friendly staff and warm environment, overall its a very good hotel",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So noisy so hard to sleep,My memories of this hotel is dominated by the sound of doors being slammed shut. Every time someone left a room on our floor the door would slam. The hotel management would be well advised to fix this problem!,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good For Short Stay,"Have used this hotel many times for short breaks. Has bus stops outside the door, Tube station 5 mins walk. Hop on Hop Off bus stop. Westfield shopping Mall close by. Great breakfasts, friendly staff.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I've stayed at this Hilton previously and had good experiences. Unfortunately, this time was very different. We waited for nearly 15 mins to check in at the Honors desk, we were given the wrong rooms and had to wait another 10 mins at the front desk to change rooms. We were not given access to the executive lounge despite our room reservation clearly stated executive room -- the lady at the front desk stressed that the reservation was for standard rooms. All along no one from the property has made any effort to correct. A very big change from my past experiences and will shape my decision on where to stay in the future.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,one nice summer,"The two of checked in, created by a liverpool lass, summer, what a helpful person, many thanks! hotel was great, very local, we were off to the proms, so could use fully the executive lounge, but it looked OK, nor dreadful like one review,.We go an upgrade, as diamond members, so please enrol in hhonors , one of the best programs, i feel, and its free, free wi fi, with good connections,The breakfast was excellent, and so was the bar staff at night,We stayed a total of two nights, so it was really great, The only slight downside was room was not ready till 4pm, and we had requested early check in, all in all great value hote, and the staff were brilliant.saunders family",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location.,"The London bus service stops right outside of the hotel. The Tube station is an easy 5 minute walk. We spent 6 nights there and, overall, were satisfied.  The staff were friendly and very helpful to Americans who needed help getting around. The room was okay but not as clean as I prefer (many stains on the carpet).  Bed and pillows were comfortable.   The daily breakfast buffet was standard English fare. We liked the food but thought the $20 fee/person was high.  We felt completely safe walking at night in the Kensington and Knotting Hill areas which are both an easy walk from the hotel.  We would have no reservations about staying here again. It's an excellent base for exploring London. .",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Handy for a visit to the shopping centre 5 minutes from hotel and lots of nice coffe shops in area.,"Good location, nice hotel with small executive lounge. The hotel is well placed for Shepherds Bush and Holland Park tube stations and a good bus service.  Holland Park is a lovely park to visit and just a short walk from the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable hotel with average beds but a dreadful Executive lounge,"I stayed here for the first time for 3 nights for work. This hotel in a great area of London if you turn right out of the front door but in a dreadful area if you turn left! It's an un-modernised 1970's building but the staff are lovely, bar area adequate but the bar pianist a welcome surprise. There's a gym and the wifi works averagely.   I was in an Exec Room. The room was very small and had zero view but it was quiet. The beds are old, bathrooms in desperate need of a makeover and worst of all there were no plugs by the bed for phones! UGH. When will some hotels get into 2015?  My main complaint is the Exec Lounge. Its basically a free for all. The entire time I was there an American woman, who was terribly loud,  hosted business meetings, Skype conferences and drinks parties…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Breakfast,"Stayed for one night.  Arrived early and room was available to check into which was brilliant as we could leave our bags and go out for the rest of the day.  Clean and comfortable room, all staff very helpful and friendly.  Great choice for breakfast.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Business,Good Hilton standard.  Rooms fairly good bathrooms fine. Breakfast very good and orders fast and efficient. Only gripe  is it is a little noisy and you can hear toilets switches plugs and TVs in neighbouring room. Not a great problem. I would recommend.  ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton at Holland Park, London","Stayed at this hotel for a weekend leisure break and to visit my daughter in London.  Accommodation was very poor and having left our room at 9.00 am on the Saturday we were extremely upset to discover upon return at 5.10 pm that housekeeping had not attended to our room.  Had to wait 20 minutes for housekeeping to arrive and then a further 15 minutes for the room to be tended to, which gave us 30 minutes to shower and dress for our evening visit to the Palladium.  Would not recommend this hotel.  Crowne Plaza in Kensington is far superior - I stayed their last time in London.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommended,"Th Hilton Kensington was the base hotel used for a tour used by Trfalgar. We spent 5 nights there. 3 days before the coach tour started, and 2 days after. The staff were friendly and accommodating, the meals were delicious, and the rooms were clean. The hot and cold buffet Had a nice variety of food. There are many amenities close to the hotel as well. The buses went by very regularly, and there is Tube(subway) station less than a5 minute walk away. The drawback of this hotel is the lack of free wifi service. To have wifi in the room, it would cost me £15 for 24 hours. Instead I sat in the lounge/foyer area and used the wifi that was free. There is a computer station with 5 or 6 computers and a printer for guest use as well.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Very comfortable and the staff was courteous, welcoming and knowledgeable.  Location was perfect - safe, away from the crowds, yet handy to many amenities and points of interest.  Nice walk to Notting Hill with plenty of shops and pubs along Holland Park Ave. Short walk to the mall and tube stop at Shepherd's Bush.  Across street from bus stop with buses that go directly to Piccadilly Circus.  Paddington Train Station is a short tube trip away.  Great breakfast buffet, and dinner at the restaurant was very good.  30-minute cab ride to Heathrow.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"we stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our trip, i wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you like throwing away money. for the price of the rooms it is incredibly average, most of the rooms are very small and the building looks old and shabby very much needs a face lift. Some of the staff are very lovely and some are rude and would love to argue the point with you. it took us over half and hr to check out even tho we had paid for everything.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Its London,"This is a great hotel by london standards. Decently sized rooms, good location, walking distance from the shepherd bush station and the Westfield mall. The Original Hop on Hop off bus tour has a stop right opposite the hotel, so its very convenient. Its also walking distance from Holland Park Avenue. Considering that London has hundreds of properties that are small and dingy and most even more expensive than the Hilton @ Kensington, makes this hotel a steal !",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Efficient,"It was a very short one night stay but the trainee receptionist was very efficient and effective. I didn't use many of the facilities but those that I used were sufficient, the cash point in the hotel lobby is very helpfull.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Indcredible Staff, Great Location",What a great Hotel!!  Staff went out of there way to insure this guest had an excellent stay.  I called ahead and got Antony at the concierge.  Had several questions to make my stay and getting around easier.  He delivered fast and accurate and good tips on on how to save money as well.  I always laugh when someone complains in reviews about old carpet or a need for a paint job.  If you had to decide between new carpet and great service/food/friendly staff what would you choose?  Hilton Kensington is located 3 minutes from Sheperd's Bush Underground on the Central Tube line. Very easy/close to get around to all the great spots in London.  Plenty of Shopping/Banks/Convenience stores. We found lots of great restaurants close to the hotel.  If you are fortunate enough to have…,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"Stayed here for a night. To be honest, it needs a bit of updating for the decor and rooms.   Concierge ignored me when I walk in with my bag. Anyway, looks like it goes with the state of the hotel, even the staffs have a nonchalant attitude.   Reception was good, very helpful so is the doorman. he's very friendly too.   If given another chance, I will stay in a different hotel but since the company booked it, a sleep over would be acceptable. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"This hotel is in good location, in Kensington area, close to Shepherd Bush station, and Westfield mall.  The staff is nice and courteous.  When we checked in, we had an issue with the room, and they took care of us and move us to another room.  The room is small, but considering we are in London, it is OK.  The hotel will need to update the rooms soon, since the bathrooms are outdated, and the carpet is worn out.  They have a lounge so it is nice!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location with parking,"This is not a luxury hotel, however it is in a very good location with bus stop at front door and train station close by. Paid parking on site which is good for London and easily accessible from most directions. Comfortable bed and good breakfast. A little over priced.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Got free upgrade was brilliant,Arrived at hotel just expecting room only booked through last-minute secret hotel and got upgrades to executive room etc so was really surprised and pleased .Made our stay complete .plenty if shops and eating places around and right by tube station .,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Do a Dionne ...walk on by,Recent experience as a guy from the U.S. Shared : this doesn't feel like a Hilton Hotel and I would have to agree. Stayed here previously and there has been a decline. There are hotels within this budget range nearer to Kensington High Street; try them. No restaurant; only a bar were they serve (slowly) microwave food over priced. Despite an early check request to get a flight ; no assistance from the sleeping porter and concierge team. DIY booking of taxi DIY loading and transportation of luggage ; accepted the tip to assist us and for this he unlocked the doors long enough to facilitate my husband to move the luggage trolley out and then trap him in the revolving doors. After much shouting and banging on the glass doors a fellow resident assisted. Housekeeping lost my…,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Treat,"Lovely hotel, ideally situated bus stop right outside hotel. Staff very polite and friendly, they even placed a birthday treat for me in our room. Breakfast was help yourself and plenty of it. Thank you to all staff.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Location in London,"We have used the Kensington Hilton on many occasions over the last few years and always find the rooms clean and tidy and the staff mostly helpful, friendly and efficient. We particularly find the location very convenient and easy to get to from Worcester our home town.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Just back from this hotel and loved everything about the hotel I would recommend this hotel to everyone . The room was lovely and spacious bed was really comfy. I thought the bar was a bit pricey but you are in London .The buffet breakfast was great a big selection of food hot and cold . There is a huge shopping centre 5 mins away with shops a plenty you could spent all day there . The tube station and over ground station is beside there with trains to all over London and there is a bus stop over the road as well that services the town. We where just unlucky that the central line was closed all weekend for engineering works but there is alternative routes you can use and still see what you want to see.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed overnight on Saturday, as needed to be in London for an early start the next day.   We were offered an upgrade on check-in, which gave us a larger room, access to the executive lounge, and free Wi-Fi.   Had a nice room, clean and modern, everything you would expect from a Hilton.  Staff we friendly and helpful.  There is a large secure underground car park, which you have to pay to use.  Good location, just a short taxi ride into the West End.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A large Hilton hotel near to Westfield Shopping Mall (not opposite),We believed that Westfield was actually opposite this isn't the case but it is only about 5 minutes walk away.(next to the Shepherds Bush station) Our room was facing the road but the noise wasn't too bad at night. The bathroom could do with updating as the bath was peeling and looked a bit untidy. The room itself was fine with all the items you could need. The breakfast is probably one of the best Hilton breakfasts I have had. Lots to choose from. The restaurant does get very busy though,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"We stayed here on a trip to London, Kensington is a lovely place lots to see and do perfect location for the underground to get about  The hotel was clean tidy the breakfast was one of the best the service in the hotel was great they were very helpful and very polite, I enjoyed my stay and would recommend it   Only complaint is that our room was next to the lift and it was quite noisey on a morning however I wake early and didn't find this a problem but if you wanted to lie in then it could be",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,HILTON LONDON KENSINGTON AN EXCELLENT PLACE TO STAY,"This hotel is awesome with very friendly staff..Its easily accessible and close to major train stations and there are two bus stops right  outside it.It is also a walking distance from Sherphards bush train station.Its also a walking distance frfom the amazing westfield which has about 350 fantastic shops.Least I forget,It is also very child friendly hotel.I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for money yet lacking in luxury,"The Hilton London Kensington is set in a marvelous location only a moments walk away from Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherd's bush tube line which only takes ten minutes to get into more Central London. On arrival the hotel's exterior may be seen as outdated yet once you step inside the staff are nothing but helpful and completely welcoming, especially when helping us to join the Hilton Honours club which would allow us to gain rewards and discounts! The room was smaller than expected but I find this a common element in London hotels, nevertheless the bathrobes and slippers specified in the description were lacking as was the view, yet the bed was very comfy and a the bathroom clean and spacious, so that didn't dampen our spirits. The only disadvantage I would add is that…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice example of the Hiltons quality!,"Overall, this is a nice hotel, the basic rooms are a little on the small side, but an upgrade soon sorts that out. well placed for the tube and Westfield shopping Mall. we have been here many times and are never disappointed with the staff, or indeed the breakfasts. good bar area with great staff too, so all in all, if you want a good place to stay in London (at a reasonable price, not cheap, but reasonable) then the Kensington Hilton could be right up your street!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Hotel,Stated in Kensington this is a good choice of a hotel in a nice neighborhood with very nice villas to look at. not far from the highstreet. and just beside the tube station so thats a major plus! I would advise anyone who is travelling to london to book a room here,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Patient staff,"We were in the difficult position of wanting parking for a large van but the concierge were most helpful.  The room was clean but is probably next on list for renovation.  Reception and breakfast staff friendly and polite, breakfast in exec lounge perfect for us.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent stay - good location and accepts pet!,"The property is bit old but it is properly cleaned and everything worked fine. The staff was pleasant and the breakfast was also good. The towels were bit tired so it would have been nicer to have more soft towels.   We stayed here twice, once with our pet dog, and once without her. It was a nice location as it was easy to walk around with a dog, and there was also a pub that we could go with our dog. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel, and a tube station is near, so it was convenient. It is also not that far from the airport to go there by taxi. We also liked the neighbourhood.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired,Our room was supposed to be an executive room. The desk and bed side table was badly marked. Mould in the shower. Sticky stuff on a glass. Magnifying illumated mirror not working. Only one dressing gown. No biscuits on second day! Also our room opposite the ice machine which was very noisy! Think someone was having an ice bath all night!  Breakfast nice but the tables were so closed to get her I think I've caught something off the guy on the next table which was snorting and coughing whilst we were eating! Pleasant not!we left our table to get fruit and when we returned which was a short period all of our cutlery had been relayed! I also noticed the waitresses scraping food off the tables onto the floor! Not a cloth which is the right way - disgusting the thought of having some…,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,disappointed,"The connecting rooms we booked were not available, we were then offered standard rooms which were small with thread bare carpet and dirty. We asked for a refund on the difference in cost, at which point the reception said ""NO"" The public areas were dirty, some of the staff were abrupt to the point of being rude and unhelpful, need I say more",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NICE HOTEL,"I was very satisfied with the Hilton staff and the accomodation and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone who is after comfort, cleanliness and a warm welcome. The Hilton Kensington hotel is close to Shepherds Bush tube station and the westfield shopping center.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a London base,"Just back from a weekend in London staying at the Hilton at Kensington. We had a super stay, the staff were very helpful and courteous and the room was exceptionally clean and comfortable (the beds especially so). We had breakfast included in our room rate and the food on offer was varied and very tasty...certainly couldn't fault it. Location is ideal, 3 minute walk to Shepherds Bush on the Central tube line and located next to Westfield Shopping Centre which is a huge mall. Would have no hesitation in using the hotel again.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,short stay in London,This was very disappointing. We were a family of 5 ( 3 children) and had two rooms. They were supposed to be adjoining but the interconnecting door of one was jammed. The fidge /mini bar in both rooms was empty. The tv in one room did not work . The door of the bathroom in one room was so warped that it would not shut at all and kept opening when the bathroom was occupied.  The children were woken up in the middle of the night in their room to a couple who seemed to be making very loud noises next door !i don't know whether the walls are thin . The fridge in one of the rooms was broken but still made loud strange noises from time to time . I was taken ill during the stay and so my husband went down to reception and was told to go back up and ring from the room!. When he did a Dr…,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"This is advertised as a 4 star hotel but no way is this a 4 star hotel, it is more like a 2 star hotel!  Our first night in the hotel we were put into a inter door room, bearing in mind we paid for a sound proof room, the guests were so loud we asked to be moved. The room was dusty, the bathroom was tiny and not clean at all. The second room was a littlr better but again the bathroom was tiny and not clean at all. This is my first experience in a Hilton but I dont think I would stay in one again.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standards slipping!,I have stayed at this hotel several times in the last few years with both friends and family. I have also recommended it to several people including my daughter. She stayed there last week for one night while visiting friends in London. She rang me extremely disappointed. After taking a shower she realised there was no hairdryer in the room so phoned housekeeping who said they would send one to her. An hour later still no dryer despite her partner also asking in reception. As check out time was approaching she had to vacate the room with wet hair!!! She had to use the dryer in the gym before leaving the hotel! I am very sadden by this as I feel standards must be slipping! I will in future think twice before recommending. I have emailed Hilton direct but no response!,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but....,Despite the location of the Hotel which was great for our purposes we were disappointed overall with the Hotel. For a Hotel chain of supposedly good standing to charge 15 pounds per day for room wifi is ridiculous. Free wifi in hotel rooms should be a given in this era of technology.  The mini bars in the rooms were  kept under lock and key so no access was available. I had to ring room service for a bottle of water. Kinda defeats the purpose of having a mini bar if you can't access it at whim.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent proximity to Holland Park - quite area but close to the best in west end,"Nice for a UK Hilton (I think the worldwide Hilton guests will understand this), very friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms. It is a Decent stay. Its difficult to compare the UK Hilton hotels to the other Hilton hotels abroad but they recognize all of the amenities and treated me very well.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Okay stay,"This is an ok hotel. Nothing to write home about. The rooms are kind of dark and dingy, the carpeting looked tired and not really clean. I'm glad they provide slippers. Also, really small rooms. Maybe it's because it's Europe, but two people can hardly move around freely. The bathroom is also very small, and the bathtub is so far up I hit my head in the ceiling, but I'm 6'2, so... Breakfast was good though. They serve a typical English breakfast and we really enjoyed it every morning of our stay.  The hotel is conveniently located near restaurants, cafes, shops and The Tube. The fact that we were out and about all day long as good tourists would and we honestly used the hotel just to sleep and not hang out, made the stay fine. I don't think I'd use it for business stays though. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent Hilton,"I stay here pretty much every week and it has become sort of a second home. The staff is friendly, especially in the executive lounge.  The location is good, with beautiful surroundings. Close to airports, public transport as well as good shopping.  The property and rooms are, however, in urgent need of a refurbishment.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This was my third and will be last stay at this Hilton.,". On my last stay at the Kensington Hilton I reported that things were not up to the usual Hilton standard, they have not improved much. The executive room we were allocated was rather small and a bit tired.  The room was also very hot and the air conditioning wasn’t working. We reported this to the front desk who promised that an Engineer would fix it, he didn’t.  Coming back to the room late that night we of course found the air con still not working and when we enquired were told “ yes the engineer confirmed it was broken” It was now 23.30 hours and no attempt had been made to leave a note or message. We changed rooms without any help or apologies for the upheaval.  I am a big fan of the Hilton group and have stayed with them in many countries but this Hotel lets the chain…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK,"Stayed as part of a coach tour.  Room was quite small but clean and comfortable.  Dinner was good and fairly reasonable for a hotel bar but the pot of tea was ludicrous...£4 for a Twinings tea bag in a pot of water?!  I could have gone to the Ritz and paid not much more.  Considering my main course was £11 I thought the tea was extortionate.  Same for the Wifi...£13 a day!  Concierge was rude when I rang to ask a question.  Overall, wouldn't stay again if I had the choice.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff and Comfortable Sleep,This is my second visit to this hotel which has friendly staff and is in a good location. Easy to access the west end of London and beyond with both the Central line on the tube and a London overground station just minutes walk from the hotel. Short walk to a favourite of mine while in London Holland Park which is a lovely park to sit and relax with a picnic and to visit the amazing Kyoto gardens. Had room service for dinner on 1 of the nights which was lovely and good value for London also the breakfast buffet was great with a wide choice. Would defiantly consider stay here again. ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay ,"Stayed here for 2 nights, the receptionist who check us in wasn't very helpful, didn't tell us much about breakfast what time check out was etc, the lifts where very slow at opening, it was a bit disappointing that you don't open the restaurant anymore as I stayed a few years ago and had such a lovely dinner but I had room service which was just as good, the room was nice but the air vent could have been dusted as it was very hairy, the shower was not good it was like mist felt as if I wasn't getting washed, but I did enjoy my stay wasn't letting anything spoil it, the receptionist who checked us out in the morning was very nice I didn't catch her name she was very talkative and helpful, thanks for a good stay. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"My husband and i stayed here for 2 nights. On arrival our check in was fast and at first we were surprised there was no free wifi except in the lobby but on provision of an email address we were made honors members and got free wifi in the room. The lobby is large and classy. The rooms were a decent size for a short stay and equipped with everything you'd expect in a 4 star hotel. The cleaning service was adequate. We didn't use room service or have breakfast at the hotel so cannot comment on that. It was in a good location, not very far from tube and train stations and bus stops and Westfield. Parking was at a very good rate for the weekend in the hotel's car park. Overall very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel.,"Hotel was ok, I didn't like that free super slow wifi was only available in the lobby and the fact that they wanted around 13 pounds a day for high speed internet was insane in this day and age.  If you are spending every morning in the hotel then sign up for the 12 pound breakfast bar on the first day since they charge 19 pounds after that which is nutty.  There are lots of places around to get food and beverages so wander around a bit.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel for Hammersmith,"When in London and on business I stay here as it's easy to drive to, close to the M4 and a 5 minute walk to our Hammersmith offices.   The rooms are a little dated, but they're clean and functional. The food is always very good and for a large city centre hotel, the bar gas a nice vibe and always has people around.   I've used this during the day for business events and always been pleased with the facilities and service. ",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Place,"We stayed 3 nights at this hotel while in London.  Staff was extremely friendly, the hotel was clean and the bed was comfortable.  The bus has pick ups right by the hotel and the tube is just a short walk away.  I would recommend this Hilton London Kensington.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London kensington,"It was wonderful stay, all staff were friendly , delicious breakfast buffet , room comfortable , quiet lounge .The room service charge was within expectation . We will definitely come back again . Not to forget that bus stop is at  the hotel doors ,even tour sight seeing buses stop at it's doors .I highly recommend it for families .",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good spot,"This hotel was a short cab ride away from Victoria Station - although it is located quite close to two tube stations as well. The hotel was conveniently located across from Hyde Park - we were able to find lots of restaurants in the next street (where Queensbay Station is). The hotel is really close to a Big Bus stop too (the city tour). The staff were really friendly and although there was an error with my changed booking, the receptionist was able to fix it right up.  The staff at the breakfast restaurant were also friendly, although I think on only one occasion out of four were we offered a refill for coffee and checked up on - only a minor detail.  The staff were also excellent in suggesting nearby restaurants for dinner, tours to do and were more than happy to help organize…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, but not as good as other Hiltons","Stayed for a weekend here on a friends recommendation. Reception was spacious and clean and check in effortless. The room was acceptable sized (double for single occupancy). Tv, phone, alarm clock, plug points, iron, safe, tea/coffee all as expected.  The wardrobe was tiny and wouldn't have coped with two adults staying more than a weekend. The shower room was standard for london, but needed sprucing up - chipped tiles, mildew stains. The biggest disappointment was the breakfast set up. There are notices advising of best times to arrive to avoid queues, but in my opinion the restaurant was understaffed. Waited 10mins to be seated - there were tables - but only one person taking people through and other tables that just weren't getting cleared quickly. THe selection of food and…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great food and Executive Lounge but not much else,"I'd like to state upfront that this is my 1st negative hotel review and I hesitated to write this. Normally I would attribute the bad experience to just one of those days. However, my family stayed here for multiple days and our experiences were so bad in so many areas, I felt compelled to share with others.   Upon arrival our room was not the one we reserved. When we did get the right room, I tipped the bellhop $4US for the 2 bags he brought up and he had the audacity to balk that the amount was too low. I should have sent him on his way and called the front desk. Instead I gave him another $4US and to my surprise he was still not pleased and muttered something as he left the room. Not a great start to our stay!   Later we needed directions and the concierge was rude and not…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights - 13/14 August and have to say it is one of the best London hotels we have stayed in. Delightful staff, especially Veronice at check in. I would recommend this hotel for anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"Everything goes smothly, check in, check out automated. Great value for price, Beautiful, big rooms. Rich breakfast. Lokation central, but little bit out of the hand. Big luxurius shopping mall Westfield just around of corner.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth it for the Fish and Chips!,"We;re not great fans of large hotels, but as they go this hotel is ok.  Always feel anonymous and one of a number in these big places.  The room was very clean and well  serviced daily.  Breakfast buffet has most things to satisfy even the heartiest appetite though personally disappointed to find no fish on the menu.  Usual provisions in the room, tea, coffee, soap,shampoo etc through water at about £3 a bottle.  The mini bar is empty but serves as a good fridge if you want to buy some supplies in.  the room does have wifi free of charge so remember to ask for the code.  Our room was over the road so a little noisy once the traffic started in the mornings and from about 10pm to midnight when the traffic was heaviest. Not much view so would recommend the choice of a room on the…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good stay,"I really like this hotel. I arrived early and the staff were constantly apologetic that my room wasn't ready early. No reason it should be, but kind of then to say so. The Exec Lounge is a good place to work and socialise. Breakfast in it was good. As it was also in the restaurant. It's a busy hotel so expect it to be busy! Staff were consistently on the ball, and room clean. Only downsides: being told in the Lounge I was 'not allowed' to move a chair by one of the staff. Oh please! Also, the room needed badly a makeover. Really nice to get a complimentary upgrade, but it needs decorating. Finally, inconsiderate guests allowing their children to play in the corridor around 12.30am. No need to get staff involved and they shut up.  So a good stay, but does need some TLC for the…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommend this hotel!,Booked this hotel for me and my Father as we were going to see AC/DC in Wembley. Tube station is around the corner. Taxi to Paddington train station is about £13. The location was ideal. There was nothing to fault about this hotel whatsoever! Room was more than comfortable and the breakfast was beautiful! Staff are incredibly helpful and friendly. Especially Raquel on the bar :) would definitely visit here again!,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Why ask?,"I used online check in but when I arrived they receptionist asked me if I preferred a room on a high or low floor, away from the lift to cut down on noise and did I prefer sparkling or still water. My responses were a high floor, might have a good view and also helps with traffic noise, away from the lift and sparkling water. I was then given a room on the first floor, 3 doors from the lift and facing the busy road. I was too tired and hot to go back so just accepted it. When I returned from the evening meal there were two small bottles of still water!! Didn't sleep very well because of the traffic noise but the room was Ok and bed quite comfy. Why ask all the questions if you then ignore all the answers?? Raised expectations to no good end. Sigh.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Right in the heart of london!,Loved the heritage looking hotel. we stayed there for one good reason of staying connected with the city and it did serve the purpose. very well maintained and good breakfast buffet.  though i could see what's happening in the apartments bang opposite to my room.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Crowded breakfastroom,"Overall OK. Very good bed. But to crowded breakfast room, and with a staff too eager to remove my Food and coffee before I am finished. Annoying.   Nice environment, and short distances to tube and busses.         b",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Kensington Excellent,I booked the London Kensington because of its location as it was within walking distance of excellent shopping and friends. Staff was delightful and so helpful. I felt very welcomed. I used the fitness center several times during my five day stay and was pleasantly surprised at the variety of equipment available. Thank you staff for the great stay.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fair,"On check in they allocated me a room which has old furniture and it was not clean specially the very old bathroom. I asked the reception to give me another room and I insisted on that. The second room was good. The hotel has direct access to the bus station just across the street, while the underground station is fairly close with almost 7 minutes walking distance. Nice neighbourhood, but the old rooms need to be furnished or they need to revise the pricing.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Concierge is Fantastic,I was in London for a meeting so I stayed at the Hilton Kensington.   This hotel is in a beautiful part of town and has a very peaceful atmosphere.   The concierge always remembers regular guests and couldn't be more helpful.    This is also a great location to walk around the city.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff,"We arrived early so left our luggage with the very helpful Concierge and returned later; only to find that there were problems with our adjoining rooms. However, the staff could not do enough for us, especially as we had our 5 and 15 year old granddaughters with us together with our pregnant daughter. The problems were quickly corrected and all the staff involved were outstanding. We will return.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Top Notch!,"Stayed here for 2 nights, was completely satisfied with the room, the bed was very comfortable which is very important for me. staff were extremely helpful with everything. one downfall is that all the attractions in London are about a £20 - £30 taxi ride away from the hotel, but obviously you do have alternative options like the subway or the bus. Would definetely stay here again, the breakfast was also delicious with plenty of healthy ootions. ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,city break,"we went here as part of a deal, we enjoyed our stay and the was only 2 downsides to our stay, one was check in is from 3pm but room was not ready till 4.30pm, then we did get to our room the toilet was broke but it was quickly fixed by the hotel. The rooms are pretty standard for a hilton, it had tea and coffee facilities, iron and ironing board which is always good, a decent TV with quite a few channels. Good bathroom with a good shower, a safe and plenty of hangers in wardrobe, good bed, air con was a little noisy, breakfast was good with plenty of choice, staff in the hotel were nice enough. The hotel is in a nice area, good location if you want to go shopping at the Westfield centre, also good public transport links at nearby shepherds bush. Pricey to stay and if we had a…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"Great hotel - great location - walking distance to both tube station and restaurants. Clean, friendly, and accesible - rooms are nice and can be temperature controlled to cooler levels. Rest rooms are spacious, closet space is nice - no drawers in room - found that unusual, however otherwise very nice. Lobby is clean and it is easy to get in and out - this hotel is a pick up spot for Viator tours so it makes getting to the tours easier Only issue I had - breakfast options are a little pricey, otherwise great",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,guests of the day,"We travelled from South Wales to London on Thursday July 30th to pick up our daughter from a work placement in London and return home Friday. We arrived at the Hilton about 9pm  to be told that we were the guests of the day and had been upgraded- we could use the executive lounge with complimentary drinks and snacks this finished at 8pm! -we would have a suite (two rooms bedroom and adjoining room which would have accommodated a child with a sofa bed) the air con only worked in the adjoining room-it was quite apparent that we had been given this""suite"" as no standard double rooms were available-we were also advised that the upgrade came with complimentary breakfast- we had booked our original room with breakfast (the room was cheaper without) but when I requested at reception…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Good Value for Money,"The title basically says it all - the hotel is in a great location with excellent transport links for both business and tourists alike.  Bus stop directly outside and Shepherds Bush Tube station (and overland rail station) a short walk away.  Largest shopping mall in Europe just across from the tube station - lots of shopping and eating options.  Rooms are a bit tired but they are comfortable, WIFI is good throughout but requires multiple logins which can be very annoying.  Breakfast is excellent.  All in all this is a good hotel that offers great value.  If, however, you are looking for a hotel that has superior amenities,this is not for you - no pool and the gym is pretty small and limited.  I'd recommend it as a base from which to explore London or for business travellers.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Typical Business Hotel,"This hotel is located quite conveniently across the Sheperd Bush Tube Station and Westfield mall. was there on business and ticks all the boxes for business hotel, clean & comfortable hotel with free Wifi.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Every detail taken care of,"The hotel was very clean and well  maintained. The staff were very helpful for anything we needed.  We stayed one nite on the beginning of our tour and 4 at the end.  The safe saw to extra bags so we did  not have to lug them with us, they made sure we had the same room at the end of the tour as the extra 3 days so we weren't moving rooms all over.  When they found out it was our anniversary they sent up a nice bottle of wine!!  I had caught a cold at the end of our tour, and the restaurant staff found ""Chicken soup"" for me and made sure that I had plenty of lemons and honey every morning at breakfast.  The Breakfasts were enormous, so much to eat, didn't need to eat until evening!! The concierge arranged tours for us on the extra days and arranged a private cab to the airport…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,Great hotel with excellent location and lovely room.Very clean. Even though our stay was only for 2 nights we had full room clean with fresh towels and bed made after first night. Good quality toiletries and hospitatity tray                                          ,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, in the middle of all the action","The hotel was located right next to the Shepherd's Bush tube station and there was a mall with a lot of good restaurants to choose from within five minutes walk. The rooms were small with twin beds, but that was par for the course in all the hotels we stayed at in the U.K. The staff was pleasant and the housekeeper's were very attentive.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"Stayed at the Hilton Kensington for a one night stay last weekend as a theatre break. Overall hotel very good, nice and clean and staff friendly. I would say the bedrooms are very basic and need a little refurbishment as walls are looking dirty and uneven, shower is extremely small and water takes a few minutes to warm up. The reception area is lovely with the bar area which is very modern and clean. Check in was very fast and efficient with a lovely polish lady who was very kind and helpful and we had a nice chat with. The location is also very good if you are wanting to commute to central London as the tube is only a 5-10 minute walk with the Westfield shopping centre situated opposite the tube station. Breakfast was brilliant, lots of choice and friendly staff again which…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"At first sight this hotel looks very luxurious. The foyer and restaurant look good and well maintained. However the bedroom seemed dated and needed a good refurbishment. The bed while small, was comfortable and the room was clean so I have no complaints on that score. It also had a bath which always makes me happy. The buffet breakfast provided a good selection and there was free use of the computers on the ground floor. I met a man in the lift who was bitterly disappointed with his room. He was saying he'd paid a couple of hundred pounds and expected much better than what he got. I guess my room was between $Aus 300 and 350 a night which is not inconsequential. However the location is great and there is a railway station across the road and a bus stop to the city. Around the…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel is Ok.,"Not the nicest Hilton I've stayed at. Staff were polite and friendly. Room was ok, although a bit dated. Clean enough though. Very small bathroom. The lobby and reception area is nice. Kept clean and tidy and looks quite modern but other parts of the hotel do feel a bit dated and in need of a refresh. Only about 10-15 mins walk to the Underground which is a bonus. And close to Holland Park.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Our first visit to London on holiday and we will be back.,"This hotel is well situated very close to Wesrfield Shopping Centre the 2nd largest shopping centre in London. The Big Red hop on hop off bus stops right outside purple rout takes you to Marble Arch to transfer to Red line for a complete tour of City of London. This bus service is a must to get your bearings then decide what to see after that. Ma,e sure you buy Fast Passes or you will be waiting in lines all day.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fair value for money, quiet location","Very nice location, helpful staff at the reception and concierge, standard facilities in the room -not totally renovated- but nice bedding experience. Breakfast big with an OK selection of goodies. I would recommend it. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Room a little dated, service not great and no free WIFI in rooms","I have stayed here a couple of time when my first choice the Dorsett is fully booked and wouldn't choose it, it is our travel bookers who pick, I'd rather stay in the IBIS down the road,  This hotel is really poor in fairness.... The reception area, bar and restaurant look quite nice and modern and give the idea that you have booked a nice hotel. That's where it ends. The rooms themselves look like haven't been redecorated since the 90's and give the impression that they simply don't care as long as people are still paying upwards of £110 a night.  Not offering customers a free wifi in bedrooms is a joke in this day and age of cheap internet.  The service isn't great for what you would consider one of the more premium hotel brands, everything just seems a hassle when you ask for…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant stay!!,"I have stayed at this hotel before, as it's virtually next to Westfields shopping center and close to where my family live. It's also around 30 minutes away from Heathrow Airport, which is ideal for me, flying in from New York! A lovely hotel, the staff were nice and pleasant. They even made the effort to welcome me back, as it obviously showed on their system that I had stayed there before.  I was in London to celebrate my 50th birthday with my family, so I had splashed out and booked the Presidential Suite! That came with free breakfast, access to the Executive Lounge and free WiFi.  When I entered the room, I immediately thought that they had given me the wrong room as it looked like a standard King room. In fact, I left the room and was about to head down to the reception,…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff average rooms ,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington due to its location and was not disappointed. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from shepherds Bush station and if you want there is a cinema and shopping center.   However the first room we stayed in wasn't hilton standard there was no hot water and mold in bathroom. This didn't ruin the stay as the staff were terrific and moved us to a new room but be careful as we were in a standard and they tried to down grade us. But the new room was better had a softer bed, hot water and only a broken lamp.   On the Sunday night there was another problem we wanted to stay in celebrate our engagement with a movie. Plus we didn't want to pay the prices of food. But the movie service has been broken for two months so we went down to the restaurant. The food as…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The WORST hotel my wife and I have ever stayed in.,"Terrible from start to finish. I will bullet point to try to get it all in:  - rude check in and also very slow - hugely overpopulated executive lounge. more like a bar than a business lounge -Ugly reception, ugly public areas in general, ugly building. - Rooms are moldy, pillows and sheets are old and smell of dampness. One of my pillows smelt like urine (not joking!) -poor extraction in bathroom - Our bath had not been sealed so it leaked. When we brought this to the hotel's attention they blamed us and stated we put wet towels on the floor (even in the corridor it seems) This is totally untrue. All our towels went in the empty bath ready for the housekeeper. After our complaint they retracted their comment and confirmed it was the seal on the bath that was broken. This must …",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
2481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service is simply bad; Rooms are horribile.,"Service is awful. I tried calling reception for a good 30 mins and eventually gave up. No one attended to my call. Yet on another occassion, I asked for a cloth cover for my jacket and was told that he was not able to bring it to my room as he was alone at the front desk!! This was at 8.30 pm.  The rooms are old. Carpets smell and the bathroom's shower curtain is rusting. The shower head appears to have seen more than its fair share of days.   Honestly, the next 2 star hotel I feel would be a good comparision to this. Dreadful!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
2482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Desperately Needs Updating,"Very good staff but this hotel is now tired and needs a complete refurbishing !  This is a multimillion pound task but, until it is done, we will not return.  The Hilton Group should insist that the owners do the necessary ... sooner not later.   I was a regular in this hotel in the mid-eighties when it was a very good modern  business hotel but no longer.  Even the Executive Lounge is sub-standard !  What a pity ...",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel ,"Quiet hotel and deceptively large. Despite the name it is actually located in shepherds bush about 10 minutes walk from the tube. Plenty of bars and restaurants, around as well as the biggest shopping centre in the UK. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Leisure,"Hotel was lovely and clean and staff were very attentive, I was upgraded as guest of the day which was a lovely surprise. Room was upgraded and I was made to feel special. Although I didn't use all the facilities it looked lovely",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a little TLC,"I chose the Hilton as a little treat knowing of their reputation as a good standard hotel chain. The hotel from the outside definately does not have the charm or staple look of other Hilton hotels I have seen but upon entering the reception was stunning.  The staff and concierge were all extremely helpful and the check in staff were very informative and gave me all the information I needed for my stay.  The rooms were a little dated and almost a little basic as to what I expected, they were however clean and well presented. The tea and coffee making facilities were a little below average and it may seem a minor quarm but I was very disappointed to see only 2 small cartons of milk offered in a twin room.. it's really not even enough for one person!  The beds were super comfy and…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good stay,Only stayed for one night whilst attending an event in London but this hotel turned out to be a good choice. Very close to the tube and plenty of places around the hotel to eat / shop. The staff were pleasant and polite and the room was very clean and tidy. A good choice that i'd certainly stay at again.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I would only stay here if I really really must,"We were a family of four and stayed in the Junior Suite, honestly if this is what a Junior suite looks like I would never want to know what a standard room looks like! So old and run down, carpet colour makes it look dirty or maybe it was dirty! towels and bed linens smell all chemically. Asked the housekeeper more than once to leave 4 towels she always insisted on leaving just two even though it was pretty obvious that we were four people occupying the room! The complimentary tea and sugar were not replenished when used. Slamming of the neighbouring doors starts as of 7am so no need to set your alarm clock because you will be up! Not to mention housekeeping by itself is loud! Seems to be a popular hotel for airline employees as well as school trips so we had an evening of some…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with a good location...,"Nice hotel that's very well located for Shepherds Bush underground station.  We booked a night here for a nearby wedding. Thankfully the hotel had a room ready for us when we arrived at 11am and the reception staff were very friendly.  The rooms are quite small, but adequate with good air conditioning and a good standard of cleanliness.  We were out all day so didn't get to use any of the hotels facilities. But we returned to get a good nights sleep.  Breakfast was a standard Hilton affair...  It's self serve on everything including tea, coffee and juice. Would rather a nice pot of strong coffee, as opposed to a self service machine.  It's a decent hotel (and well served by uber) would happily stay here again.  ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel and friendly staff,We checked in to this friendly hotel the receptionist was so helpful and cheerful.The room was immaculate and had everything we needed. It was also quiet and had a good nights sleep in a very comfortable bed with crisp linen sheets. The buffet breakfast was an impressive suprise there was such a choice of food and drinks. The cooked breakfast was super.The concierge was friendly and gave us  useful information. It was also very good to be able to leave our luggage safely in the care of the concierge even the day we checked out so we could go out sightseeing.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"June 26 through June 28, 2015","Room showed minor wear, but was clean.  Front desk and Concierge service was outstanding. Five minute walk to Sheperds Bush tube station, multiple fast food restaurants and pubs  within a 10 minute walk.  Westfield shopping mall - five minute walk. Buffet breakfast was very good.  Very limited dinner options.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"Pleasantly surprised my office is based in Victoria - there was no hotel available closely so decided to book this instead. I thought it's far but it wasn't. Decent room, I need air conditioning and this has. Good food and guess what free parking with no congestion charge. Next time I'm driving. Tried sauna and ending the night on a high now. Definitely better than central London hotels charging you high prices with 50% value of this hotel. Happy.  ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, but not worth the price","Firstly, the staff were all friendly and helpful and I couldn't have asked for more from them.  My room was small, but adequate for my needs and was very clean. There was a problem that the sliding door to the bathroom didn't work. As I was on my own it wasn't too much of a problem, but could be for couples. None of the lamps worked and there was the plug socket missing on one of them, which meant I was without a light in the bedroom area.  It's not somewhere I'd choose to stay again even though I appreciate hotels get wear and tear over time. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved this hotel!!,"This hotel was a little far from the usual touristy areas like the Tower, but had no problem getting a cab. The hotel was lovely, the service supreme & the restaurant was divine!  A perfect place to stay for me & my grandaughter",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"I booked this hotel for a weekend get away for my husband and mines 10th wedding anniversary. We arrived much earlier than check in time not expecting to check in but just to leave our luggage, however they were so attentive they found us a room to check into which we were very grateful for.  Whilst checking in we were having general chit chat the the very frindly man who was checking us in and he asked us if we were here for a special occasion. We mentioned it was our anniversary and thought no more about it. When we returned to our hotel that evening there was a complimentary bottle of cava waiting for us. It was a wonderful surprise and very kind. The room was very clean, quiet and a good size. The breakfast was amazing, plenty of choice and delicious. The foyer was quite…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"The hotel is located at shepherd's bush, a 5 mins walk from the tube and westfield mall. You can find practically everything you need at the mall. The tube is on the same line as Oxford Street and several other sightseeing stops so it's really convenient.  The bus stop right outside the hotel is also a stop for the Oxford tube that goes straight to Oxford.   Hyde park is just 15 mins walk away, on a nice day. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and Comfortable,"We were looking for a London hotel with a reasonably sized room, good price, and somewhat close to tourist venues without being in the thick of things. Did we ever find a gem. Met all our needs, good mix between business and leisure travelers and within walking distance to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. Rooms were clean, comfortable and the service was excellent. I was pleased with the room size.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over nighter,"Pleasant stay. Hotel is Kensington and Shepherds Bush, good for Westfield shopping centre, eclectic eateries around Shepards Bush along with short walk to Hyde park etc. Rooms good size, check in can be delayed if a coach load turn up. Staff friendly with smiles. All good. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Stayed overnight on business earlier this week. Well located hotel within easy reach of tube station. Welcoming reception staff and checking in and out was so quick and easy. Lovely breakfast, comfy bed and large bathroom. Negatives would be the state of some aspects of the room. Really scruffy carpet and there were some parts of the decor which were below the standard I had expected. But overall a nice stay. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton - So close to everything- lovely staff,"We really enjoyed Kensington Hilton, although we arrived about 0700 hours our room was ready for us which was very much appreciated after over 24 hours getting here from Brisbane Australia. The Reception were lovely nothing a problem and The Concierge, originally from New Zealand was so helpful and explained a lot of what we should know about travelling around London. We bought a 48 hour pass on the Big Bus which included a cruise on the Thames. All through Europe the Hop on Hop off buses were a great way to see cities.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a good revamp,"Checked out today after a two night business stay at this hotel.  Centrally located so has good connections to central London however it is in serious need of a major refurb to compete with other newer hotels in the area.  Stayed in room 4076 and on entering the room it smelt of damp. Carpet looked as if it had seen better days. Bathroom was tatty and rather on the small side. Very frustrated this morning to be taking a shower only to discover no towels had been left by housekeeping, raised it at front desk and all I got was "" oh...sorry""!!!! As much as I am a Hilton Honours member  and like the Hilton brand I will not reuse this Hilton again until it has had a good refurb. ",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well located hotel and excellent staff,"Stayed for three nights in July 2015 - excellent location - just two minutes walk to Shepherds Bush Underground and Overground. Staff are delightful and really friendly - especially the bar staff and, as we were there with a large conference group, they were very courteous and quick.  I will certainly return again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Have stayed here many times - always good for a very busy hotel,"The only real drawback with this hotel is that if you use the underground car park there is no lift to bring up the luggage (Tip: drop luggage off at reception before parking the car).  The staircase from the car park is both narrow and steep.  I have always found the reception fast and efficient and seldom had to wait more than a couple of minutes to check in or out. Receptionists well trained and effective.  The lifts to the bedrooms are numerous and fast. We have never had to wait very long for a lift to arrive.  The Executive Lounge was relocated to the ground floor a couple of years ago and I did prefer it when it was on the upper floor, especially with the outside terrace.  That said, the new lounge is much larger and thus can accommodate many more people. I have never…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Locations,This is a nice Hilton. It is very close to Shepard's Bush Metro Station and the bus stop #92 and #148 are right in front of the hotel. We traveled all over London from this hotel and had no trouble. The hotel nice. The room and the shower were small by American standards but quite normal for Europe. I would stay here again!,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Needs Updating,Over the years I've stayed at this property at least a half dozen times. It's in a quiet part of Kensington/London. Unfortunately the property is now run down. The carpet in my room was stained and needed replacing. The wall paper was peeling. On the upside the service and food was good. Great location. I hope they fix it up before my next stay.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My Experience at Hilton London Kesington,"I spent 3 nights at the Hilton London Kesington last week from the 5th of July 2015. I was there for a business meeting. I felt quite at home. The room was spot on, the toilets clean and the food was also good. We had fruitful meetings as the meeting room had every thing we required to communicate. I will recommend the hotel to you, whether for holidays or business.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonably good,"Visited at beginning of July for AC/DC concert at Wembley Stadium. Used the car park underneath the hotel, the entrance was very narrow, parking spaces and headroom very tight. We checked in early and rooms were ready, so that was good. Room was ok, very dated and the bed squeaked badly when you moved even slightly but we had a room with no view which was pretty quiet so we slept well.Turned the aircon down as low as it would go on arrival so room was nice and cool for later. Location of hotel was great, next to Westfield Shopping Centre on leafy Holland Park Ave. The concierge recommended a pub called The Mitre which was a 10min walk turning right out of the entrance which served good food and drink and had a great atmosphere. Breakfast was included in our price and was good.…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton will not honor it's price match guarantee,"As most Hilton hotels are typically very nice, I'm sure this hotel is nice.  My issue; however, is with Hilton's price match policy.  My husband, friends and I are travelling to the UK in October.  Upon searching around for hotels, we settled upon this hotel due to the rate and location.  Travel websites offered a standard room for $228/night w/ no cancellation or $259/night w/ a free cancellation.  Hilton's website offered a price match so I booked the hotel through Hilton's website and submitted my price match claim.  Hilton denied said claim stating that the reservations had to be ""identical"" in order for the price match to be honored.  The $259/night was an identical reservation to the one that I booked through Hilton for $309/night.  I provided Hilton with documentation of…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
2508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not good, but not horrible","Pros: Location near subway and bus stop, near large shopping mall, executive lounge was nice  Cons: Air conditioning didn't work, internet was weak, food in the restaurant/bar was inedible, service closet was next to my room and staff slammed the doors multiple times during the/day night, smaller than average room",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice Hilton, great location, lacks facilities","Stayed here for 2 nights for daughters birthday trip to Disney Bibbiddybobbidy Boutique. The rooms and the beds were lovely, a very nice hotel.  We ate in the restaurant for breakfast which was to the usual hilton very good standard.  Downside is there was no pool or anything for the children to do in the hotel.  PROS - very nice modern hilton - great location for harrods / disney bibbidy bobby boutique / madame tussauds / westfield enormous shopping centre - staff were very friendly  CONS - no pool or children activities - expensive car park - but it is london! (is that really an excuse when the rooms are £220 a night?)",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Place to stay,"Arrived early and were allowed to wait in the VIP lounge until our room was ready.  Room was clean and comfortable.  We had access to the lounge with our package and each night it was a great place to unwind and good breakfast in the morning.  This hotel is conveniently located with bus transport in front and subway within a block.  The area seemed safe and the hotel staff were knowledgeable and helpful with arrangements, such as which bus to take or subway.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Hotel, staff and service, difficult to get to","Great hotel - couldn't ask for better service or value. The rooms are great (we had a 7th floor suite with a great patio). Breakfast was one of the best I've had in Hilton Hotels. The executive lounge had great facilities for freshening up when the dropped the bags off, however we didn't use it for drinks/afternoon tea (although this is included free of charge in the exec room price). The only major downside for us was the location, it was so difficult to get to - the nearest tube (shepherd's bush) didn't run on the larger circle lines, only on a small central line which meant getting 3 tubes to/from the train stations - which was a pain with bags. Great stay though, the hotel was fantastic.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Got the ""just leave"" feeling","Travelled with my fiancé and another couple to celebrate a special birthday which meant we booked executive rooms hoping for a more luxurious stay. This was not the case!  I will mention the positives first: The executive lounge which was included with our room rate was excellent in terms of the food and beverage offerings throughout the day. The view from our room down a pretty Kensington street was lovely.  Negatives: Car parking a little tight especially for a larger car, thankfully didn't plan to use car while in the city as this would have been a nightmare to try get in and out each day. We arrived a little earlier than the 3pm check in so were happy to wait, at 3.30pm went to check if our room was ready, still not! Finally got our room key at 4pm and when we got up there…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"As usual very good service and food at this Hilton. One big disappointment - no Bacardi Rum, only Cuban rum available.  A big reason for us not to stay at Hilton hotels.  Please reconsider and bring back Bacardi..",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Does was it says on the tin,Reasonable hotel - getting a little tired inside in terms of decor and furnishings. Clean and tidy. Quiet location. Easy access for driving too and easy to get to tubes for connections into the city. Executive lounge staff very helpful. Good breakfast.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and good service,"We sre still here and sre enjoying the visit. The room is noce and clean although just a little smaller than we are use to conpared to Hiltons at home in USA. The breakfast is wuite nice in the lounge with lots of fresh fruits, eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, smoked salmon. I really enjoy the muesli with buts snd dried fruits.   We were a little worried as we read some recent negative reviews but are having s great experience so far.",None,4.0
2516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"The hotel is located close to Shepherds Bush tube station and so close to the Westfield shopping centre.  However, its not that near Kensington, so if you want to be right in the shopping area of Kensington, then this isn't for you.  However, its linked by bus and tube, and during the day you can walk through Holland Park.  We had a junior suite which was really two adjoining bedrooms, one a lounge area and one a bedroom, with nothing special in the bathroom area.  It was nice to have the space though and we had  a deal.  We loved the executive lounge which served breakfast, tea and coffee through the day and afternoon tea, then evening drinks and canapes which was excellent.  We enjoyed the Cava in particular.  Staff were friendly and helpful.  The hotel is a little dated, but…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,Although I only stayed one night I was very pleased with all the hotel facilities.The hotel is located in a very convenient spot for my business requirements and the transport facilities are very good. I liked having the car parking facilities.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location,Good location a little of centre but close to the underground and the Westfield mall. Good breakfast. Nice and clean room.  During our stay the fire alarm went off but everything was calm and well organized and the staff were apologetic.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"I booked this hotel for. Girls weekend away , there were a variety of mixed reviews so was a little concerned as to what I would be getting. I would recommend this hotel , great location (5minutes from shepherds  bush tube ), room was clean and fully functioning, staff were super friendly. We booked it through a price comparison site and got a good rate inclusive of breakfast , this was an extensive range of food that would set up the most intrepid of explorers for a day in London",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,In need of some TLC,"The staff on the front desk are the ones that make this hotel, after that it slides down hill. Our room wasn't overly large, but adequate for our needs. Bed was very comfortable and a good size. The bathroom was clean but could have been cleaner considering where we were staying, eg. there shouldn't have been water stains on the back of the bathroom door. The corridors were tired with  shabby paint work, generally just old and tired looking. What they have got right is the breakfast, excellent selection, the only problem I had was my stomach just wasn't big enough!!!! Did I think it was value for money? I'm afraid not, we have stayed in nicer for less. It is a good location but I think we will probably look for somewhere else next time.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location and friendly staff but small rooms,Stayed here with family recently. Staff at check in were friendly and efficient. Also the executive lounge was reasonably well appointed and convenient. Only minor issue is that - even with a Platinum Honors status upgrade - the room was pretty small and didn't have an iron. Minor point but feel that this is a basic with a hotel. Overall it was ok.  Point ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel if visiting Olympia,"This is a perfect hotel if visiting Olympia. I stayed here for 2 nights when exhibiting at a conference. The hotel is ok, beds reasonably comfortable (Which is important when away on business).  Breakfast was nice (Again important).",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable Beds, Small Room",Stayed at the hotel for a wedding celebration. The rooms are really small but that wasn't a problem as we didn't spend much time in the room. The most important thing was that the beds were very comfortable and the pillows weren't too soft. The toilet handle was not working properly but that is probably because nobody had told them to fix it. A friend's ceiling came down in their bathroom so there are obviously some maintenance issues that need addressing. Apart from that it served its purpose as I slept very well.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor hotel going from mediocre to just plain bad,"Stayed at this hotel over the days of May 14-16 2015.  Hotel seemed to be very busy as there were always people coming and going, and especially complaining at the Front Desk.  Our room seemed to be the size of a closet.  It was seriously small, and the 2 small carry-on suitcases we had were overcrowding the room when we tried to remove things and unpack.  The closet space is miniscule as well.  I am not averse to small rooms, however it should be known that the next week we went on a cruise and our cruise ship cabin was seriously, truthfully, larger than this hotel room and bathroom. Nonetheless, I can deal with small, however I cannot deal with DIRTY! The room was just plain dirty.  We did not want to spend time inside as it was not clean.  The carpets were filthy and stained.…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, tiny rooms","Well, being in Kensington you cant complain about the room size. But then decent service & hospitality. Wish the windows were a bit more bigger to get more natural light. Else expect to have the lights on throughout the day. Only one hitch - the AC stopped working in the evening during the last evening of my stay and I was offered a table fan at 8 pm as the engineer was off at that time ! 8 pm and no engineer to check AC switch at a full price Hilton. Sorry, that's unacceptable.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,disappointing,"Arrived at reception on Sunday night and confirmed we were going to get a family room for me, a friend and my daughter. Went upstairs and the room was extremely small and no trace of any bed for my little daughter. Went back to reception and argued for 10 minutes with an incompetent lady who insisted that housekeeping will come upstairs with a sofa bed despite us explaining in all possible way that the room was too small and there was no way a sofa bed would even enter, let alone be unfolded. Finally a supervisor comes up to clarify that actually housekeeping had forgotten to unlock the door to the connecting room... After half hour of this (around 9 pm so really not good for a travelling 3 years old) we were finally sorted... The bathroom washbasin had problems (the water was…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected a bit more from Hilton,"I was originally booked at Hilton Olympia, on arrival after having to call the booking agent it turned out there had been a burst hot water pipe and rooms over 3 floors were flooded. I absolutely understand these things happen but I expected Hilton and booking agent to at least send me an email. When I arrived the guy on reception just said booking agent had changed if he'd explained right away what had happened and offered to call me a cab and apologised for no one informing me despite fact it had happened night before.  On arrival at this hotel it took 18 mins to find me a room, despite paying for room in full I was forced to pay a £50 deposit which took several days to go back into my bank account I was informed this was standard practice!!! Then I had to show my passport…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very impressed! ,"I have stayed in London hotels for years and never expect much as usually tiny rooms for big money. Didn't expect much more from the Hilton but was amazed at the size of the rooms. Spotlessly clean and fantastic buffet breakfast included in the price, which went on till 11am! Fantastic for me. Check out was at 12 which is great after a big night out! Located by the lovely Holland Park ( which is the nearest tube 6 min pleasant walk away ) this is now the place I will always stay when I visit London. Love it. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"I have stayed at this hotel several times before and have always had good service from them. A group of 3 of us stayed at the hotel for a weekend trip to London in an Executive Suite as this gives you access to the lounge and a bit more space. The room we had was the best I have stayed in at this hotel as it was right out of the way on the top floor and had it’s own private balcony. I will definitely be requesting this room if I stay there again as the layout is much better then previous executive suites I have stayed in before.  The service in the lounge was really good and the food offer was better then previous stays so top marks there. We used the steam room, which was great although the area was a little bit messy (towels needed to be cleared).  Whilst the stay met our…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,Its place is at the end of kensington Better to say white city  The service is terrible 10 minutes take for reception to answer the phone and 30 minutes takes to bringing slippers   No pool   It don't know how they put the hilton name on it and I don't know how it could get its fifth star,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,stay at Hilton,"The Hotel is quiet good and the concierge was quiet helpful. The rooms were ok though i had issues with the bathrooms as some of the grouts between the tiles had started changing colors and need to be re applied. The location is absolutely lovely, there are alot of restaurants around and for shopping the westfield mall is just a stone throw away for those who need brand shopping or regular items.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dated,"I stayed here for one night and used my Hilton points (50,000) because prices were ridiculously high. I wish I hadn't.   The hotel is dated.  The rooms are showing there age, furniture tatty and small in my opinion.  The exec floor is ok and serves drinks and hot and cold snacks.  Wifi not great in rooms and slow in communal areas.  In the morning I had room service try to gain access to my room 3 times and on every occasion without knocking. Really annoying.  Parking overnight is £25, no discount for exec card holders. Disappointing.  Reception staff and staff in general were really good. No complaints here.  50000 points can get me two plus nights in some great Hiltons around the world, this unfortunately is not one of them. ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"Visited for the weekend with other half, have stayed in hotel on at least 3 other occasions . Unfortunately the hotel is looking tired, our toilet was not working correctly and the shower rail very rusty. The breakfast on previous visits was really good, I would say it is now average. On returning home we discovered my husband had left his sunglasses and case in the hotel. Although unlikely they would be found he contacted the hotel and spoke to housekeeping, they were not at all interested in looking into this for him, therefore unlikely to stay again! I feel like they have had our money so now they don' t care.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny Room but Accessible to the Underground/Tube,"This hotel is no near from Kensington Palace, as its namesake says.  The room is definitely tiny and cramped (very typical of European non-commercial name hotels).  The bathroon is small and the shower is definitely tiny, I wonder why it is elevated from the floor, also its floor is slippery, so watch out, you might slide.  For US travelers, you will need extra plug adaptors if you have more than 1 gadget since there is only one wall plug that fits US gadgets (in the bathroom).  Air conditioning doesn't work well even on ""high"", it takes hours to make the room cool (not to mention, it's noisy).  Also, the aircon controls have pilot lights that are so bright when the lights are off, if you are sensitive to lights when sleeping, you may need to cover the lights.  It's near a big…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"EXCELLENT HOTEL, SUPERB LOCATION",Have just arrived back from a 2 night weekend break here and it was excellent. I had read some of the reviews before going and didn't know what to expect. But everything was excellent. The hotel is located 50 yards from Westfields Shopping Centre and Shepherds Bush Tube & Rail Stations. The bus stop is directly opposite the hotel - so location wise it was perfect. The hotel staff were al very helpful and friendly. The room we had was a good size and clean and tidy. The breakfast was excellent as well - so no problems at all. The car park is underneath the hotel so driving to it is no problem either. Would not hesitate to stay there again,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired & creaky!!!,"Not up to the standard you would expect of a Hilton in Kensington even though it was closer to Shepherds Bush, it was very tired & dated with the creakiest bed ever!! Mattress was changed but didn't really make much difference as I still would be woken up by either myself or the other half rolling over in the bed. Couldn't fault the customer service or the buffet breakfast but come on Hilton..time for a refit!!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,my stay for my 21st birthday,"this hotel went above and beyond with customer service on my trip here. I had four rooms booked, one of which was complimentarily upgraded to an executive room. they happily provided surprise nibbles and complimentary champagne in each room. I broke something by accident and they weren't mad at me. all of the staff were so lovely and I can't rave about it enough, great staff. they made my night perfect! thank you xx",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away.,"Spent the weekend here, it's a great hotel, breakfast is excellent as is the staff, easy to walk to Westfield shopping centre, my only disappointment was lack of electrical plugs in the rooms, so if you have more than one gadget it could be a problem, but over all a great hotel and I would be happy to stay here again.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Kensington, well not quite, but close enough","The name indicates Kensington, but strictly spoken it is not Kensington, but close enough and area is safe and green. A Hilton will most of the time deliver a decent standard and the Kensington is no exception. Reception staff is friendly and the rooms typical European size (small-ish), but work station and minibar (which is a plus). The internet was a bit erratic, sometimes kicked you out. The bar is large and staff very accommodating and friendly, even after midnight. The restaurant food we had, a business buffet but quality and taste very good. The Portobello Road with all the fun is about 20 minutes walk away. Overall a very good experience.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A little bit below expectation for a Hilton Hotel,I think I had for this Hotel very high expectations in consideration of the name HILTON and KENSINGTON. In reality the Hotel is still in Kensington just for a fraction of metres... close to Shepherds Bush... and when I booked it i didn't get this. Second it doesn't seem to me the hotel is reflecting the quality and the standards of a 4 Star Hilton Hotel. The room was a bit small with view of the roof of the buildings in the proximity and extremely small the bath too; although it was very convenient as my business activity was based there and there is a useful gym too.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small room expensive bar ,"We came down to London to watch the Rugby and stayed at the Hilton Kensington On arrival we were happy to find access to the Westfield and transport very close by which made travel very easy When we checked it we were given the key to our room, sadly the receptionist had written the number for our room badly so we did get lost and had to return to the lobby to  check the number.  Once entering our room the room I was disappointed to find a very small cupboard like room which felt very clostorphobic and airless, j have stayed in Hiltons with work all over the country even in other parts of London and his seemed to be the smallest I'd seen.  Once settling in we went to enjoy the city, when we returned we found the room quiet and clean.  We did make use of the bar in the lobby one…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor value for money,"Room was minute, watching a brick wall and the hotel's airco equipment. At night a continuous rumble kept me from sleeping. Room missed soap, showel gel etc. Asked twice for it to be fixed, probably still has to be fixed by now.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great price, great staff","We stayed here for 10 nights, and hosted events in the meeting rooms over 2 weekends.  My back was all whacked out while we were there, and while seeing a chiropractor few times, I was supposed to ice my back several times a day. The bar staff was extra sweet at helping me out at keeping my ice packs frozen. Above and beyond what was expected, and greatly appreciated.  The executive lounge is large and on the bottom floor. They don't allow Gold members to use the room, only Diamond, and those paying for Executive rooms with access, but somehow it was still over packed on the weekends.  Because it is on the main floor instead of the high floor, I'm sure there are many other people sneaking in behind those who have access. I know that not once were we asked to provide proof that…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,HILTON BY BART,VERY GOOD HOTEL nice place to stay while you are in UK. Somehow i feel internet should be free in the rooms. Some Hiltons are much better then this one. The concierge was really fantastic the people were so helpful thank you  :),Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Budget hotel with non-budget rates,"I am currently staying at the Hilton London Kensington for one night in a single Hilton guest room. The hotel looks nice from the outside, and the reception area is very welcoming and looks rather luxurious. There's also a couple of nice bars/restaurants in the reception area, and a small shop with mostly touristy things. The surrounding area is fairly posh and upscale, at least if you set aside that the hotel is close to a major motorway of sorts.  My room was the cheapest in their selection, and by paying advance I also got the lowest rate. However, at £179 for a night, this was still a rather steep rate for what you get. The room was in fact quite on the small side, with no view to speak of at all. The bathroom was nice though. As for amenities, you had a TV with a very small…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Week in London,"My wife and I had stayed in Kensington many years ago and decided to stay in the same area for a visit to London. We were not disappointed in the Hilton. It's close to Tube stops and in a nice, walkable neighborhood with lots of restaurants and bars.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, BAD service.","When I checked-in to my room, found a half used wet soap in the bathroom, with stained dirty white curtains, hair on the floor and absolutely dusty room. Called the housekeeping to re-clean the room but this was again repeated in the daily cleaning services. Didn't expect this from a brand like Hilton as cleanliness is the basic expectation from any stay. If the hotel didn't have a gym or pool, that would have been fine but whats totally unaceeptable is dirty room. When I called the housekeeping manager, she came and showed attitude, no apologies or trying to make up for the issue - instead gave excuses. Very dissatisfied and wouldn't EVER recommend.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Lovely Hotel,Lovely clean hotel in a very good location. Staff friendly and food wonderful. Maybe the only thing was the room a little smaller than expected but for 2 nights it wasn't an issue. The beds were very comfortable and very clean. The bathroom was also very clean with lovely accessories and everything was in working condition in the room. I would stay here again and recommend this Hilton to friends.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A dirty, tired hotel","I stayed for a one night as part of a business trip, and I shall remain eternally grateful that it was only one night!   On entering the hotel, the reception area is lovely. Pretty much as you'd expect from a HIlton hotel, but the rest of the hotel is disgusting, dirty and a complete let down.   When I first arrived and checked in, I was issued a room (3066), went up in the lifts and found that the room I had been issued had someone's belongings in it. I went back to reception, and was told that there had been an error and the room was already taken. What kind of hotel has such a poor computer system in place that they can issue a room twice? Doesn't say much for their security either, and I spent the rest of my time making sure I left no expensive items in the rooms as they're…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Property is getting worn out,"This review is based on Hiltons rewards category 6 hotel.  Stayed in a Junior Exec incl business lounge.  FIrst impression of hotel was not very good and it stayed that way for the duration.  As I entered lobby noticed how shabby carpet was, both dirty and splitting in several areas.  Some of the staff were nice others it appeared were there to get a pay check.  Exec lounge was busy most of the time but again run down, they were using duct tape to hold the carpet together in some places.  Had the typical drinks and finger foods available in exec lounges.  Room was small (might be considered typical for London hotels?) and again run down.  Carpet was dirty, floor lamp base looked as if it had never been cleaned, grout in several areas of the bathroom was missing.  These are not…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"""Relaxing in West London""","During a recent business trip to the United Kingdom, I spent the last two days in London. Staying at this Hilton property turned out to be a great choice. It's located in the West pat of London, close to parks and restaurants. The room was clean and comfortable, staff courteous and helpful and the rate - for London - was reasonable. I recommend this hotel as it is a great value for travelers.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very poor Hilton!,I've stayed in quite a number of Hilton hotels through years of business travels and I can safely say this is the worst I've stayed in. The reception staff were like robots on check in and added no personal touch to the experience. They couldn't even recommend a decent restaurant to eat in in the area. Food in the bar was horribly overcooked and the pint of ale I got was flat and the replacement (different ale) was the same. Rooms are small and stuffy with no space to do any work on my laptop. I really couldn't recommend staying here for business or leisure. The higher beings really need to have a serious look at the running of the hotel especially given the location. It's not cheap and I'm sure there are better options available close by.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Busy Exec Lounge!,"Pleasant stay recently in this lovely leafy part of London.  The building itself isn't very pretty but the view out is lovely.  Very close to Shepherds Bush tube station and a nice dander to Kensington High Street, its also right beside Westfields so plenty of eating options there.  Rooms are ok, on the small side but thats London.  The bathroom, while functional, was a little bit dated but very clean.    Didn't eat in the restaurant but did use the Exec Lounge which is pretty small and was very busy on both evenings.  The tables are all set out for couples or larger groups but many of these were taken up by single business travellers so this meant you had to share with strangers. A bit uncomfortable.  The lounge was very generous though and stayed open a but later than…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,friendly staff but bathroom is falling apart,"the staff is very friendly, however the bathroom was already falling apart. stains on carpets everywhere - a bit grubby. Definitely dissapointing and no ""Hilton-feeling"" but to be fair - the rooms from colleagues were a bit better. So it all depends if youre lucky or not",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disgusting,"Fortunately,  I was only booked to stay for one night, it  was absolutely awful, do not stay here if you are looking for  comfort. The room is the size of a postage stamp, we had been travelling for two weeks so had two middle size suitcases and I am not exaggerating when I say there was no room to fit them in the room we had to balance one on top of the other on a small round glass table.  The room was hot and stuffy, air con not working and very noisy. Finally the bed, well it is a wooden board with a mattress on top, so hard. I complained and requested to be moved so they offered me another room but it was exactly the same as the first only slightly larger as it was classed as a deluxe but i declined and stayed put and sat in a chair all night as it was to late to find…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards,"Check out my pictures to see what mean. When I  mentioned it at check out the head  clerk told me that I  should have mentioned it earlier. I should have known better when we walked into the lobby and it reminded me of a very tired casino lobby from an Eastern block country. The check in was pitiful as there were only 2 people working and I listened as they explained that they were extremely busy and could not help the poor guy in front of us. There was no one at the concierge desk either. Our room was worn looking, carpet stained and one of the worst doors on a bathroom I have ever seen. Someone surely flooded the bath before and ruined the wood. Under the sink the tile was so dirty it looked like it had not been cleaned in a long time. Just because you pay 145 pounds for a…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What's wrong with Hotels in London?,"The rooms are small, the bathrooms are ridiculous (you have to see it), the hotel is noisy, (one of the days they started hammering at 7.30am!), and all in all if was any other country this would be 3 star hotel! What almost saves it is the staff, always helpful and polite.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful place to stay,"Rooms are tiny, dirty and very poorly appointed. Staff are discourteous and the bed was probably the worst I have slept in in years. The heating in my room didn't work and the although I had a group booking with Internet included, the staff refused to give me an internet password.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Concierge Service,"Our small group needed many problems resolved along with arranging transportation. Concierge Rachid Battal was always most patient and helpful. He even helped me to wrap a package I wanted to mail back to the States, volunteering to take it to the post office for me if I so wished. He helped to make our stay enjoyable and worry free.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"The hotel was nice and very clean.  The location was close to the subway which made it easy to get around as well.  My only complaints which some can be an easy fix; no free WIFI - even in the lobby which I will never understand.  You have to sit on their computers in the hallway to get online or pay over $20 US each day?  We also got in late the first night and went to the bar area to grab a bite to eat, the kitchen was closed due to to some malfunction but room service was still available?  I was tempted to simply order room service and have it delivered to the bar.  Oh well.  And the one that can't fix is the size of rooms and bathrooms, they were definitely on the small side with barely enough room to get around the bed or turn around in the shower.  :(",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent business stay,"Have been visiting this hotel 4 times. This time stayed here for a few nights for business. Very good location, in a quiet area. Room was very comfortable and very clean. Breakfast which was included in price was excellent with a huge selection choice. Staff is particulary helpful and friendly. Very close to Holland park, Kensington palace and Hammersmith area. The most amazing shopping centre Westfields is just a few steps away",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff.,"I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend in April, with my husband and parents. We got here late morning very tired after an early start, the lovely staff had one of our rooms ready and the other was ready an hour later, which was a great surprise when check-in is normally later. We just used this as a base so did not use the other facilities. Great spacious clean rooms and friendly helpful staff made this great accommodation. The only faults was location for us, although it's proximity to the tube was good however it was closed for maintenance. If I was to stay here again I'd request a room at the back, the traffic noise at the front was a problem at night and early morning.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A 4 star hotel in a nice location,"The hotel is in a very nice area, nearby is Holland park for a nice walk in the ""Woods"", very close there are 2 tube station, in 5 minutes walk you can reach the Westfield shopping center one of the biggest in Europe with all kind of shops, bars and restaurant. The hotel itself is not new and you can see it but it is clean and kept with in good order. It is a 4 star hotel not a 5 star  and you cannot really ask too much more. Being in London the  cost of the room is reasonable. There are better hotel for the price of this Hilton but, to the best of my knowledge no one in a more convenient and nice location. I had free wifi in the room for an offer to the ones that did book directly on Hilton site, otherwise it is free only in the lobby, the wifi speed is acceptable.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"This hotel was excellent. Fast efficient check-in/out breakfast was the best I've had in London and the concierges were spot on and very helpful.  However, I would forget the restaurant, it was mediocre and staff non-attentive. Food was horrible.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service Exceptional ... rooms OK,"I rated this hotel very good as the level of service was very very good. From the concierge dealing with dumb time wasting by foreign tourists who really needed their hand holding, to the reception and restaurant staff who were both friendly and efficient.  We have reserved a Junior Suite which had a small living room attached to the bedroom. Our room was showing its age and definitely would have benefited from some love and attention to the furnishings and decoration.  The bed was OK in terms of comfort (by UK standards), but wasn't at Hilton USA standards.  Breakfast was typical UK fare, with lovely artery clogging bacon, eggs, black pudding, etc. as well as more healthy offerings.  Location isn't central allowing to walk outside directly in to the attractions, but is a great…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,excellent family stay,"a really enjoyable stay, excellent service, good value, bathrooms a bit in need of refurbishment. I cant understand some of the negative comments about this hotel. the bar could do with some mood lighting for the evenings. parking is reasonable for London",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A week in London,The hotel is customer friendly. The front desk and concierge were very helpful. It is clean.  Located in a quiet and safe place. Close to both bus stops and train stations. There is a high end mall with nice selection of restaurants close by. I don't mind using it next visit to London.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good value, great location. ","Parking: good underground safe parking. Bit pricey though!  Reception area and check in: Lovely reception area and polite, welcoming staff. Check in took a bit longer than usual but can be overlooked because of friendly staff.   Room: dated and in need of refurbishment. A real contrast to the lovely, modern reception, bar and restaurant areas. The bed itself felt rickety and made a lot of noise. Room was very clean and quiet.   Facilities: we used the bar and had breakfast in the restaurant. Bar is very nice and modern, good atmosphere and excellent staff. Very expensive for drinks though. The restaurant and breakfast were excellent.   Location: fantastic location close to Kensington High Street and Westfields. Great tube access to Shepherds Bush just over the road.   Overall:…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Bad Service!!,"I am absolutely pissed off by the disgusting service of the housekeeping staff. I was nice enough to walk out to the corridor as I saw the housekeeping when walking back to my room after breakfast. I brought along the empty tissue box and politely asked if I can have a new one. To my surprise, the lady threw the box on the floor and walk away (I took a picture of it). I was in shock as I was tactful with my words and I even smile at her when in contact. I have never received such terrible service and neither can I imagine this from Hilton hotel!",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,For the price in London it was good,"London hotels are hugely overpriced for what they offer so choosing this hotel for 2 nights was based on a good rate.  Location is a little out of the center but it is very close to the tube.  Staff were pleasant and friendly.  Room was clean, small and a little tired.  Food in the coffee shop was ok and the service (the once I ate there) was good.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Noisy Room Doors,Arrived early in the morning feeling pretty exhausted after a 15 hour over night flight hoping to get a nap for a couple of hours before lunch. However unable to sleep due to incessant slamming of room doors by cleaning staff. Upon investigation realized that the cause is that there is no sound damping rubber/foam strip on the part of the door frame that the door closes against. So with the self closing doors wood just bangs on wood. Pretty disappointing for a so called 4 star hotel and for the sake of a few hundred dollars just to add some rubber/foam to the appropriate part of the door frame. Typical though of modern corporations. Millions of dollars spent on all the fancy jazz but nobody pays any attention to the little important details...,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good comfortable hotel for business stay,"Comfortable, quiet (we had a room in the back), reliable and good service -- everything one needs for a stay on business. Not centrally located (and a taxi is very expensive) but easy enough to get to on the tube Central line. Nice neighbourhood.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lost and Found didn't find my items,"The hotel is in a decent location, about 5 minute walk to tube station. Note that this part of the city is about a 20 GBP taxi ride to Soho or the center of the city.  The staff were friendly enough and the breakfast was good.   The rooms are very small - much smaller than I expected. In fact it was one of the smallest hotel rooms I have ever seen.   I left a pair of earphones in my room and when I asked the Night Manager she tried to find them in the lost and found but couldn't. Later she said she would email me (I left her my business card) but I didn't receive any email or updated on my missing earphones.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My honest opinion,"The service was excellent, location was excellent, very nice place to stay, walking distance to many places, everything was almost perfect but the size of the room was a bit expensive ... Thank you for my pleasant stay ...",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"120v, shabby room, great staff","The room linens were clean but the room itself was in shabby shape. There was lipstick smeared on the thread-barren carpet and dings / chunks missing in all the walls and the ""North American"" outlet socket was loose. Honestly, I was surprised it was a ""Hilton.""   Not sure if all the rooms had 120v outlet but it was great to have, no mention of this on the hotel website - a lovely surprise.  The beds were on wheels without locks - which surprised me when I leaned on one - we both took a little ride. The height of the tub deck was a source of jokes amongst our group all week. I'm 5'7"" and The lip was above my knee!  Not enough lovely things could be said about those lobby staff. Everyone was willing to lend insight on, the quickest, the simplest, the closest...attractions. Very…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short stay,Coffee shop menu poor; see Hilton Wembley one. Cold plates for hot breakfast?  No No!!!! again  see Hilton Wembley.. Returning to London in September but need to see an  improvement in catering! Room storage not good and a comfortable chair would be appreciated. Space for tea making quite dangerous!!,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Chelsea Flower Show Break,"Stayed 3 nights at the Hilton last week, they let us check in at 11am which was helpful. The hotel rooms are small and a bit tired and could do with a facelift. A beer and a G @ T in the bar was £26 so only had 1 round. It is in zone 2 for the tube so factor that in. If you are looking for space and luxury then try elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to usual room standards,"Stayed here for two nights last weekend. Room was very cramped with very noisy AC unit, but easy to switch it off. Not a problem in English cool weather! Good breakfast but mainly self service. Excellent friendly reception and concierge staff. Did not try other services. Hotel was really just a base for a busy family weekend seeing sights and entertainment. Very handy for tube station, only 7 mins to Shepherds Bush on foot.  Hotel was adequate and relatively clean and served the purpose, but doesn't really live up to Hilton standards.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just one nght,Staff very helpful. We  arrived early but had already arranged to leave our luggage which was no problem. However it turned out that our room was ready & we could go straight there. The room was warm & comfortable with king-sized bed but nothing out of the ordinary. We didn't have to vacate the room until noon next day so the morning was relaxed. Breakfast was excellent. We booked our evening meal in the hotel which we don't normally do. The shared fish platter was superb.The 2 mains were fine but the choice of vegetables which was extra (£3 each) was poor. Not a green veg of any kind or even carrots.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend break,A nice hotel in a really handy spot for getting on and off the tubes and it had a safe underground car park the food in the hotel was nice.friendly staff throughout guess my only faults was that at breakfast it was a little cramped our table for two was so close to the table next to us that when we went up to get food the table next to us were helping themselves to the food off our table so when we returned with our toast the jam had been eaten,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2015,"This hotel is seriously in need of major renovation.  The restaurant was excellent for breakfast, the employees were polite and friendly, but plumbing and refrigerator/minibar issues were not resolved in spite of bringing it to the hotel's attention 3 times.  The location is good",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would never stay here again,"Although located in a lovely neighborhood of London, would never stay here again.  My room had to be changed three times in one night.  In the first room, the air conditioning did not work and the electrical went on and off intermittently.  The air conditioning did not work in the second room either.  In the third room, the bathroom shelf was hanging off the wall and the engineer could not quickly repair it and determined the room unsafe.  Finally, the fourth room was functional.  The manager compensated me for the annoyance and inconvenience by providing me with a free dinner and free breakfasts for my entire stay.  However, the rooms are poorly designed and only allow one of the windows to be opened.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average accomodation; excellent service,"I was there for business for a week.  After staying in overpriced and meager accommodations in the City, I tried the Hilton London Kensington.  The accommodations were functional and average. The room was much smaller than pictured-- Photoshop makes the room look bigger than it is.  The room was small for two people.  The hotel room could stand a refresh to make better use of the space.  The bathroom was in good working order but could use some small plastering touch ups.  Despite the hotel room showing its age,  the service was excellent.  The housekeeper did a thorough job in cleaning the room. The servers in the hotel restaurants were warm and friendly and the front desk staff were very helpful.  We were upgraded to the executive lounge, which was a nice perk (breakfast, tea…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Four hundred pounds per night and a dirty carpet.....,"well.....as part of a tour of England our travel agent booked us at the 'Hilton London Kensington' ...sounded great.... we found out when we arrived that this hotel is in Shepherds Bush.... and not in Kensington... and that we were charged just over 'two hundred pounds' per night.... ($400.00 Canadian) .... for a small room, with two small beds, a dirty carpet, a wardrobe that smells musty and dirty windows....with a view into the other hotel windows across from ours... so 'no view' ... the penalty for a quieter room... otherwise rooms face main road.  The cherry on top was that when we enquired about wi-fi we were told there was a ...wait for it... 'fee' of 'fourteen pounds and 99 cents for 24 hours ($30.00) ... unless we sat downstairs in the lobby.  Welcome to London.  Ugh.…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beware of heating issues,"Upon first entering, the lobby was nice and front desk people were polite. Older building, issues with their heating system, hot and cold not controllable. Had to change rooms next day.  Not very good.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay here again,"Lobby area and rooms were fairly nice, but I was really annoyed by the lack of free wifi (The ""Free Wifi"" in the amenities section was only for public areas).  Also the cost of the Wifi for one day was GBP 15 per day (almost $25 US dollars) which I thought was ridiculous.  Lastly the bathroom had a ton of long black hairs on the floor which was gross.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,Wonderful location in leafy Notting Hill.  Bus stop outside the entrance and tube stations close by.  Choice of good restaurants in area.  Easy to get to central London. Staff very helpful and breakfast exceptional,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Avoid, avoid, avoid..!","We always try to stay in Hilton properties and usually choose the Tower Bridge option when staying in London.  After a pleasant check-in, everything went downhill.  1) Damp patch on the ceiling above the door. 2) The room was easily the smallest we've ever stayed in. 3) The general cleanliness was poor. The carpet was dirty.  3) The bed linen was grease stained.  4) Paintwork was filthy.  5) Shower was dirty.  6) The door surround in the bathroom had a BLOOD STAIN. 7) The desk drawer wouldn't stay shut and so housekeeping thought that holding it shut with a chair was a viable solution. 8) The door to the bathroom had no lock... it was broken. 9) The minibar was empty and remained empty for the duration of our stay. 10) The tea making facilities weren't replenished. After the…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What you would expect from the Hilton brand....,"We stayed for three nights in early May and found the hotel to be up to the usual stand of the Hilton chain. A quick and easy check-in and the room we had was comfortable and spacious. Being a Hilton Hhonors Gold member, I was expecting an upgrade but sadly that did not happen. We were however given a king-size bed and the complimentary breakfast was a welcome addition as well. It's a mixture of both business and leisure who stay there and it's handily only five mins from the Tube Station. We'd book again......",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Everything you need for a comfortable stay,"It´s not the most beautiful of the Hilton hotels, honestly.  Seem to be a a little bit old, but don´t care as everything was perfect: nice and comfortable bed, clean room, amenities and every thing you might need.  Staff was helpful, as always, there was a nice spanish guy ¿Sergio? in the night shift who was ver kind.  And the zone is amazing, close to Holland Park. I´ll be back.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Traveled here for a business conference, great hotel with nice big rooms.  I stayed in an executive king room on the 6th floor. Pick an outside room as the view was great; overlooked the front of the hotel.  Lovely park right across the street.  The hotel itself was clean and nice.  The room was big for UK standards with a nice comfortable bed and nice bathroom.  The WiFi worked great and was very fast.  The executive lounge was very nice and all of the staff were friendly.  Nice selection at breakfast and drinks at dinner time were a nice touch.  Overall, a lovely hotel and nice stay in a great part of London.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible service and outdated hotel,"Stayed for one night, service in the lobby bar was extremely slow and it wasn't even busy, waited for at least 10 minutes each time we placed an order, for which we always had to call someone or walk to the bar. Witnessed the general manager pay extremely high attention to certain parties only, food was very slow and not the quality you would expect from this chain. Best thing about this hotel was the breakfast but let down badly by the very cramped dining room and inattentive waiting staff, on several occasions we had to request plates to be cleared between courses. Decor is dark and drab. ",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really?,"Is this really a Hilton? The cheapest, low-quality bed and it is on wheels and moves when you lay down! Also I am a long time H Honor member and they still charge £15./night for Internet.  Tired looking everywhere. However, the staff is very nice and have a good attitude.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible.,"Booked an executive suite for a special occasion to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  The suite was basically two interconnecting rooms one of which had the lift cut out of it making it quite small.  The bathroom was appalling. Tiny space, very claustrophobic with the enamel peeling off all over the bath. Not what you expect when booking a luxury executive suite at the Hilton! Complained within 10 minutes of checking in but were told the hotel was fully booked and they couldn't do anything about it until the following morning. After a three hour journey and with dinner reservations in fifteen minutes (not in the hotel!) we were forced to accept our room for a night.  First thing next morning, back to reception.  This time we were told come back at 2pm when we will know your…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton,"If you've been to one , you've been to all.  Room was ready on arrival which is always nice.  Room was fine, not much of a view . Bathroom small. Service in bar was very slow, we gave up waiting at lunchtime and went somewhere else. The evening service wasn't much better . Breakfast was good and service was friendly . Executive lounge large and was well stocked . Probably wouldn't stay here again because of its location . would be perfect for Westfield shopping centre but that was about all . Use shepherds bush underground, it's closer than Holland Park .",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing, Perfect hotel for our little getaway!","I stayed at the Hilton Kensington with my partner Easter weekend for our anniversary, it was absolutely brilliant, enjoyed every minute! Staff at the Hilton made sure it was a weekend for us to remember, we went out shopping and when we arrived back we were surprised with a bottle of champagne, all staff members were extremely friendly. With being a young couple sometimes hotels we've stayed at previously look down at us but we never had this at the Hilton. Our room was spotless with modern interior, we had amazing views to top it off! Food was amazing in the executive lounge!  We will definitely stay here again when we have a another little weekend away in London!",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Alright,"We spent four nights at this hotel and were pleased on the whole. The room is quite big with a comfortable bed and the bathroom was just the right size for two. Sadly, we were told there would be both a bathtub and a shower but there only was a bathtub (which I was happy about at first as it was not very clean).  There is a bus line right in front of the hotel that takes you downtown (Oxford street/Piccadilly circus), making it convenient to get to some of the main attractions or to escape the hustle and bustle of the city. The neighborhood can seem loud at first but it is actually really quiet once you get off holland park ave.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend shopping trip,Very disappointed in a chain like Hilton. Room was booked as a family room but only had one bed. Had to ask for additional towels. Staff could barely speak English. All in all very poor show for Hilton need to pull your socks up.,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very good BUT,"Every thing from booking on line to leaving was very good to excellent, apart from we had a very noisy bed which as you can imagine was awful, we were only there one night so didn't have time to move rooms, although we are pretty sure that they would have accommodated us, we thought once asleep it would be ok, how wrong we were, we got about 2/3 hours of sleep, not good when got a long drive the next day, would advise anybody to try the bed for noise well before sleep time.to reiterate though the rest of the hotel and its amenities were very good and the staff were excellent, being on the phone or in person at the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel ever stayed in,"On a world trip so have stayed in many hotels in many countries and this is definitely the worst one I have ever stayed in. Left our room at 7.15am and when we returned at 6 pm the room had not been cleaned! Too many other complaints to put here, just don't ever stay there! ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great night stay in london,"Hotel was in a fab location, very close proximity to Westfield! Room was lovely and modern. Breakfast was amazing, the variety and quality were outstanding. The executive lounge was excellent definitely a must! All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend and will certainly be staying again!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel for central London,"Stayed here for the weekend with family whilst attending concert at Albert Hall. The hotel is extremely big and busy but actually quite good for a London hotel.  Our room although not big was a decent size and was clean with everything you would expect coffee, tea etc, selection of toiletries. We were fortunate to have a room on the outside of the building which at least allowed us a view of some green space.  The breakfast which was included in the price had a good selection of hot and cold food. As is normal for a London hotel bar the prices were quite steep. The staff were friendly.   The only real negative was the excessive charge for the use of wifi in the rooms, why hotels of this size do not offer free wifi to all guests is a mystery given the large margins they make on…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant hotel closed  to  London amenities,"Nicely situated,  just off the busy district of Kensington,  courteous concierge and helpful,  attentive receptionist,  and knowledgeable, we were given a key card to the executive lounge,  more than sufficient for your daily needs,  food was good and varied,  the bar and restaurant just off the entrance is quite good too although the menu is very limited,  but if you don't fancy going out, than its fine.  The hotel boasts a souvenir shop in the lobby for all your little needs phone sim card included,  and a short drive away takes you in the heart of Kensington.  Room service was speede too and the rooms clean and comfortable,  the executive room features a private room for privacy.  Highly recommend if you are in London. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Getting tired and disappointing,"I have stayed at this hotel many times in the past and have also reviewed on a couple of occasions before, many defending the hotel facilities and location. But having just returned I would now tend to agree with a lot of other postings which state that the hotel is tired and not up to the Hilton standard. The pro's have always been the location and ease of access to central London along with being a nice surrounding area in Holland Park and also a major Westfield shopping centre. The size of the exec lounge is also a bonus. But the cons are starting to outweigh everything else. There is no difference between a standard and an exec room, the rooms are small especially for two, the bathrooms are not that clean and have aging facilities (would much prefer a walk in shower and not…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing for a Hilton,The hotel is inbetween 2 tube stations which is great if you're wanting to see a bit more in London.  The hotel lobby and reception was very clean and the staff were helpful.  The room was tidy and looked great. There was a hairdryer in the wardrobe. We was dissapointed with our bathroom and there was rust and no ventalation. The bed was not very comfy either. We would not normally complain about these things but when staying in a Hilton and paying that money you expect everything to be perfect. In saying that we did explain our dissapointment about the room in the survey and the reply from the hotel manager was excellent. The room mini bar is well stocked and there is also room for your own items.  The bar staff were lovely and the hotel itself is very nice. We enjoyed our…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay during London Marathon weekend,"Stayed here last weekend whilst taking part in the London Marathon.   Very nice hotel, reception took care of our luggage despite the fact we were early and the rooms were not ready. The hotel is 5 mins from Shepherds Bush tube on the central line so all the sights are 20 mins away tops.  The room was spacious and comfortable, very clean and in good repair. The breakfast was excellent and as a very nice touch they had peanut butter on the buffet. (Staple diet for marathon runners!!)   Looked a very busy place but never had to queue for anything. Would happily stay there again when visiting the city.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Place but We Had a Problem...,"As with all the London-based Hiltons we've stayed in, the place seems nice, is well decorated, and the staff hard-working and friendly, but in retrospect, we had a few issues.  The thermostat in the room was hard to control, the bathroom had no ventilation, and we think the breakfast in the executive lounge made us a bit queasy both days we stayed.  We initially chalked it up to something else but at the end of the day, we were both ill after breakfast.  It seems that the food wasn't very warm, I have to wonder how long it had been out as we arrived towards the end late each day.  Also, our hallway just seems to have a bad odor about it both days. The front revolving door was clumsy and stopped often if someone was on the ends. Good location between two tube stations and great…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"One has come to believe that the Hilton brand comes with certain expectations.  This hotel dismisses and dispells any of those preconceived notions.  This hotel is old and dated.the lobby is dirty and worn not welcoming by any means.  The front desk staff are grumpy and unhelpful.   The location of the property is ideal and convenient. If you don't mind a ""shoe box"" room and can ignore the dated building and worn decor I would rate this hotel 1.5 stars out of 5.  At the price per night a bit steep taking the above into consideration.  Hilton needs to invest in this property and bring up to date.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
2609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,a night in london,"impersonal but efficient service in a central hotel close to tube, railway and restaurants  Nice park nearby relaxed atmosphere in the bar.  Object to having too pay for a bottle of water in room.  Good to be able to open the bedroom window for convenience would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,I will begin by saying this is a nice enough hotel.  We did not find the same hospitality that we usually experience when we visit European Hiltons. The rooms were smallish but clean. The bed was comfortable and the location was convenient to a subway station.  I would stay again if in the area. ,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I think I expect more from the Hilton?,"The hotel is a 4-5 minute walk from Shepherd's Bush tube/overground station. When you enter the reception is as you would expect as it looks stylish and smart.  I had a double bedroom on the 5th floor that was light and spacious, in that it had cream walls, white wood and cream marble like tiles in the bathroom. I was not keen on the inter connecting door in my room, it felt unsafe AND I could hear the couple talking in their room the other side of the door!  My colleague had a double room on the second floor that must have been a third smaller than my room. Her room only had a shower and it was decorated in very dark colours i.e. black marble like tiles in the bathroom, very dark furniture and black wood around the door frames. Her room really felt small.  My spacious room with…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,5 day stay in London,"Excellent location, friendly and helpful staff Room ok, bed good, walking distance to mall & metro, park across the street, nice neighborhood restaurant in hotel has good food and and an excellent breakfast, happy hour, and tea",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel,"Stayed here on an organised coach trip. Very busy hotel. Our room was  on the small side and ""tired"" looking. As others have said, probably not what you expect from the ""Hilton brand"". We chose to eat here on our first night. Unfortunately, one member of the waiting staff started arguing with another member of staff regarding our order. This was most unprofessional and upsetting for the other member of staff and ourselves. I did bring this to the attention of the bar manager who did apologise and offered us a drink to compensate. However, this kind of behaviour should not happen in any hotel, let alone the Hilton!  We had breakfast which was usual buffet style with plenty of choice.  You will require public transport  to get around the sights of London from this hotel. We did…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a refurbishing and an injection of personality,Over priced and underwhelming. Just because you are branded as a Hilton shouldn't mean you stop caring about your clients experience. It took a couple of conversations with the desk staff to finally get a room that was considered suitable for what we were paying for a 4 night stay in London. Loved Kensington as a location but would not stay at the Hilton Kensington again.,Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great place to start your European romp,"My husband, Snook, and I stayed at his hotel for two nights and found it to be a beehive of activity.  The room was a standard, very clean and comfortable hotel room by American standards. The hotel also contained gift shop, restaurant, lounge, lobby computer bank, and grand piano with lots of comfortable seating.  Most of the staff was from neighboring European countries, but all spoke impeccable English. It was fun to chat up the servers and bartenders over a happy hour cocktail. The concierge booked excursions, made reservations and called for taxis.  Starting in late afternoon, there was a pianist in the lobby and folks coming and going to various appointments and meetings with friends. There was free use of Wifi and computers in the lobby but there was a fee for Wifi in the…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected more,"I booked a stay with this Hilton hotel in London expecting it to live up to its Hilton name but boy was I suprised. The location of this hotel suited us just fine because it was minutes away from an underground station and the impeccable Westfield mall, and 15 min away from central London. We arrived and were disappointed with the outside appearance of the hotel, it looked outdated and not presentable. Then we found out that we had to pay extra for wifi everyday, a fee of 14 pounds. I have stayed with less fancy hotels before and they even provided me with free wifi in the room. However, if free wifi was needed, then the lobby was the place to go. Our room was on the 3rd floor and when we saw the room, we were disappointed by the furniture, it too was outdated. The beds were…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Faded shoe box,"Ok the hotel reception area is nice and it's a great area.  Close to Westfield shopping area.  Upstairs the rooms are tiny, the decor is worn and faded, bathroom had mold in it with a rusty shower curtain pole.  No internet in the rooms either.  So all in all, for the cost it should be a lot better. ",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"My daughter and I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for our week-long visit in April 2015.  I had booked the hotel as part of a Priceline package and felt that I received a good rate, especially for a Hilton.    We arrived at Heathrow, from Newark NJ, and immediately headed towards London.  I had ordered London Travelcards ahead of time and had them mail to my home, so that we could use them on the underground from the airport.  For us, the Travelcard made more sense than the Oyster, but there are plenty of websites that compare the two, so please be sure to choose what works best for you.  Upon arrival, we knew that we were a bit early.  We were hoping that the friendly front desk staff would be able to find a room for us and they did.  Our room was on the fifth floor,…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,West Side of London is a great location!,"My spouse & I spent 3 nights at this hotel; 2 at the beginning of our trip & 1 at the end.This is a very walkable area of London with choices for public transportation too.  The Westfield Mall is a 10 minute walk; this is a destination unto itself & shouldn't be missed.Ditto on  Portobello Marketplace also walkable. We found our 1st room to be a little crowded with a very small shower & very little storage; however, the place was extremely clean & came with the requisite samples for bathroom use.Our 2nd stay we had a refurbished room; the bathroom was totally redone.  There was plenty of storage;& we had 2 twin beds. Computers are in the lobby; free wifi throughout. Customer service is outstanding except for very early morning (3AM to 7AM) when you can't get coffee.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Booked this Hilton hotel over the London  Marathon weekend. Ideally located in Sheppards Bush within a five minute walk to Sheppards Bush under and overground train station. The starting location to the marathon and the finish was easy to get to from this location.  The hotel is in walking distance of the Westfield shopping centre so lots of shops and restaurants near by.  On arrival the reception staff were very friendly and helpful, had booked an executive room so had access to the executive lounge which was excellent. The room was spacious and clean with all amenities you would expect from a Hilton Hotel. Hot water was hot which was bliss after running 26.2 miles. Hotel has a small gym which is good. Bed was large and comfortable. Even though our room was at the front of the…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great High Tea But Faded Decor,"I went for a Groupon perfume and afternoon tea experience yesterday.  The whole package was incredibly good value.  The afternoon tea was huge, with sandwiches, scones, trifle, lemon tarts, chocolate brownies and macarons.  Fortunately the staff were more than happy to provide a box to take home the extras.  The only let down is that this Hilton is sorely in need of a facelift, with very 1980s carpeting and decor.  However, the highlight was a fabulous Ghanain wedding that was taking place, with all the guests dressed in spectacular traditional fashion, it really lifted the spirits!",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, nice area",Stayed at this hotel last week and after an initial mix up with rooms ( which was dealt with swiftly and professionally )  we were allocated a lovely room on the third floor. Opting to upgrade to breakfast was well worth it - everything clean and freshly cooked. Staff friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions etc. Would be very happy to stay here again. ,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Leisure weekend in London,Very busy hotel we found it comfortable. The staff were friendly and obliging.Breakfast provides lots of choices but some of the cooked food was not as hot as we would have liked but that is a personal preference.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Out of the Tourist Area,"This is my go to hotel for London. While the rooms may be on the small side, the location is what does it for me. The Westfield for shopping is only a 5 minute walk, there are many transportation options (Underground, Overground, Bus, Coach), and you're just a 10 minute walk to Holland Park Avenue shops and restaurants. But, what is best about this hotel's location is that you are nowhere near the tourist areas of Victoria, Park Lane, or the West End. Therefore, it's a quiet, relaxing stay among regular Londoners. And, to a one, the staff here is friendly, fun, and willing to accommodate your needs.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Near westfield shopping centre,Grand entrance attentive staff and pleasant environment Massive reception area Room was nice if not on the little side and small bathroom but clean and comfy Not the best shower i have ever used Tv was great and beds comfy My wifi was free but i believe there is a heavy fee for wifi so check  Used the Exec lounge comfy drinks and nibbles attentive Didn't use gym but there is one and i believe a sauna 5 minute walk to westfield shopping centre massive and shep bush tube station and buses so good for shops restaurants etc Ideal location. If right price and in area i would stay again as i am a Hilton honors member.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel on Central Line,"I stay at Hilton brand quite a lot. I stayed here with my friend. The hotel is clean, friendly and as an Executive member, I get breakfast included.  Room was very nice and a good shower. Had a great view over the park. Would stay again",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We had a lovely stay in this friendly hotel,We stayed for 2 nights. The hotel was convenient for transport links to central London with a bus stop opposite the hotel which took you right in to Westminster and the city.    Our room was clean and spacious and staff were very helpful.  The breakfast was very good. I chose the healthy option of an egg white omelette and yoghurt with fruit and granola and was not disappointed. My husband chose the full english and had plenty to choose from at the buffet.  We would stay there again if we were in the city for a weekend break.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location; In need of an update!,"Stayed here with a group of friends for a long weekend in London. The hotel is in a great location to provide links to explore anywhere in the city.  On arrival however the rate had been mysteriously changed from the confirmation email of £119/night, to £145/night. This in itself was sorted fairly quickly, however the receptionists ability to explain the system of reserving £50 on your debit card for additional expenses (e.g Mini bar, room service etc), was poor at best. Each time we spoke she came up with a different number, which eventually led me to believing we were playing a game of check-in bingo! The room in itself was the standard size you would expect from a London hotel. However it is in need of a good lick of paint, new carpet and general modernisation. The bathroom…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,room interior,"room interior quality is low and not as expected. staff is nice and friendly. Hotel should refurbish rooms and washroom. Lobby and reception is nice. Location is excellent . Lots of eating places around, park at walking distance.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Had a wonderful experience at Hilton,"I always love Hilton.  This is one of the best Hilton I've stayed after New York.  I will definitely go back and book this hotel again.  The rooms are big, we had good internet service.  The conceirge would always help us.  The receptionist are always there to help us.  The check in and check out was so fast.  Restaurant breakfast have different variety of foods. :)",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Busy but perfectly adequate,"This hotel is what you would expect from a city Hilton. Functional, fairly comfortable with friendly staff. The rooms are a little on the small side, but this is central London where space is at a premium. Some of the rooms are a little tired, but everything is clean and everything works. Not the cheapest hotel in the world, but average for central London.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with decent internet,"There are many reviews of this hotel, so I will try to focus on a few different items:  1. Hotel is well situated for public transit.  Shepards Bush underground station is a very easy walk -- less than 5 minutes for me. From there it is an easy trip into central London. Tip: To find the hotel when exiting the underground station, walk across the street towards the Overground station and take the stairs in the middle of the Overground station up the hill.  You can then see the Hilton a few blocks away.  2. Service was friendly.  Check in was friendly and lobby area was clean and functional.  3. Room was smallish, but not bad in layout.  4. WIFI was free for those who purchase the room directily from Hilton.com.  Wifi was also fast.  I measured speeds of about 8 megs up and down. …",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate hotel outside of center,"I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington in January. The hotel is more than adequate, but seemed a little overpriced considering where it is located. Thankfully, I was able to reserve an executive room at a discount, which gains you access to the executive lounge for food and drink in the evening (I didn't partake), and free breakfast in the morning.   As big as the hotel is, I was a little disappointed that I couldn't get into my room early, making it a very long day after the overnight flight.   Overall, I was pleased with my one night stay. If I were in London again, I would consider staying here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,Location of Hotel was great.  We spent 4 nights in London seeing the sights.  Had a hop on hop off bus right across the road from the Hotel.  Westfeild shopping centre a 5 min walk and the underground a short bus ride. Couple local pubs within easy walking distance for drinks and meals. Used the Gym at the Hilton which was fine.  Had breakfast which was amazing and great choices. Staff helpful for information on London. Enjoyed the stay.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,hotel experience,Other than being in the right area for my visit would not recommend this hotel - unless person needed this area for a quick visit - as expensive for what was offered. Room very small and would not liked to have stayed there longer than one night.  Felt too enclosed and bathroom small but just adequate.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel; easily accessible,"I stayed in this hotel on a business visit to London. It's pretty decent for a business visitor. Nothing much to brag about the atmosphere or the deco in the rooms. It could have easily been mistaken for another budget hotel if I hadn't seen the word ""HILTON"" in bold letters at the front.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Helpful staff, nice breakfasts and evening drinks with the executive package. Nice room, comfortable but pretty standard hotel room. Buses outside will take you straight into London. Major shopping centre nearby with places to eat but nothing really ""London"" mostly chain type. Probably would stay in other parts of London with a bit more to offer in the area but the hotel was quite nice. ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Second terrible experience,"I had a second terrible experience with this hotel just after a first disastrous stay. They told me that this time they will take care of me. The service is catastrophic. Problem over problem. They don't know how to fix. They say that they will come to the room, they didn't. Again completely unacceptable for a 4-star hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worn Out & Tired,"It is like walking into a tatty 1980's airport hotel, absolutely characterless, not very clean and very very noisy at the front on lower floors. Had to change room three times on arrival, first room had animal vomit on the carpet, second room right above busy bus stop. Gave up on third room and looked forward to check out.   Hundreds and hundreds of rooms, four very slow lifts. Numerous children pushing all the buttons.  Absolutely never again.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,This hotel was well situated right near shpherds bush station and the westfield shopping centre. We upgraded to an executive room with access to the exec lounge and this was well worth the small additional cost. Rooms were compact but comfortable and stafff were helpful. The executive lounge was fantastic. Drinks and canapes were served in the evening and the breakfast was superb. Would definietkey recommmend to others and we have booked to go back already!!,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than ever,"An excellent business hotel , close to transport and an excellent shopping centre. The staff were excellent, better than ever. I would recommend an executive room in order to use the executive lounge. This is an excellent facility to rest and relax in after a busy day.. Breakfast was fast and good in the lounge. All in all a good business hotel",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"I stayed a few times now in this Hotel and we were satisfied every time we stayed here. The Location is good and if you are with a hired car and you find the Hotel parking a bit expensive you can always use the Westfields car park across the roundabout, good price for a long period of parking. I definitely recommend this Hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"The staff in the breafkast area was nice and helpful. The staff in the reception were nice enough, but weren't especially polite or service oriented. The hotel portier (right word?) looked away when we passed him. Other staff around the entrance too. I expect staff on hotels to say: ""good morning sir"" or something like that.   Rooms were small. Bed was good, tv was excellent and with a nice range of channels. Bathroom was extremely small. Not even enough room for a shower. You have to shower standing in the bahtub.   The sound from the minibar or AC kept me up some. There were signs of rust (??) in the toilet.  When we arrived we asked about internet. They said it would cost 15 pounds a day (what the h.... why would it be this expensive???? IT should be free when you're a…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very average hotel,"Nothing special to mention about this Hilton. Didn't feel any Hiltonish feeling & while hotel is across the road from the Westfield shopping mall, I didn't see any others attraction around the hotel. Rooms were too small & not enough space to even put an average suitcase. A very loud air-conditioning system, small TV screen (with poor TV reception of TV channels), dated furniture were some of the features of the room. Will look for other options next time around.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel not typical of Hilton Brand,"As Hilton Gold members we have stopped in many Hotels but this one isn't typical of the Hilton Brand. Won't be stopping here again.  Poor atmosphere overall and really disappointed.  Concierge staff didn't look happy at all, when we walked up to the desk at one point he walked off on us.  In fact most staff didn't look happy and not one said hello or morning when passing us.  Inadequate supplies in the suite (enough for one person) for four of us.  Had to complain three times in total whilst we were there and departure bill was overcharged.  Lucky to pick this up as normally we just check out.  Complained to Hilton direct.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, lovely staff","Just returned from a great two night stay at this hotel, travelled down with my Daughter as a birthday treat for both of us & she had an appointment at the US embassy. So two birds, one stone. Easy to find, Central line to Shepards Bush. Check in was painless & efficient, special mention to Beata, Apologies if I have spelt that wrong! Who was very helpful & who remembered us the next day. Asked if we would like a quiet room, yes please, & it was. Room was clean, comfortable and well appointed. Top tip. If breakfast is not included pre-book at the desk, you'll save £8. Westfield shopping centre is just across the road & is worth a visit, everything from High end designers to High street. Lots of lovely place to eat or sit & people watch.  Will definitely return. The only thing…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"I stayed the one night. The check in was quick and easy, I was given a fresh cookie which was a nice touch. The room was clean, with a view of the other rooms I was on an inside room facing the inner courtyard. The rooms hairdryer was strong which is always important for me. I had a shower bath, love the option. I had a good nights sleep and heard no one above or around me in the other rooms or corridors. The air con though made a clicking noise which was hourly and it was switched off. The breakfast had a good selection,  well maintained area and clean. I would recommend staying here.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but check in was a mess!,"My husband and I stayed here at the end of March on a Saturday night. The location was easy to get to, using tube links (Shepherds Bush) and when you get out of the tube station you can see the Hilton to your left. It’s about 200-300 yards away but does take about 10 minutes to get to as you have to cross a number of busy roads.  Right next to the tube station is the Westfield Shopping Center and it has lots of nice eating and drinking venues and high street and designer shops.  The hotel itself was clean and smart and the bed was comfortable. Checking in was a mess, we arrived early and asked if we could just leave our bags. The receptionist tried to be helpful and check us in early. Instead, after half an hour he gave up and told us we could either have a smaller room with a…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"I'm not sure why so many people have given this a low rating, but it is now my favorite property in London!","As I noted in a prior review, I started frequenting this hotel in June 2012 for the Queens Diamond Jubilee. And since that time, I have stayed here at least 6 more times (if not more.) Most recently, I used my Hilton Points to allow two friends who were recently married to enjoy a free three-night stay at this property. Adric Mason was kind enough to provide a bottle of wine in each of our rooms, and he was able to secure an upgrade to a HUGE suite for a fair rate. The suite had a large bedroom, a separate living room, and a large bathroom. We enjoyed our time in the Executive Lounge - breakfast includes a hot buffet (limited options but still quite tasty and the staff will accommodate special requests whenever possible) and a selection of other tasty breakfast foods. During the…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,We had a good stay at Hilton Kensington. The Executive Lounge had a selection of snacks & drinks in the evening & breakfast in the morning. The lounge staff did a good job. Nice quiet bedroom but in need of a new bed. Convenient location for Westfield Shopping Centre & London sightseeing buses stop outside.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for Money Choice of Hilton Brand Name Hotels,"This is a very good choice in terms of money worth and location of hotel given that it is located within Central London and is fairly close to nearby Underground and Train Stations.  Even hiring taxi with two large baggage from the Victoria Underground Station cost only less than 20 pounds.  Facilities of this hotel are a bit old and outdated, which is compensated with its location and room rates charged.  Good Value for Money Choice!",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected More,"Stopped at the Hilton in Kensington on 31st March - Reception staff were excellent and very helpful – Room very clean, however window did not close properly and the bathroom door did not have a lock on it! – Would have expected housekeeping to more assertive in managing rooms.  Great selection at breakfast, my egg wasn’t cooked properly and the staff seemed more interested in setting table than servicing guests, had to wait to for a simple cup of coffee!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, clueless staff","Key card issued was duplicated so in the middle of getting ready for bed another family walked right in. Bathroom filthy, not cleaned, large brown stain in carpet outside the bathroom. The concierge staff truly horrid, gave completed wrong directions and were gleeful that we walked half a mile in the wrong direction. Laughed at us not thinking we spoke English. Air conditioner ran hot air the whole nite even though we set it to the coldest setting. Had to leave a window open so we wouldn't sweat to death. The room itself was so tiny, you can hardly open a suitcase. The photos used to show the rooms are lies. I am a loyal Hilton customer, having stayed in one all over Europe, the U.S. and Asia. I don't know how tripadvisor gave this hotel a 4 star, that's a joke. ",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
2654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,"We stay at the Hilton Kensington reasonably regularly. It is usually a good price compared to other hotels in London. If you stay late in London and don’t want to pay for a taxi the night buses stop outside. As a Hilton the rooms are compact like a lot in London but functional.  We usually drive up especially since the London congestion charge zone was compressed. We found parking in the Westfield shopping centre opposite far cheaper than their underground car park, although obviously not as convenient.   Service is efficient but not special like some of the other Hilton properties in London. As a Hilton Diamond they upgrade to an executive room which is no different to a standard room in terms of size. They used to upgrade to suites a few years ago but now there is no special…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great base for London.,"Stayed here as a base for a friends 40th in Notting Hill. Hotel was of an average standard for Hilton Hotels, but it was the staff that have made me give them 3 stars. They were so friendly and wanted to make sure our stay was as enjoyable as possible even keeping the bar open til the very late hours for an après party. Would stay here again. Westfield shopping centre is a 2 minute walk and central London is easily accessed as it's very close to the tube.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very friendly ...,"good location, was kept waiting for check-in for a while but recieved an apology from reception staff :-) didn't eat in the restaurant as it looked very expensive, had a few drinks in the bar but found it a somewhat ""clinical"" setting - not like other Hilton hotels I have visited - the staff however made up for it.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Three days in London,"This was a great trip.Great hotel,good service great staff. Always ate out,great area for any meal. On the bus line easy to follow near many attractions and parks in walking distance. Would go again to this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The staff maketh the hotel,"My wife and I arrived at the Kensington Hilton on 28/3/15 we turned up early and needed to leave our bags as we didn't want to carry them around the ideal home exhibition.The receptionist was very polite and told us that we could leave it with the concierge who duly placed it in a room.The hotel itself is clean and in keeping with hilton hotels .Our room was 4061 and we found it to be clean a reasonable size and the bed was a king size nice one! The view from the window was bad but we weren't about to sit and drink cocktails staring at the view we had shopping to do .The hotel is located a few minutes walk from the underground and from a really nice mall called the Westfield.Shopping is great good restaurants ,well some anyway had the misfortune of going into Bills restaurant…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Staff ,"I posted an earlier review of this hotel in which I brought a maintenance problem to the attention of the readers and the hotel manager. I just returned from a 9 day stay at this Hilton and I can confidently say that the new assistant manager, Renata Lazar, did an amazing job of listening to our previous concerns and dealing sensitively and supportively to us. The location of this Hilton is exceptional. Nestled in gorgeous Holland Park, between two tube stations, this a hotel makes access to anywhere in London a breeze on the Central line while offering its patrons a beautiful view of the crescent across the street. Bus service is literally at your door and the Shepherds Bush tube is off to the left and the Holland Park tube a beautiful walk down the road, off to the right. We…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton hotel Kensington,"Great location and very comfortable. Rooms is very bright and cheerful inside..Housekeeping staff are very helpful. Restaurant serve beautiful food, love the breakfast, good choice of healthy foods! Very close to station and short  walk to shops. Beautiful parks and great surroundings !",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
2661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a good scrub,"I just checked out of this hotel. The only reason it  gets two stars is because the executive lounge was good and the staff was friendly. I did not mind that the room was small. This is, after all Europe. However broken tiles and rust did not play well. The bed was firm but there was no top sheet. Blanket or uncovered were the choices. On the plus side there were two Tube stations within walking distance.   I realize that people love their dogs but permitting a bull mastiff in the executive lounge and having the staff laugh when the owner fed it from the lounge offerings was most unpleasant. Don't hate me animal lovers but not everyone is comfortable around dogs.   Also as a Diamond member I should have  had water in my room and my only option was an expensive bottle for…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
2662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice on arrival but dirty room and poor food,"The hotel is in an ideal location and very pleasing on arrival. The lobby is warm and welcoming.  The room on the other hand. Their was a foot print on the bedding, a mini fridge with nothing in it apart from an awful smell and a large coca cola stain. There was no cutlery provided, a very poor heating system and a lack of plug sockets.   The wifi was terrible.   All in all my stay was ok for a business trip, but I wouldn't be staying on a family trip away.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location with easy access to buses and the tube.,"We arrived via a shuttle from Heathrow to the hotel for our Sept 2014, 3-day stay. Our room wasn't ready, so we checked our bags with the doorman and walked over to the West Mall. Our room was ready on our return. Very nice, with a view of the front of the hotel. It was nice to have a place to open our suitcases. The morning breakfast was included and had a wonderful variety of choices which included my choice of oatmeal!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great hotel, great location","It was an overall good experience. I have stayed at this hotel 3,4 times before so I knew what to expect. Rooms very clean, the location was great and breakfast was included. There were only two problems. 1) no wifi if you booked through any other website than hilton.com  2) the mini bar was empty and broken. I needed to use the fridge, so after calling staff 3,4 times they finnaly sent the housekeeping and they gave us a new mini fridge.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hilton 20 minutes from Central London,"Just visited thi HiloninLonon. As a diamondmember I have visited many Hiltons  and branches in Londen. This was not the best. professional staff, nice bar, good lounge so up o Hilton standards. Try to avoid standard rooms. Very small (12m2) Undergrond central line at 200 meters.Wifi connection not verY good. Many times log in and slow.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Faded but good value and location,"Have stayed a few times and no complaints considering the room rate. Rooms are small but i'd gamble that you cannot beat the value for money offered for such a good location. Executive Lounge could do with some modernising as it feels a little sterile plus the food and beverage offering is not the best compared to many others offered by Hilton however considering its a complimentary service, one really cannot complain. Staff are generally very helpful and friendly. Make sure you get the room category you booked as basic rooms are a lot more basic/dated than the Deluxe and Executive categories. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, a little faded","The location of this Hilton hotel is very good, a short walk from Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherd's Bush Tube.  It's about 10 stops on the central line to the City of London, less to the West End.  The price is reasonable, the food is passable (not haute cuisine) and the staff very friendly.  I particularly enjoyed the (busy) executive lounge where the drinks are free and lots of choice too.   I also really liked the breakfast which was free given HHonors status.  The room was rather cramped and not particularly well equipped; it rather felt like I was caught in a 1970's timewarp like Moone Boy.    The location though would bring me back as travelling to Central London is so easy and quick.  price I paid was £145 which can't really complain about.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, convenient West London hotel","While there is nothing exceptional about this hotel, it absolutely meets all expectations. Comfortable, very clean room. Well equipped fitness center.  Good price for central London.   I found the staff very helpful (promptly brought extra toiletries, friendly room service, very informative concierge).  The hotel is convenient to Shepard's Bush and Holland Park tube stops & near the flagship Westfield mall.  Holland Park is just blocks away - great place for a walk, jog or piece of quiet in the middle of a busy city!",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Smells Great!,Building looks out of place from the outside compared to surrounding Kensington area but inside is very nice . Smells fantastic . Great bar . Good food . Helpful staff . Rooms were very clean and chambermaids done a great job . Hotel is in a great location to boot . Easy access via train/subway/bus . We miss it dearly!,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, great location","Stayed in March 2015 for 5 nights. Booked through my credit card rewards program and was lucky enough to have the junior suite,  which gives me unlimited Wi-Fi in the room and access to the executive club. Access to the club is priceless because it gives u hit breakfast,  afternoon tea and night snack,  Which includes an open bar. I saved so much money on food that way. Staff were very friendly and helpful,  especially Medhi at the front deal and Sarah at the executive club. Great hotel location as there's a bus stop right in front of it (royal crescent station ) Where there's bus heading to Oxford circus station or Camden town. Walking distance to a high end shopping mall - westfield.  With definitely stay in this hotel again if I can get the junior suite room again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,LOVELY STAY!!,"I stayed at this hotel and all the staff was great, food was healthy and with a big variety, rooms really comfortables and clean. Everything was perfect!   Finally, I will give them a 10 because this hotel has all the facilities that you need and it is very safe.  THANK YOU KENSINGTON HILTON HOTEL!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good service but noisy,"Our room was not ready, so we were given access to the executive lounge, for complementary  afternoon tea and drinks before we went out, that was very nice as was next mornings breakfast, the room was ok but at the front and there was a lot of road noise and noise transference from the other rooms. So for £112 we got a lot for our money, especially in London, but without the freebees just OK and no in room wifi, which  at £15 in 2015,  terrible",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I recommend Hilton London Kensington,"Hilton London Kensington is a excellent hotel what situates close to the underground , has very good service in the reception, the room was clean and comfortable . I recommend to stay in the Hilton London Kensington",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location,not up to Hilton standard"," The hotel is in a good location, with a massive shopping complex 5 mins away,local tube and good if your traveling on the M4 corridor. The hotel its self is in need of a bit of TLC ! The main areas of the hotel are fine,not my choice of decor in the bar area, and the furniture retro and uncomfortable. The car park is shabby and couldn't of blamed the wife for scrapping the car as it is very tight and poorly laid out ( fair play to her she didn't ). The rooms are ok for London  size but bathrooms need up dating, the fridge in the room wasn't working. No electric socket near the beds which was a little bug bear. The breakfast was good with a good selection , unfortunately when we got there it was busy, had to wait for a table and was a bit of an assault coarse     to get to and…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton heating,"I didn't book the sauna, but my room was over 30° Got a new room which was on the side of the street. The window did not close exactly, so at 6 am the night was over. I expected more from the rooms of a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Typical London hotel,"Stayed here after attending a sporting event and it's exactly what you'd expect from a hilton hotel, clean and tidy rooms and friendly enough staff, except for the barman who had the cheek to look down his nose at me when I questioned £15 for a double whiskey! Now I know I should expect slightly inflated prices but I could have gone to the supermarket round the corner and bought a bottle for that price so I don't think there's a problem with checking I heard him right. Anyhow like I said, standard London hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business in UK,Excellent stay at this hotel. The shop in the lobby has the nicest proprietor. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Used the train system to get around and the location in regards to Shepard's Bush station is very nice.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor from start to finish,"Me & friend booked this hotel to go and see Les Miserables at the theatre, and have a London treat weekend, however the hotel was really poor. We booked a twin, and I asked twice that it was a twin, and the very rude receptionist just shrugged and said I think so, I also mentioned that I was Hilton Honors member, and could I please add on my card to the booking now, which she refused and said unless I had the card with me as proof, she couldn't help me, which as a Silver member who has stayed in many different Hiltons I simply know to be untrue. We got to the room, and surprise surprise it was a double bed, so off back to reception we went, who told us it was a twin! Eventually it transpired that actually it was a double with a sofa bed, that should be a makeshift twin... They…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exactly what we wanted,"Got exactly what we wanted from this Hotel, reasonable price within a reasonable distance to Notting Hill.  Staff service was excellent, particularly (who appeared to be) the head barman (sorry, can't remember your name!!).  He remembered my name & drinks order every time despite the bar being relatively busy, the little things make a big difference! Room was very good compared to many London flea pits but could do with a lick of paint as it's very dated but it was clean enough.  Breakfast buffet choice was excellent and the quality of the food overall was good without being exceptional.  Only real fripe was the coffee was from machine, and only one was working in a busy service so that was a bit of a pain but not the end of the world.  Car parking isn't overly cheap but what…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice play to stay,"This is a nice hotel to stay, very close to train station. Nice rooms, good location, courteous and polite staff. Few restaurants, basic grocery store, coffee shop are located in the vicinity of the hotel for convenience. Will definitely recommend. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Desperately requires a refurb,"Stayed here for work, for six nights. Checked in fine, but was instantly disappointed with the room. A little pokey for the price, for some reason there was also a made up camp bed in my room. I assumed that if I left it they would put it away after a day or so. They didn't. Also there was rubbish on the floor, which the day after made it onto the coffee, then stayed there for the remainder of my stay. The room decor was tired, as if they built the place in the eighties, then just forgot about it. The bed however, was clean and comfortable. Leisure facilities were passable, with a small gym containing mostly cv equipment.  The star of the show was breakfast, and the only reason that I gave it two stars. Full English as standard with other nice touches, such as fresh bread,…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
2682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"My 'hidden gem"" in London","It's a bit smallish and the rooms are small as well.  But I like it for the quiet location that is still convenient to the Tube.  Many local areas for eating as well.  It's also close in walking distance to many nice attractions.   AC really helped as well as it was a warm September weekend. Stay here if you want someplace quiet, yet not too far out of the way.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Second stay so must be ok!,Great place for girls weekend away - it's Shepherd's Bush not Kensington! Room small for a 'deluxe' - bit noisy at front of hotel - would go to back next time. Breakfast great.  Location fantastic - few mins from Shepherds Bush tube and Westfield Shopping Centre which is fantastic and so much better than the one at Stratford. Bus (94) from right across the road takes you straight to Oxford Street.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing, will visit again",We have stayed in many Hilton hotels but this is by far the best. From the friendly staff on reception to the clean comfortable rooms the whole hotel is spotless and comfortable. The staff are always happy to help and the food in the restaurant is fantastic. Would recommend to anyone. My husband and I were on a trip away and staying here made our trip.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,poor handling of crowd when fire alarm went off,"I've always stayed here when I need to come to London for meetings. the hotel had been OKAY but not great. and the way they handled today's false fire alarm is the final straw, I'm never coming back.   alarm was set off at about 420 in the morning. and after about half an hour, guests were ushered into the hotel and we were just told ""oh sorry false alarm"". the person in charge even said, ""if you'll like to go back to your rooms and sleep now, BE MY GUEST"" really? you just woke people from their sleep from a false alarm and now you have to make a comment like that? and as we were queueing to take the lift back up. one hotel staff reported to the same guy that there are people trying to use the fire escape stairs to go back to their room and he just said, ""let them try all they…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
2686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay At Hilton London Kensington,"I was very happy with my recent stay here.  I had a  very nice Hilton room.  Also the Executive Lounge was fairly large, with a good selection of snacks during cocktail hour.   At first glance this hotel seems to be a bit remote, being away from central London in a mostly residential area.  However about a half mile away (walkable) there are both the Shepard's Bush Underground station, plus a gigantic mall featuring both upscale shopping, plus every variety of restaurants.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel! Definitely stay there again!,Stayed there twice on a tour of England last year. They have the best concierge I have ever come across! He knew EVERYTHING we needed to know without having to look it up! They have a great buffet breakfast. And really clean rooms. Only problems we had was when we came back from our tour and stayed a few extra days. They had given my 15 year old son and I a queen sized bed instead of twin beds and were a bit snaky about changing them.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Stayed for two nights from 13th March for my Birthday. Travelled with my Husband and without our 4 Children.  We had a nice quiet room at the back of the property.  The positives were the price it was excellent value, the staff were friendly and the breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice.  Shepherd's Bush underground station is just around the corner and makes travel very convenient. The negatives were, as normal not enough coffee and milk in the room, we had to ask for more as we also had to with bathroom products which the staff were happy to supply  the reception on the Tv was terrible but the worst thing was the squeaky bed, it was very comfortable, and  kept us in fits of. giggles every time one of us moved. We are expecting to see a review complaining about  noisey…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Definetly not a 4 star hotel,"The location of this hotel is great.  Super close to Westfield (a 5 minute walk) and Holland Park/ Notting Hill (10 - 15 minute walk) and the staff were very pleasant. The stylish lobby had me believing that it was indeed a 4 star hotel but I was wrong......  Our room on the 7th floor was tidy but not clean as there were cobwebs over the heating vents and the windows. The TV was unwatchable and had a large unsightly wire hanging down beneath it. It was quite cold in the room so we turned the heating on which sputtered out nothing but cold air no matter how much we fiddled with it. After speaking to reception and requesting an engineer at 9pm, to fix the TV and heating, no one came and we went to bed wearing jumpers and socks whilst trying to watching a blurry TV - Nice way to…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
2690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business stay,"Great hotel service and amenities.  All staff helpful and friendly.  They must get a lot of one off stays, but they still made a great effort. Free Wi-Fi in room not available only downside, which could be a big one for many.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, would stay again.","Stayed here on the 5th March, lovely clean hotel, good position in London near shopping centre and tube station, delicious breakfast and helpful staff. Rooms were nicely laid out, couldn't ask for anymore!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great London Hilton outlet,"Excellent service, great staff. Location not too central but proximity of bus and tube stations make up greatly for this. Room furniture and furnishings of Hilton standards. Executive lounge is open till 10 pm and well stocked. A great experience",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service at check in and great room.,"Just stayed at this hotel and refreshingly no queues to book in or out and the staff at the desk were spot on- friendly faces, smiles and helpful. Generous upgrade to an executive room which was an excellent size and layout in the main room (albeit bathroom was small)",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel,Had a great time at this hotel. We were in a suite and it was an experience . I would go again even if i did not have a suite as the experience was amazing.  We were in the executive lounge which was smaller but it was more intimate. it was a pleasurable experience . i felt like superstar. Apart from one of the staff at the front desk who was a but surprised that black people were statyng the hotel in that suite apart from that ignorant attitude. I had a great time.  i would go again,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff. Tired hotel,"The staff in this hotel are some of the friendliest and most welcoming I have ever met - from reception to housekeeping to the restaurant - all of the staff were extremely helpful and all had a smile. 10 out of 10 for the staff.   The hotel itself is in a good location, but the rooms are somewhat tired. It looks semi-renovated, but not fully. For example, under the sink in the bathroom there was no panelling so I could see copper and plastic pipes, which was not very appealing. The ceiling had old white squared panels that looked quite grubby. The bathroom door had a bit of a shoddy paint job, and it was a bit streaky and there was a draft coming in from the window in the bedroom. I would give the standard of the decor of the hotel a 2 out of 5... but since the staff were so…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Basic Hotel,"This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel and not much has changed. Pleasant staff, clean rooms and the usual Hilton facilities. We had to stay here to be close to a concert venue, but be careful if you are trekking into central london as cab fares can mount up (not a hilton problem I know)",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great second stay,"Stayed here recently for the second time. Yet again it didnt disappoint. The room was a decent size and very clean, with a very comfortable bed. Great location, and easy underground links. Staff very attentive and high level of customer service. Had breakfast included in our stay, and it lived up to our previous visit. Great selection of food available, and good quality.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,"Nice hotel with very helpful staff. Quality of rooms is good and hotel is in a nice location close to shopping malls and train stations. I recommend this hotel to individuals, friends, couples, families and business men and women",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Kensington Hilton,"Hilton as always - excellent consistency and very comfortable. Both welcoming staff and check out really friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I especially liked the local knowledge of the check out staff member, she knew what was going on in the area and was well versed in local football team's endeavours.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Customer Service,"Stayed here for three nights on the Executive Level, the room was spotless and the Executive Lounge was large and was fully stocked during its hours.  The people working in this hotel were all courteous and polite all the time.  I look forward in staying here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay again,"Hello, I have revisited this hotel for the fourth time. The location is excellent on the lovely Holland Park avenue. I simply love this part of London. Westfield Mall is within few minutes walk, and the hotel is conveniently located to reach central London via the tube Central line. Rooms are ok,  some refurbishments needed, but still they are comfortable. Reception and concierge services are good. A big disappointment this time was the ""Chinese buffet dinner"" on Thursday night (feb 19th). The food was under any standard, not to mention very limited choice of dishes.  On a positive note, breakfast was rather nice and rich, we have enjoyed it every morning.  In conclusion, we'll definitely go back there when in London, we feel at home (but we'll probably avoid having dinner there…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton standard,"Hotel is fine, but poor by Hilton standards. Entrance tatty and room finishes variable. Seems like some refurb done, but still much to do. It maybe that Hilton now mainstream rather than something special. Double Tree hotels in London much better.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Satisfactory.......but.,"A Satisfactory 2 night stay but, despite asking for a quiet room at the time of booking, had to request a change of executive suite due to the prolonged, incessant and loud barking of a dog in the room immediately opposite. Obviously the owners of the animal were not present and at what time in the evening they were going to return was anyones guess. Thus a room change was necessary. The reception staff were very understanding and relocated my wife and I to another suite of the same type on a different floor. I think the hotel group should have a rethink on their pet friendly policy as in this instance the pet was non too friendly. In any case, in view of hygiene and allergy issues I presume there are people out there who do not wish to be accomodated in rooms which have…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Holliday,"Having stayed in Hiltons all over Scotland and England this by far is the worst place I've ever stayed in. Room was very dated, it was on the front so main road just outside, was next to stairs and a housekeeping cupboard so was woken early every morning with them banging about getting everything out onto trolley's. WI-Fi worked sometimes, shower unit all rusty, lampshades all stained, no slippers or robes in rooms, no complimentry still water only sparkling so had to pay for still, mini bar poorly stocked, 2 days no milk, tea or coffee, 2 late afternoons after out all day by 4pm room still not serviced,breakfast prices are off the scale and so not worth it, whole appearance of hotel is in need of some serious TLC. After talking to reception staff of whom we aired our complaints…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
2705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very good hotel but very expensive,"I had a very good stay at this Hilton for the weekend, I booked direct with Hilton so I got free wifi. I could check in early and had a room of good size, on the front side overlooking Holland park ave, traffic was no issue. room was clean and big enough bed was very good good coffee/ tea maker with enough teas and sugar etc. Bathroom was also fine water was nicely hot. The breakfast was not too busy and very good, special the porridge. Staff was friendly and helpful. Located near Westfield and W 12 malls,  few minutes walk from underground. I will stay here again while in London",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Typical large chain hotel,"The Hilton Kensington is actually a hundred yards from Shepherds Bush tube station on  very busy road. Its a typical large chain hotel but is pretty old fashioned and in need of some refurbishment - my room overlooked a flat roof which was covered in rubbish, old bottles etc. The rooms are small but clean and quiet with decent beds. The hotel doesn't have any atmosphere - its purely functional. The bar is ok but drinks are expensive and again, it doesn't have any atmosphere. The staff are very friendly and the self service breakfast was ok. I would only recommend it if you need to stay in this part of London.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Be careful when you book!,"The location if this hotel is good. The also offer family rooms that are nice. But in general the have worn down rooms with tiny space. They do not offer free wifi - do not book if you need to work!!! When you book make sure that you define what room you expect to get, refer to pictures on the Internet booking sites. It's an expensive hotel but they have campaigns on booking sites, look for that. You can get a good deal for a family room.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 night break at the Hilton Kensington,"Overall a great stay at this hotel. We booked a family room and when we got there we were told that we had a suite as they do not do family rooms. Included when booking a suite you get free breakfast, afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks and snacks which I thought was a great touch. The only downside to the stay was that we were put in the first room next to the lifts and were kept awake by noisy guests but this is not the hotels fault.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Looking rather tired,"Stayed two nights in adjoining rooms (double and twin). Double room smelled of smoke despite being on a non-smoking floor and the decor was shabby. Two lights did not work and the base of the bathroom door was rotting. The shower curtain had seen better days and the whole room really was tired and in need of a refurb. Breakfast was good. Whole hotel, which I stayed in about six years ago, is in need of investment and is certainly not amongst the best Hiltons in the family",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive Room with Hilton Honors is great!  Good access to Rail,"The Hilton is located close to both the Shepherd's Bush Tube and Rail station.  As I was traveling on the National Rail for business almost every day, this was a great location.  There is also a movie theater, shopping, and ""The Launderette"" nearby.    The amenities for Gold Hilton Honors status were nice and included free Internet access.  When booking the hotel, I requested an Executive Room upgrade for an additional fee and was granted that at check-in.  The staff in the Executive Lounge were very nice and friendly.  The Concierge Staff were also great and very helpful.  I was also able to extend my stay for another day.  The only downside was that the coffee was terrible.  In both the restaurant and the Executive Lounge it was from a machine.  The machine in the Executive…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointing, very poor quality and not in line with Hilton standards","Maybe its because I do most of my travelling in Asia and the standards are comparatively higher for your money, but my expectations were certainly not met on this stay.  Firstly, it is an utter rip-off. Everyone knows London is expensive, but when you book a hotel these days you would expect wifi to be free - I cant remember the last time it wasn't. Even if its not free, you would certainly not expect to pay £15 for 24 hours of slow, intermittent internet. At Hilton this is the case. £15 a day just to get online! I pay a little more than that for a whole months broadband access.  Then there was the room. I've stayed in two star motorway hotels that have been better. Everything was old and out of place. The TV just a tiny 'PC monitor' style screen perched on a shoddy piece of…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
2712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Located in Shepherd's Bush and only a 5 minute walk from the Tube Station and Westfield Shopping Centre, this wonderfully located hotel is a place that any one would feel comfortable and relaxed in. Free WiFi is also available in the main lobby and use of the gym and sauna. I recently stayed at this hotel for 7 days/nights and found the staff very helpful and accommodating and would recommend you book in for breakfast, plenty of choice and worth every penny (it is self service). The rooms are not luxurious but are ample big enough and cleaned every day. I was very happy with my stay and would be more than happy to recommend any one visiting this part of London to seriously consider staying here. I would like to thank the All the staff for being so friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"This hotel is conveniently located, being accessible from the Central Line. In common with other London hotels it is expensive and my room was small in comparison to standards elsewhere in the UK. Breakfast is good quality, but something of a production line, e.g. coffee was from a self-service machine at the far side of the dining area: the previous morning at the Hilton Belfast a pot of coffee was served at my table.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Niggles spoil this hotel ,"Hotel is in a great location for visiting London - London Underground and Overground station just across the street. Westfield Shopping centre, High Street Kensington and Hammersmith are walkable / short bus ride away.   Rooms are good quality not uber luxurious but does the job, staff are friendly and the executive lounge is a good size and serve a wide range of food & drink.   The downsides here are not having a restaurant anymore at dinner however a bar is available (not my kinda thing when travelling on my own) so opted for room services - menu is a bit limited (for me as a vegetarian) unless you want bread or fast food like items. However it must be said the chef did cook something off menu. I would suggest eating out if you stay here, I think that is what most due as such…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Christmas Present,"My xmas pressie from hubby was a 2 night stay (together with train and show tickets). My student daughter joined me on this trip for a girly weekend.  We met on the train and arrived at Paddington at lunch time. We got a taxi to hotel (£10). Check in was not as smooth as it could have been, we had a voucher from Booking.com for our two night stay but hotels system said there would be 1 guest voucher said 2. Receptionist was confused and disappeared into the back office She reappeared and apologised and said she had to check things out.  we were given our room keys and directed to our room on 2nd floor. Room was as expected with one exception....I thought the room was dark with the exception of task lighting. Our voucher did say we would have robes but they were no where to be…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London trip,"On my recent trip to London i stayed here. The Hotel was ok situated and has services that you eventually need. However it is clear that when looked a little bit closer the hotel has some years on it. Old tv screens, bathroom below par, and plumbing from last century. Great was the closeness to Westfield mall with all great shopping, movie and other to dos.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,reassuringly up to standard,"Stayed 1 night and it was just as you would expect from this chain/quality of hotel. As an Hhonors member  the check in was efficient and friendly. Received the room upgrade requested which is often forgotten at other venues. Smallish but well fitted out room, fresh and good quality furnishings. Quiet room at end of corridor and a good nights sleep. Car parking a bit pricey but this is London I suppose. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Close to Westfield. Small, Well Appointed Rooms","Stayed here for a Saturday night. The hotel itself is on a main road, and very close to Shepard's Bush underground (opposite corner of the roundabout more or less), and there is a bus stop outside the hotel too - Oxford Tube stops here. It is very convenient for Westfield, but it's in Zone 2, and a distance away from the action. Reflected in the price compared to other Hilton's I have stayed at in London.  The outside of the hotel looks a little grim. 1960's concrete! Inside, the rooms are a little small, but feel to have been re-furbed recently. Found the bed comfortable, but my back disagreed the next morning. Go figure.  Booked an exec room, as it was marginally cheaper than a regular room. But I'm Diamond anyways. The exec lounge is on the ground floor. They have afternoon…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,better hotels for less money,"the hotel is more designed for business travellers rather than leisure. the rooms were adequate but not brilliant. The bar was small for the size of hotel, the furniture was designer but not comfortable. The area for eating in the bar was drafty and tiny and the restaurant seemed only to be open for breakfast which was the highlight of our stay. The wifi never worked and although the bed was comfortable it was very creaky everytime you moved. the area was convenient for sight seeing. wouldnt be my first choice to stay when i could afford a trip back to london.",None,2.0
2720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good- if it is what you are after,"I stay here a lot because it works for me but won't work for everyone.  The most recent stay  was typical.  I checked in and the queue was small and moved quickly but the Honors priority doesn't work and I had a trainee (there appears always to be one). Not her fault and reasonably efficient but slightly frustrating. I got what I consider a good room (quiet and looks on to a side street) but make sure you don't get a ""room with a view"" over Royal Crescent as it overlooks a main arterial route busy 20 hours per day.  The room had recent furniture and was clean and works very well as a business room but is not luxurious so not great for holiday visits. The bathroom was clean and had an over tub shower but the taps were tarnished. As a rule they look slightly outdated. wiFi has…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff & lovely hotel.,We stayed here for my mums 50th Birthday & the hotel was lovely. All the staff were so very friendly. They left complimentary champagne as they knew it was a special occasion which I thought was a lovely touch. The hotel is also very handy for getting round and about London. The tubes are literally a walk across the road. Would definitely recommend and we will be back there to do some more shopping on Oxford Street! Thankyou! ,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better Hotels Nearby,"Start off with the main entrance under construction leads to confusion with cab drivers in dropping you off and bellmen no where in sight to help.  It is clear the property needs some major renovating, but starting with the front door is not the first step I would have chosen.  I would start with the rusty shower rod and 30 year old carpets.  The lounge is adequate, but evening canapes are lackluster.  Breakfast is good, however.  Our company recently moved to encouraging travelers to stay at Hilton because of a price concession.  My view is anytime a hotel is offering price concessions there is a reason.  People don't want to stay at your property so you need to entice them with discounts, offers, etc.  Oh, and the price for the slow internet service is atrocious.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fine location - fine service,"Located a stones throw from Shepard's Bush tube station, the Hilton Kensington allows for easy access throughout London. The nearby Westside Mall has all of the UK's top retail stores and chain restaurants as well - even a 5 Guys from the USA! Hotel service is excellent, rooms reasonably sized. Very good breakfast and the bar-bistro, while lacking ambiance, is comfortable, the food o.k. and good service.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OVER THE TOP BAR PRICES,"Good location next to Shepherds Bush mainline and Underground stations. Couple of nice bars close by thank goodness bar prices in hotel were daylight robbery. Hotel nice and clean, staff friendly, room nice, breakfast a great choice.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great stay,"we had a great weekend at the hotel the staff, service, room and food was great. Nothing was too much trouble, which helps when you just need to chill out So THANK YOU to all your staff.  We will be back.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend ,"I was a bit hesitant when I booked this after reading some of the reviews on here. I was very surprised if when entering our room as was given an executive room! The bed was big and so comfy. I asked for a room at the back due to noise levels possibly at the front. Breakfast was lovely and a wide range. Staff were very accommodating and when we left our room to go for a wonder nearby, was shocked to see a bottle of bubbly in our room, as they knew I had booked for a special occasion. Westfields shopping centre is a 5m walk which is a plus as so much to do incl cinemas nearby. Only thing disappointing was the fee for car park as quite high and believe should be free at the weekend for guests at the hotel.  ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Watch Your Step,"I've stayed here with my husband and two children five times since 2009. Very pleasant hotel in a fantastic location that has basic but bright clean rooms. I like the very contemporary decor and the firm beds. The upgrades we received as Hilton Honors members have been very nice. The breakfasts are feast-like affairs you can really load up on before your outings and the Executive Lounge creates a quiet hub where you can work and snack. So what's the down side of this hotel?  The last time we stayed there, my son was badly gauged by a doorstop in the floor of the bathroom that was missing its rubber tip. He's nearsighted and simply didn't see the large metal screw sticking up through the floor after his shower. The injury was significant enough to warrant a trip to the St. Mary's…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 week gone-off stale food left in my room,"I have stayed here a few times because its convenient being located to the shopping centre in Shepards Bush. However there are always issues with this hotel. Hiltons moto 'Let us know and we'll make it right' is a joke at this hotel as they don't really care and when you mention issues on here the manager merely gets defensive and slightly hostile rather than actually making it right?  So this time I opened my fridge and found opened out-of-date milk, pineapple chunks, butter etc. I stayed on 18th Nov and The sell-by-date was 2 weeks earlier (7 Nov) as you can see in the pictures. Milk normally lasts 1 week, so I suspect it had been in the fridge since end of October or the start of Novemeber for 3 whole weeks roting away!   There were also items missing from the fridge which…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
2729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 days in London,The Hilton London Kensington is a good location for a trip to London to see the sights and visit museums The quality of Hotel was overall very good with car parking and with City-sightseeing bus available outside and also regular bus service to West End allowing cheap transport for shows and other visits,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Super location,"Stayed at this hotel for a night. Lovely room, free wifi. You are only a 5 minute walk from the Central Line @ Shepherds Bush. Breakfast was disappointing though, with so many eateries nearby I wouldn't go for the B&B option.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,why I'm only a blue Hilton honours,"Checked in, nice lobby, shame the staff forgot to tell me the code for my Wi-Fi access. I was staying in a business class room 6068 on the night of 31 Jan 2015. The room was freezing and put the air con on but despite it showing the temp of 22 degrees nothing just noise.  the toilet seat was hanging on ...just and the flush took some coaxing. opened a cupboard to find some tablets on the shelf under the telly. on the floor an old room key card.  I have never complained via the web before in this manner as I prefer to do so direct, as we were on express checkout, I enclosed my findings and left comments on my bill ... sadly not any form of contact ... so there we go.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just the job,"Short weekend break for 2 friends, twin room had plenty of space & breakfast was great. Steam room/sauna a real treat. Staff lovely - nothing was too much trouble. Easy access to City and Portobello Rd market. Definitely recommend & will stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An excellent hotel experience!,"When visiting London, which we do several times a year, we always choose to stay at the London Kensington Hilton. The service is outstanding, Rooms are always very clean and comfortable. The atmosphere relaxed, friendly and welcoming. The location is also ideal, close to excellent transport facilities,shopping, restaurants, cafes and bars.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good and reliable hotel,"Good overall.... Room good Location nice İnternet up and down Good bar Close to shopping mall 5 mins to tube Clean Tourist friendly Hilton points Good for price There could be more channals on tv ..……,…………...............................",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,TERRIBLE experience never to be repeated,"My husband and I stayed in this hotel from 18 June 2014. I lost my 0.50 carat (GIA certified) pair of diamond earrings in the room!!! I do believe the cleaner of the room must have picked it up (or whoever else was authorized to enter a guest's room when they are not in the room).  I was taken ill from the first night I was in London and did not realize till after I had left London that I didn't have the ear-rings. I called the manager from overseas many times but he was reluctant to give any urgency to my predicament. The manager the next morning also refused to take my calls as she was too busy. There was no follow up as they mentioned they would, no empathy, no real attempt to help retrieve or resolve the matter.  They kept reiterating that they trusted the integrity of their…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average at Best,"Stayed for one night and had a few gripes with the hotel. First of all, the staff were great and I have nothing but praise for them as you would always hope for in a hotel. On arrival we were allowed to check in earlier than advertised and were very happy with that.  I had a few problems with our room as it wasn't very large, a few of the lights didn't work, limited sockets, terrible air conditioner and a drafty window.  The mini fridge was pointless if you're charging £4 for a bottle of water and the television was pointed away from the bed which would have been a factor if the television actually worked. Plus you would expect better than single ply toilet roll at a Hilton. On the positive side, the bed was comfortable and the room served its purpose. The breakfast in the…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location,Great location for tube and overground services. Easy 15minute walk to Kensington High Street. We stayed two nights and had a very comfortable stay with consistently great service from the hotel staff. Hotel had a quiet and peaceful ambience which is just what we needed to escape busy London.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous location, fabulous service.","My husband, adult daughter and I returned to this hotel in December having stayed there on a number of occasions before. It's been two years since we last stayed so we were very impressed that several of the staff remembered us. The service continues to be excellent and the staff friendly.  Located near Shepherds Bush tube and the overground to Clapham Junction means that travel to almost anywhere is easy. Westfield Shopping Centre and restaurants just a couple of minutes walk away are an added bonus.  The rooms are pleasant and comfortable but could possibly require redecoration in the not too distant future. I highly recommend this London hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Substandard,"I had a single room that was really small. Corners of doors and walls were chipped and ragged: with luggage there is not enough room to move without bumping. Bathroom was small too. Shower sprayed in many irrelevant directions. Shower drained badly, I had to shower quickly as to avoid flooding. Left a note about it but next day problem was not solved. Only in the lobby there was (cumbersome) wifi available. So  no wifi in the room, internet in your room costs more than 15 pound per day extra, really weird in this internet age. The tv worked via a complicated menu system and was awfull quality. I did not bother to complain: if a hotel does not see this kind of flaws itself a complaint won't help I fear. On the pro side: good bed and fresh air.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exquisite from start to finish,"My girlfriend and I stayed her in December and it was truly a memorable experience. My girlfriend (Brazilian) had never been to London before and I wanted it to be special -  they certainly ensured that. The concierge had no problem minding our bags as we arrived hours before check-in, allowing us to start exploring London. The room was perfect. Very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. It wasn't noisy to sleep either. Breakfast in the executive lounge was a nice touch every morning and the drinks in the afternoon were also a great break from the shopping and sight seeing. The Shepherd's Bush tube stop is 2 minutes walk away and is adjacent to the fabulous Westfield Shopping Centre. I will be back again.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent rooms, poor service!!!","Staff was grumpy for the most part. There was one server in the lounge who did remember my drink each night after a few nights but for the most part i thought the service was not up to par for a hilton. Trying to get help to call a bank was impossible. The laundry was due at 7pm and if you arent at the hotel before then, they are gone and you have to wait until morning. Even though they said they would make a note to have housekeeping call in the morning to deliver laundry they did not and i had to call again. The rooms were comfortable. I would not stay here again. ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Leafy location! Location! Location!,"We booked a Saturday night in order to do a spot of Christmas shopping. The leafy, quiet location (for London!) was perfect after a day shopping and lunching. We walked to Granger's in Notting Hill for lunch before mooching around Portabello Market. It's a lovely part of London and so easy to get on the tube to the city. As a gold card holder we were upgraded to a room with access to the executive lounge. I love the Hilton for the perks they give to their members. Thank you. The room was clean and comfy, as you would expect from the Hilton brand. We will certainly be back.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Grubby and rather disappointing,"I stayed for 2 nights in December 2014. Having first stayed in the hotel in October 2010 I found that the standard of the hotel had deteriorated significantly. The bathroom was quite grubby. There was some rubbish behind the toilet on checking in. Although one of the towels appeared clean, it was stained. For my entire stay there was a Hoover in the corridor. It's a shame that it wasn't put to good use. I was generally disappointed with my stay and decided not to take breakfast on either mornings because of the lack of cleanliness. Overall while the hotel is in a good location, the rates are too high for its current standard. Also the cost of wifi in the room is ridiculously high especially when this is most often included in the room rate. I wouldn't recommend this hotel in its…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Service, Great Breakfast","Close to the tube, night bus and the Westfield Mall in a Very pleasant neighborhood.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  On the less positive side: Rooms are a bit small and those on the lower floors, facing the street, tend to be noisy after 8am.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in great location,"Comfortable rooms, friendly and helpful staff and a great location with buses and taxis outside the door, and Holland Park or Shepherds Bush tube within 5 mins walk.  The Deluxe rooms are particularly nice with nice furnishings, although the basic rooms are also good value.  Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean and friendly, but in serious need of maintenance and repair","First the pro side: Given the high hotel rates in London, the room rates are reasonable. The staff was exceedingly friendly, and the rooms and public areas were clean. The location is good - the proximity of the Underground, bus routes and the shopping centre are very convenient. During my stay, the hotel was jammed to the rafters with group tours, and the staff coped reasonably well with the crowds (pity I can't say the same for the lifts...). The executive lounge was quiet and generally well stocked.   But oh, the con side. Maintenance is a big issue for this hotel - and a safety liability. My room had a big crack in the ceiling - during the night, a large chunk of plaster broke free and slammed onto my bed - lucky for me, missing my head. Beyond my own lucky escape, I noticed…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The only positive is the location!,"Firstly, I will start with the positives.  The location of this hotel is fabulous and was the main reason for choosing it.  Easy access to all that London has to offer and perfect for shopaholics with Westfield Mall on the door step.    The rooms are comfortable but a little dated.  The bathroom whilst functional could do with updating.  The in room flat screen tv was one of the largest I've ever seen in a hotel room.  The £15 wifi fee is steep, especially when many hotels include this in their rate.    The real downfall, however, was the breakfast buffet. When we came down to breakfast at 0920 on Sunday for our breakfast we were met by a queue of around 30 people waiting to be seated.  We waited in this queue for 35 minutes.  The whole system was atrocious, by the time we were…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,We stayed at this hotel for a long weekend. Staff are so friendly and i can not fault this hotel at all. We decided to eat at the hotel as we were so tired.the food was well priced and lovely.we enjoyed it so much we ate there every night.bedroom was clean and warm. No complaints. Breakfast was out of this world. I just wish we could of stayed longer. A short walk to notting hill and a short bus ride to london.the hop on hop off bus also stops right outside the hotel.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The staff are excellent the rooms need some attention,"The staff cant do enough for you and the location is very handy for getting around London. Unfortunately the rooms do let the hotel down, ours was very tired and came complete with a strange damp smell. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location but...,"Stayed here 17-19 January 2015. The hotel is ideally situated being only 5 minutes from Gloucester Road tube and 10 minutes from museums. Also on the doorstep are Waitrose and lots of cafes and restaurants.  The hotel is huge, the staff were very welcoming and efficient.  Our room however was a bit disappointing. It was on the second floor at the end of a rather cold corridor. It was clean but cold. We put the air con on hot but it took a long time to warm up. We went out and returned at 9.00pm. As the weather was cold this weekend, the room was also very cold. We put the aircon on and again it  took a long time to get slightly warm. It was also quite noisy.  The bed was a kingsize bed, mattress and pillows comfortable but the bedding was awful. No sheet, just a very thin duvet,…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,2 of us stayed in an executive room.  Good location: Approx. 7 min walk to shepherds bush underground stop which takes you into to oxford circus. Many buses passing outside hotel door also.  Room: Clean. Hairdryer provided good!  Executive lounge: Nice quite space. Good for breakfast especially at weekend when main breakfast area had large queue. Nice selection of sandwiches and cakes at afternoon tea.  Staff: helpful,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exellent two night stay,Stayed at this hotel for two nights 16.1.2015 to 18.1 2015.Hotel was clean friendly staff and good breakfast.Room on 5th floor was exellent with comfy beds and bright bathroom.Room overlooked the main road but little traffic noise.Shepperds bush underground 3 minute walk Westfield shpping centre 8 minute walk where you will find a large number of dinning options from around the world.They close at 11pm.Easy access to the city centre.Area is safe and nice Would recommend this hotel and would stay again.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good,"We stayed here 16th to 18th January 2015 and did see some unfavourable reviews on here so were a little apprehensive, but thankfully, we found it a very pleasant hotel, it's by no means ""posh"" but it was very clean and staff were friendly.  It does require some redecoration as some of the wallpaper along the corridors was a little warn not dirty but warn and torn in places.  Our room was fabulous with a Queen size bed which was clean and comfortable.  The breakfast was one of the best we've had in a hotel and we've stayed in many places, our only niggle was the queing roughly 10 to 15 minutes to check in to the resaurant then another wait to be seated not sure what that was all about but there were huge queues.  We had a bar meal at the hotel which was really very nice and not…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Has Pros and Cons,"Pros: Good service in general. The rooms are nice and well maintained. Location location location! Nearby a mall and tube central line station, a 35-45 minutes to city center! Nice area.  Cons: Very pricy, at 135 pounds for a small basic room, about $200. Charged for everything: 15 pounds a night, well over $20, for wifi in room, although the lobby has free wifi. Charged for almost everything extra. And as it is a Hilton, there is nothing particularly special.  Come for the location, avoid for the cost. London is a beautiful city!",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Fabulous,"The Best Hotel so far i have ever stayed in my life !  Very Clean Hotel very Spacious Showers king size beds everything was absolutely great i am very glad i choose to stay at Hilton !  Also we managed to get a really cheap price from airlineticketsnow.com so this made our stay even better,the cheaper the better !  I Recommend this hotel for your stay at London with closed eyes",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"Very friendly staff, rooms a bit small but lounge and other facilities very good. Gym a bit small and treadmills not great but servicable. Similar to Hilton Metropole but much better prices. Nice place and I'll certainly stay again.q",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Visit,"Stopped here to visit our daughter in Notting Hill, All Staff, very friendly and professional, Very impressive entrance lobby   Room was excellent and very clean. Breakfast was superb massive choice and again all the staff helpful and service was good. I would defiantly stop there again.   ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay again.,"They screwed up the room bookings we had, two people in one room, one in the other, and they put two breakfast on the one person room and one on the two person room, after a five night stay and going to reception each day to have them fix this and the hold up each day to go into the buffet it still didn't get fixed. Then low and behold come bill time they had charged for extra breakfasts. Idiots. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Simply wonderful that the hotel is just a stone's throw away from Shepherd's Bush station on the Central Line and also conveniently located near the massive Westfield Mall ! Literally 'shop till you drop and eat till you pop'. The breakfast spread was wide, varied and generous !",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, Poor Rooms","We visited Kensington Hilton recently, booking an Executive Room. We got there at roughly 21:00 after a day's work and a four hour train journey, so we're naturally tired. We got to the hotel (Roughly £11 fare taxi from Paddington) where we were greeted by staff. We headed to our room only to find we couldn't fit our pram in there and instead of a cot we were given a bed. These rooms are minuscule. We headed back to reception where the receptionist struggled with English but none the less tried her best. We were passed on to Lukaz the shift manager who immediately stored our pram in Concierge, changed the bed for a cot and also upgraded us to a suite on the second night for our inconvenience. He was very helpful. However, the furniture and decoration of both rooms were very poor…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but could be better,"Overall, we enjoyed our stay, but there were a couple items that lowers our rating.  First is the bathrooms -- kind of dark (the lights don't reflect off the mirror well, so hard to see what you are doing when getting ready in morning) and the tub was poor shape.   There's a large height difference between the floor of the bathroom and the bottom of the tub, so very awkward stepping into the tub (and over a high tub side as well).   At 6'3"", my head would just hit the ceiling, so had to duck a bit in shower -- won't be good for anyone taller.     Was also disappointed in maid service -- they have sign out that they won't wash towels hung back up every day, yet they did anyway and 4 out of 6 days we didn't get right number of towels (two days short a full set, one day no bath…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value for Money,"On the pro side, very good value for money. We had a junior suite and it was plenty large for the three of us.  I also thought the executive lounge and breakfast were quite nice.  We also landed very early, and had no issues getting into the room at 0900, which was welcome after an overnight long-haul flight into London.  Coffee/Tea set-up, which was great, and check-in/check-out was a cinch  On the con side, the bed was a bit worn and 'squeaked' whenever one of us moved. Probably just this room.  It was slightly noisy as we were close to the elevator as well, and i think the sound-proofing might be a bit aged.  Finally, it's 'outside' of central London, but I really like this neighborhood. It's a nice walk to Hyde Park and there is a Tube stop close by as well. Kensington,…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs renovation but comfortable,"The building is a bit aged, but of course well kept. The bedroom was spacious and the bed was very comfortable even if not big. The bathroom needs renovation, but everything was clean.  We had booked it with an internet offer and for sure we had one of the basic rooms. Breakfast was not included and definitely expensive. There is no free wifi in the room, but there is in the hall.  The hotel is in zone 2 and not very close to the centre, but you can easily get there with the Central Line tube (Shepherd's bush). You can easily walk to Notting Hill and Portobello. Staff is very helpful.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant overnight stay,"Just a single Saturday night stay between Xmas & New Year when taking in a show in London. Couldn't fault it, spotlessly clean and comfortable room, plenty of complimentary tea/coffee/biscuits in room. To my wife's delight an iron and ironing board in the room. Only criticism was the lighting in room could have been a bit brighter. Reception bar area pleasant enough, typical of city centre business/tourist type hotel. Booked 2 rooms which came next to each other. Not ready when we arrived - which was about 45 minutes before check in time so no problem there - a quick drink in the bar and they were ready.  Drinks prices in the bar a bit steep but I doubt excessive for London hotel prices. Breakfast (included in price) buffet style. Can honestly say best quality English cooked…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great location, fantastic staff but feeling a little tired.","We have been staying in the Hilton Kensington for the past six or seven years, primarily due to the location and the quality and attentiveness of the staff. On our latest visit we noticed that the hotel feels a little tired. We are not sure if it is because we have stayed there almost exclusively on our visits to London and we are too used to the hotel or that the hotel is overdue for a refurbishment. The saving grace is the attentiveness of the staff - they are a credit to the hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Hotel,"This hotel is terrible.  The condition of the entire building is poor.  The management staff is rude and arrogant.  One of the parents in our group had a portion of here ceiling fall in on her at 5:30am.  Another had water leaking near the ice machine to the point of making the carpet sopping wet and it was not fixed even by the end of the week.  The rooms are extremely small, the paint is peeling, multiple light bulbs in the room were out, and the room smelled of mildew and mold.  They only replaced toilet paper when you were out and never replaced the box of tissue.  I have stayed in Motel 6 that were better than this place.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
2767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Excellent stay - all the staff very helpful and although our rooms were at the front of the buildings we had no problem with noise. We requested interconnecting rooms, which I was worried would be a problem as we booked late, but this was all organised on arrival with no prompting.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay decent prices,nice hotel in a good location....clean rooms the usual from the Hilton Above average business hotel.........good prices and good food too......usually book into a cheaper hotel on business but this was wort the extra,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean and convenient location,"This hotel was in a great location, close to the underground (just across a roundabout from the Shepard's Bush station). The room was small, but not cramped, and it was very clean. It holds up with what you would expect from the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beware the parking costs!,Positives: - helpful staff - good location - good gym Negatives: - expedia booking not on their system - but was dealt with - room not very clean - run down - room very small - EXTORTIONATE PARKING COSTS!,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"clean,quiet and welcoming","Stayed here as visiting Olympia and also for the usual London lookaround. Close to the tube so getting around no problem and 3min overground train ride to Olympia.Found the hotel to be clean, modern and the deluxe room we stayed in was clean and tidy. Only pitfall was the over zealous room cleaner knocking on the door at 0830hrs!!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,The Presidential suite was very nice it had plenty off space I would book this again however I thought the location off the Presidential suite in the hotel was a bit far from the lift to the room but the overall experience was good,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,survey,"Dirty unmaintained bathroom, the bottom of the door is practically disintegrating, the bath is stained and worn  and no shower cap inside packet, poor reception procedure, unhelpful reception staff, wrong booking details after having apparently sorted problem online weeks ago, staff member insisted we walk entire length of reception baggage and all to her station to book out after waiting for a considerable time at the station closest to the exit, complicated air conditioning unit with no instructions, couldn't work it out so opened window to let some cool air in, no complimentary water, as found in even the lowliest hotels.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It does the job - it's London after all,"Ah, what can one say. I hate to be negative. So let's start with the positive stuff.  Location - good. Just 5 minutes from Shepherd's Bush train/Underground station. We were one stop from Olympia which was perfect for us.  Room - neat and tidy.  Beds - comfortable.  Staff - helpful, no problem there.  Breakfast - a buffet, tasty and lots on offer - more on this later.  So why the ""Adequate"" rating? Why did I feel like I had woken up in Blade Runner?  Oh Linda, if you read this please forgive me. I know you work hard.... however....  When we arrived at the hotel, we asked if we could have an upgrade to an Executive Room. I was somewhat surprised to be told that we HAD an executive room. Maybe I got this wrong. I don't know. But if that was an EXECUTIVE room, I would dread to be…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay ,A lovely hotel with good access to both the Westfield shopping centre and a short walk to the tourist attractions. The staff are friendly and helpful and you can't forget the 1st class buffet breakfast. Hope to return next year,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night stay pre Christmas,"We regulary visit London to attend the London Horse Show held at Olympia just before Christmas ,I found a very good rate for one double room so booked here rather than the Olympia Hilton.Taxis are outside all the time so it was easy to drive to Olympia for the first class .Breakfast started at 6am which was a big plus so there was adequate time to enjoy it before we left.Good breakfast with a large choice of food On the day of arrival.It was a short trip to get to Picadilly circus & see the lights in Regent & Oxford Street, we also walked down to Trafalgar Square to see the Christmas Tree.Be warned there are no toilets on the New Bond Street tube station as one would not expect!!  The hotel was exceptionally clean & the staff pleasant & helpful  Big comfortable bed . I would…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could be better,"We stayed at this hotel in December 2014  and on first impressions we were very impressed. We were met et the door and our luggage was taken by the Concierge staff, check in was friendly professional efficient and informative. We had booked an executive room to which we and our luggage were escorted to. This is were the disappointment began! We walked down a corridor to out room. The corridor  carpet looked as though it needed cleaning, as did other places in the Hotel  and there was a very musty smell, The carpet also had rucks and tucks in it and was a potential trip hazard. Next we opened the door to the 'executive room', which   was no more than a standard hotel room. Whilst it was clean and the furnishings were OK the window overlooked a jutting out wall with drainpipes…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"had a great stay, for my daughter birthday and xmas shopping. very close to tube (shepherds bush) and westfields shopping centre, both only 4 mins walk away. number 94 bus take you into the heart of london to.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Concierge,"I continue return to this hotel while staying or passing through London because of the awesome staff that they have on the Concierge nothing is too much trouble wether it is booking theater tickets or mapping my way around London.They are the most helpful, courteous and fun Concierge in London and it  is a joy to cross their  path as soon as I pass over  the front door step of the Hilton Kensington, London.   Thank you Rachid and all your colleges !",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for the Empire,"The Kensington is very handy for if you are going to the Shepherds Bush Empire or the huge shopping centre. The hotel is clean, staff very polite and booking in was smooth. The room I had was small but adequate as I was only staying the one night. The buffet breakfast was very good with lots of choice. If it is busy and you order something special there can be a wait. An egg white omelette took around 15 minutes for someone sat near me. The tea and coffee is self service but at least it is boiling water for the tea and not warm from a flask as some hiltons are now tending to do. I have stayed there several times and never had any major issues that haven't been rectified to my satisfaction. It can be a bit expensive for the standard but this is probably due to the locatiin rather…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Suitably impressed,"Ok, so a little way out from central London, but it's in Zone 2 and realistically only 20 minutes from London Town. Two tube station within 5 minutes walk of the hotel make it easily accessible (Shepherds Bush is slightly closer than Holland Park station). Nice hotel, friendly staff just one word of warning; do not stay in a room near to the lifts. They make a huge amount of noise throughout the night and will inevitably keep you awake. Stress this upon check in.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor level of service for the Hilton Brand,The room was poor and the cleanliness was below standard. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. I was charged £12.60 for two small bottles of water which should have been complementary. Staff did not acknowledge my concerns.,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel just outside Central London,"Ok, so it's a bit of a ride on the central line, then a walk to the hotel, however once you get there the check in is quick, they actually have staff on the front desk, other Hiltons take note!  The room was nice, I didn't eat in the hotel apart from breakfast which I took in the exec lounge, overall a nice stay, this hotel can be quite reasonably priced, for London that is.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible experience,"It was a terrible experience, service was almost zero. There were multiple problems in the room, I had to change a couple of times. Cleanliness was OK but the bed was horrible and unacceptable for a 4-star hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location and service, small rooms and limited breakfast","Good location, less than a 5 min. walk from Westfield mall and Shepherd's Bush tube and bus stations. Approx. an hour away from Heathrow airport and 20 min. away from Oxford street by bus or tube. You have the advantage of being relatively close to the action while away from the crowd and cheaper rates.  Rooms are quiet small but clean and maintained. Book higher floors, facing the street for a better view and a slightly bigger room. Breakfast is very limited but that's normal in London. There is a small gym, sauna and steam room. Internet is reliable and fast but requires logging in every time.   There is a dry clean (much cheaper than hotel) and a barber right across the street. You have several options for dining in the mall, which also has a large supermarket. Several bus…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,BAD STAFF SERVICE AND ATTITUDE,"this happens just 20mins ago. I called the concierge for a hairdryer and the man behind the phone asked me to check the drawers and cupboard. I did and told him I could not find. He said he will bring it to me.  When he came to pass me the hair dryer, (he was a tall chinese man), he came in to check my drawers and cupboard. He found a hair dryer above the cupboard which is very high up and I must have missed it, but it's eye level for his very tall height. He immediately turned to me, glared at me and scolded me saying why didn't I check properly. I kept apologising and said I did check but I must have missed it as it's too high up for me to see it.   He continued to insult me, and was being sarcastic to me, saying some stuffs which I am very affected and upset now.  I decided…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Great Staff!,"We have stayed at this Hilton hotel many, many times over the last 8 years as it is close to where our son and family live. First impressions are of a rather grim concrete 60's building but don't be put off. Inside is bright and welcoming. Location is excellent - easy to get to from Victoria station - the 148 bus, and buses opposite go to Piccadilly Circus and the West End. Plus open top tourist buses start opposite the hotel. The hotel is close to Shepherd's bush underground and buses and 5 mins walk to the magnificent Westfield shopping centre. And the beautiful Holland Park is a short walk away surrounded by the lovely houses and streets of Holland Park. Portobello market is also close by. We always stay in a room facing Holland Park Avenue - can be a little noisy but we like…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A little disappointed,The Double bed room was very smal as you could barely move . No bath in the shower room either. The Room was noisy as it faced the main road. Check in was very slow. Good location but lacked atmosphere.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location but in Zone 2,"Quite new furnishing, very small room but quiet for a good sleep. Bed is good.   Location is few minutes to Westfield big shopping complex as well as Shepherd Bush Tube station. However this is in Zone 2. Bus stop directly across the road is avail Take bus 94 to Oxford at 1.45 pound",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another lovely stay,We seem to always stay at the Hilton Kensington when in London now. This time we upgraded to room which allowed executive lounge access. Well worth it! Afternoon tea. 6 to 7pm drinks and canapés and full breakfast in the morning. Great location a short walk from Westfield and shepherds bush tube station on the Central line. Highly recommended.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for a weekend in london,"Stayed in an executive twin room 2 weeks before Christmas. Ideal base for shopping/sightseeing with 2 tube stations close and some lovely little restaurants close by in Holland Park. Having an executive room allows you access to the executive lounge where there are refreshments all day, breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening drinks and canapés. The room itself is nicely decorated and comfortable, with extra touches like bottled water, toiletries, robes and slippers.  The staff were lovely and helpful. We arrived 2 hours before check-in but they checked and as our room was ready allowed us to check in early with no extra charge. Will definately stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice for Hearing Impaired Customers,"On my recent business trip I stayed at this hotel for one night.  Before my arrival, I received a personal welcome email with a request to let them know of anything special that I might need for my stay.  It was a decent value for the money and I was pleasantly surprised at the extent of the breakfast buffet.  I had a room with a double bed and it was reasonably comfortable.  In addition, as I am hearing impaired, I requested a special alarm/fire alarm clock to use during my stay.  Not only does the hotel offer this as an item on their website but the front desk personnel knew exactly what I needed and provided it promptly after check in.  The clock was easy to use and worked very well.    We ate in the lounge/bar area and my burger was average, but edible and filling.  Service…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Stayed at Hilton London Kensington for 3 nights. Clean and cozy lobby (especially around christmas), helpful staff, excellent service in the hotel bar (24h food serving). Very convenient to grab a night snack at the hotel bar (try the pepperoni pizza), and very nice and polite staff both in the lobby and the bar. The room was great. A bit expensive breakfast, but with Subway and other restaurants nearby, that was no problem. Only a 5 min walk to the closest underground station, Shepherd's Bush. 7 stops away from Oxford street. Will definitely come back.  Free internet in the lobby on computers.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, not worthy of the price!","My boyfriend and I stayed here a few weeks ago, and we were rather indifferent about out experience. The staff were friendly, and we were upgraded as our room keys didn't work initially. However, for the price you pay per night, the room size was nothin special. We have stayed in other hotels for less, with bigger rooms! Having said that, it was clean and well stocked.  The breakfast, a ""buffet"" for £12, was disappointing. There wasn't a great deal on offer, and we had to queue to be seated!  Location is good, close to Shepard's bush tube station, and Westfield shopping centre; around a 5-10 minute walk.  Overall, I wasn't largely impressed by my stay here, and I wouldn't return on my next visit to London. You definitely pay for the name 'Hilton' rather than the experience.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Stayed with partner while in London on business. 10 minute walk from Holland Park tube, restaurants, pub, Tesco on way down. Nice area. Lovely reception area and friendly helpful staff. Bar ara nice, drinks expensive. Breakfast ample, fresh and buffet style. Standard room comfortable but small with double bed and tiny bathroom. Noisy room as windows did little to shut out noise. However, overall highly recommended.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very satisfied,"We stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for five nights and were very satisfied. Room was quite small, but we expected that and more importantly the bed was comfortable and the room very clean. Daily service was good, they didn't skimp just because we were staying, and they managed to work around our big suitcases! I ate the breakfast (my husband bought food to bring in) and was very pleased. Good choice and quite fresh. Fabulous location, east tube access (I would recommend going towards downtown London rather than towards the mall, (the concierge turns you to the mall direction) it is a more pleasant walk and just as close (not battling streetlights and hordes.) Lovely Holland Park nearby, but all of the core of London is just a few tube stops away. Several nice places to…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We had to change rooms 3 times. In the first room the bed was full of hairs and you could see it had not been changed since the previous guest. The woman in the reception was very helpful and sorry and gave us a new room. Unfortunately this room was full of hairs but this time in the bathroom. Again they gave us a new room. This room had a door into another room, and it was so not soundproof between the two rooms. It was noisy and didn't give us much sleep. This was defenitely our first and last stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice property, great location",Loved this property as its right opposite the Westfield mall and the location is amazing. The property was decent and clean rooms. Lifts to the rooms had a problem. But overall a good property to stay in,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel but strange concierges,The Hotel is well located - close to Tube and well connected by Bus.  Breakfasts are decent though the rooms is over crowded.  Concierges we interacted with for our 5 night stay are rather strange behaving quite curtly & rudely with us (Asians).,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great people, comfy beds, good value accommodations at the Hilton Kensington Forum","Happy people work here, and Rosa the housekeeper was lovely and honest.  Location close to Shepherd's Bush mall - restautrants, cinema, great shopping! Fitness center, lobby and lounge all good for business travellers.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Youth club outing,"The BFM took a group of youngsters to London and we got a great deal for B+B for 5 rooms earlier this year.  179-199 Holland Park Avenue, London W11 4UL, England +44-207-603-3355 www.hilton.com  This turned out to be a great place. The staff were so friedly and helpful. The biggest draw with the hotel was that it was right beside the very large, big, lots of things to do shopping centre (Cant give out the name but they are Australian based).  The breakfast again was continental/cooked buffet style and was good.  Ciao for now! The BFM spreads the food love",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
2802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thank you Ian Hamilton on reception,"The hotel is not in Kensington, it is in Shepherds Bush immediately next to Westfield shopping centre, I feel sorry for the foreigners who think they will be in Kensington !  This is a very ordinary Hilton, our last visit 6 months ago we were very dissapointed by the rooms and the staff.  Our visit this Saturday was a lot better, the chap on reception ( Ian Hamilton) was like a breath of fresh air, cheerful and helpful, even remembered my name later in the day.  Our rooms this time were nice modern and clean, we stayed on the 2nd and 3rd floor ( 3 rooms )  The breakfast is not very good, except for the coffee machines, the ' hot ' food was all cold,  people actually trying to heat it up by holding plates under the ' keep food warm ' lamps. There was no bacon left, some did…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,Good location. Rooms average at best. We had trouble with the air conditioning when we arrrived. Seemed to be fixed while there but 2 days later needed to be repaired again.  Location was perfect for access to the tube and far enough away to allow some tranquility,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"A very convenient location that is located between Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush Tube and a short walk to Westfield Mall. If you planning to travel to Oxford Street by bus, #94 stops right in front of the hotel. The Original Tour Hop-on hop-off bus also stops at the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best Value in London,This hotel is a hidden gem in London. It is located in one of the best areas in London if you want to experience real London. I am from the UK and when I come back to London I always stay at this Hotel.The hotel is a few blocks form the Holland Park Tube Station which makes an ideal point to explore London. It also has some great local hang out pubs.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,saved by a mystery employee,"Checked in here at 16.00 and got a frosty reception by the checkin lady.  I am a HH Gold member and have stayed here before. She was training in another lad who I hoped ignored everything she said or did.  No welcome back etc,no mention of the free wifi for GHH members.  Was given room which was as frosty as the reception and was damp.  Sat for five minutes in the cold and debated what to do as I don't usually complain.  Went downstairs and met a different person at reception who changed my room and apologised.  The thing is I can't remember his mane but it had six letters began with N,(I am visually impaired)  No one seems to know who he was but he saved the day.  I got a room with EL access etc where the staff were excellent and very caring. As always first impressions count…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Stay,"Hotel clean, rooms a little on the small side. Our friends asked for an upgrade, but the room size given was no bigger than previous. The staff very helpful breakfast adequate, it seemed chaotic with new guest unsure of the process of self service. Once informed everyone was able to enjoy the array of choices.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dated rooms,"We went for a guys weekend to London 8 of us. It was in an ok location 8 tube stops from most of the tourist areas. Could have been better. Staff polite, friendly and helpful. Breakfast was self service and was ok (a little dear for self service at £13). Me however were so small and very dated. Varnish even half worn off the door frames etc. our room was a good 100yards from the lifts too. Hotel bar staff were friendly and service decent. It was just a very overall medioka experience. I'd certainly look around next time and prob stay elsewhere for better location and room for the money.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fairly average hotel, better available at a comparable cost","+ Points Good location for Westfield Shopping Centre, central London only 15-20 minutes on the tube.  - Points Long check in process due undermanned reception, bar area lacks atmosphere, room was small and unimpressive and areas of the room and bathroom were ready for a revamp.  Express checkout signed for in my room was £0, billed after leaving and have yet to receive a response to my query.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quiet location with great access to public transportation,Overall my 6 night stay at the Hilton London Kensington was good. The room entry was a little bizarre in that it felt cramped like a cruise ship room. The entry hallway was fairly narrow and the bathroom (which was off of the entry hallway) was also pretty cramped. You had to step up into the shower which was narrow and didn't have much head space (as a point of reference I am 5'9' and 135 lbs and I felt cramped in the shower). Once out of the entry hall the room did open up  to a taller (normal height) ceiling making the room less claustrophobic. While the space didn't bother me so much it's worth pointing out for others who may be considering staying there. The service at the bar and at the front desk was great. The location is also good as its located a short walk from the…,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old and tired,"Stayed here for a conference and i have to say the hotel looks and feels old and tired. Staff is not overly friendly , except in the buffet restaurant, and the meeting room smelled very old. This Hotel has room for improvements. Location is good.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington - family and friends trip,"The hotel was clean, beds were very comfortable and the location was OK for underground access - it was better to take the tube to Shepherds Bush rather than Holland Park, you had to cross a busy roundabout but the distance to walk was shorter.  The only disappointment was that the bathroom had no bath, just a shower therefore it is worth checking this out before booking.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rather disappointed,A first stay at a Hilton for us and rather disappointed.   Booked a deluxe room which was surprisingly small and rather tired.  The very odd wheeled beds are also unusually small and slide around ridiculously under lightest of touches.  Room had a temporary ad hoc feel to it as a result.   Our complimentary slippers weren't provided either.  Really feel room was very expensive for what we got.  Reception staff very pleasant.  Likewise bar team.  Probably won't be returning very expensive for an average room,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad restaurant and lounge service,"I have been staying in Hilton hotels across London for the last two years (continuously) and this one is the worst so far.  I actually wonder whether the hotel or chain management monitors quality. Do they eat in their own restaurant and lounge? In the Executive lounge the food is bland and repetitive, 60% of the time there is no food because the service is completely inadequate for the size of the audience. Also, there is not enough service staff to keep the lounge clean and hygienic. Honestly, this should be easy to fix if they want.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Functional,"Staff were courteous and pleasant.  Had to dine on a platform surrounded by a bead curtain, over which other guests peered at the television hanging from the ceiling because the restaurant is apparently only used for breakfasts. The bar doubled as a restaurant with a menu that seemed restricted.   If you are fond of 1960s decor, with lots of glass and chrome, this hotel does not disappoint.  The public areas are large.  Conference food was a little better than average.  Breakfasts were not hurried and food was copious and varied.  The lifts are large and there are plenty of them.  Room was clean and large for London.  The whole experience is a little impersonal but functional.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location.,"This is a typical Hilton.  I had tried to use a room nearby from Airbnb and it did not work out. luckily therewas a Hilton right across the street. The room was pricey ($329 USD), but I didn't have any other choice.  Room was large, clean, and comfortable.  The staff was nice (with the exception of those in the Executive Lounge).  Nevertheless, overall it was a pleasant stay.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great care for client satisfaction!,"Booked 4 nights in a ""de luxe"" double room which happened to be very disappointing (very small and smell of damp in the bathroom). We claimed at the reception and the Manager immediately took care of us. We were rellocated to a larger, more comfortable room and offered a free-access to the exec loundge. Our claim was handled was quickly so we are thankful to the management team for their strong sense of customer satisfaction. Hotel is 5 mn walk to Westfield shopping center & tube entrance with direct access to Center London via Central line (15mn tube). Very convenient location.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Found overall experience very good, would recommend to others and will definitely stay again if the occasion arises.  Selection at breakfast abundant.  Found staff in Executive Lounge to be most helpful and pleasant.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,just ok,"the hotel was a bit disappointing we have stayed in a few Hilton's and this has to be worst one. the hotel is in a great location its a pity the hotel does not reflect this the decor was in the rooms were tired and in need of a refurbish and the rooms were small and the bed was not the usual comfortable ones that we have experienced previously, however the breakfast was one of the best we have had and the staff were all very friendly.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2 Night conference stay,OK overall mainly in view of excellent location for central line tube station and facilities at Westfield but average bed in a very small room off long corridors and with substandard and expensive food and wine on thee ground floor,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay in London,We stayed in the Hilton Kensington whilst in London. This hotel is very well suited for access to public transport and within walking distance of a wide range of shops. The only downside was that the beds were too high and as they were on wheels they kept moving.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, location a bit tricky.","Great hotel with a few disappointments. The positives are the hotel is very comfortable, the rooms, the rooms very clean and comfortable, the staff friendly and the location is ok. Negatives-the bar prices are extremely high, the location is ok but the tube stations are either walk across two busy roads via crossing or subway to Sheppard's bush or a 1/2 mile walk to Holland Park. Not ideal if mobility is not good, but equally ok if you are happy to walk. Overall I would say its good value though.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,FRIENDLY BUT SOME UPGRADE NEEDED,A great international staff in all departments especially front desk and housekeeping who could not do enough to make the stay great. Room OK for London tiny by world standards. Carpets in corridors are raised and unsafe and there is a long queue to get into breakfast but apart from these minor shortcomings a great place to stay...beware it is a long walk from the tube station.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Stayed at this hotel for a business trip. On the outset the reception staff were very welcoming. The room however was not good at all. It was very small, very hot, and the shower room had a very stale order. The room was clean but was in serious need of modernisation. The air conditioning sounded like a hurricane but was unable to cool the room. On a positive, the breakfast was good. I arrived late and was too fatigued to request another room, but there are certainly better hotels in London",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bathroom refurb required,"Don't normally review the Hilton's as these are my chain of choice when travelling and am usually very happy with the standard. However, this hotel was disappointing, normally stay in the Olympia down the road but no availability so stayed in the Kensington and will avoid if possible in the future. Staff all very helpful and friendly. The executive lounge & breakfast was very good, lots of seating which is often a problem in these lounges and good proactive staff, the decor is very dreary however. Now I know rooms in London are small but this room for an executive room was tiny, that wouldn't be so bad but the bathroom is minute, I am a small person and I think that a large person would really struggle to get in and close the door. It took 30 minutes to fill the bath which was…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Solid Hilton Property, but not the best location","I generally only stay at Hilton, a policy that I am severely looking to change because of cost, but that is a different story.  I chose this Hilton for my business trip because I was able to get an executive room at a decent rate.    Let me get this out of the way.  The single biggest detraction from staying at Hilton is the fact they charge for internet.  And it isn't some small charge.  I don't get Hilton's attitude here, but when I was gold no issue because I got it free.  However I am now Silver and the amount of money spent on internet is outlandish and big reason why I will look to change going into 2015.    The staff, as I almost always find with Hilton, were fantastic.  Very friendly and smiling from the front desk to the concierge.  The room was nice and spacious and…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nicer on the inside than outside ,Not the best looking hotel from the outside but inside was clean and modern in public areas . Staff were friendly at check in and helpful . Room was decent size for London and well decorated . Air conditioning and flat screen tv . Comfy beds . Room at back of hotel so no noise from traffic etc . Bathroom was quite small and in need of some maintenance sink was cracked . Shower head bracket was also broken but reported this to reception and it was fixed straight away . Could probably do with a new bathroom to bring it upto the standard of the rest of the room . Would stay here again when in London as close to Westfield shopping centre and some nice coffee shops etc . One major criticism mini bar menu doesn't include prices for soft drinks . Found out on check out that cans of…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's ok - nothing special,"This was my second stay at the Hilton Kensington, and once again I'm a bit underwhelmed. It's an OK hotel, and quite often available at a decent price if my experience is anything to go by. I would still consider staying here if I need a hotel in Central/West London, but the hotel is more efficiently functional than anything special.   The reception staff I spoke to on check-in and check-out were very friendly and efficient, which was nice. Unfortunately, for the second time, there were no upgraded rooms available for my Hilton HHonors Gold status. This is not guaranteed, so no big deal. However, I also had no complimentary water in the room which should be a HHonors perk (rectified after I pointed this out to reception). I also had no face flannels in the bathroom, and this…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely place,"So the overall aesthetic for the outside isn't what you'd call beautiful however its insides really make up for it.   The Hilton hotel in Kensington on Holland Park Avenue is literally a stone's throw away from 3 important/ nice places: Royal Crescent, Westfield Shopping Center and Shepherd's Bush Over/underground stations. The hotel's location is fantastic for getting a nearby train or looking in Westfield. It's also opposite the wonderful Royal Crescent. If you need to get in to the center of London, all you need to do is take a 5 minute walk up the hill and you're there at the Shepherd's Bush Station.  Once you get inside the hotel, you're greeted by very polite and friendly staff. They check you in very quickly and also deal with your luggage. It was a nice experience. The…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Should not carry the hilton name,"After staying in many Hiltons worldwide I was very disappointed with the Hilton Kensington.  To be straight to the point this hotel insults the normally high standards that Hilton offer. Check in was slow, difficult and despite arriving late afternoon the rooms that were booked was not ready. The room itself was dirty and grubby damaged furniture, mouldy and dirty bathroom which was not a pleasure to use. The bathroom was so small and toilet so close to the sink I actually had to sit sidways on the toilet!. No consistency in rooms some had complimentary water another room it was £4?? The whole hotel needed a good revamp and deap clean including all communal areas.  It is well overpriced even for london upto £10 for a single whiskey!  Breakfast was of good quality which youd…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for Westfield,"Not a modern Hilton by any means, the (Executive Deluxe) rooms were old and tired and overdue an upgrade however the staff were all friendly and efficient. I stayed for two nights and was only charged £32 for parking with multiple entries/exits, I thought it would be more so that was good, the underground car park is tight as normal but has lots of spaces. Lounge had no food left when I visited at 8pm which wasn't ideal but breakfast in the lounge was OK if not busy. Hotel is ideally located for Westfield Shopping centre and is within walking distance from the bus/train tube station nearby.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shopping stay. ,"From the moment we arrived the staff have been friendly welcoming and helpful. Our room was lovely, clean comfortable and had everything we needed. Small walk to pubs restaurants and mega shopping. The bar has a lovely choice of tasty food and drinks. A perfect Xmas shopping and pampering weekend. ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A little bit disappointed,"Being an Hilton Honors Gold member, I really enjoy this brand. But in this hotel, despite the employees are very nice, it seems impossible to reach the breakfast as there is a very long line between 7 to 8am. Several times I had to forget the idea to take my first lunch of the day. Last stay, I have managed to go to the executive lounch but limited in term of offer. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to shopping and eatery haven,Hotel is conveniently placed in a walking distance to Westfield Shopping Centre. It's like being in Oxford Street but under one covered roof. There's plenty of food outlets to choose from too. Room is clean and staff are friendly.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My Latest Stay on Vacation,"My husband and I recently traveled to London in preparation for our cruise on Royal Caribbean Quantum of the Seas inaugural/maiden voyage from Southampton England. We decided to spend a few days in London before our cruise and I chose this hotel as out of the mainstream of the central city (a little different than most folks would). I was quite pleased with this as we had excellent accommodations as described when I booked reservations.   Additionally, as a Hilton Diamond we had access to the concierge room daily from early morning to 11 PM. Great breakfast and ""not continental at all"" but a full breakfast. Nice addition as not expected. Staff in concierge room are most accommodating and deserve a nice gratuity even if not expected. Found many Europeans and other country…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Some disappointments,"This is my hotel of choice when I'm in London.  I stayed 5 days on arrival to England & 1 night prior to departure.  The first stay I booked executive suite.  I expected a 2nd bathroom, but was not to be & no suites free with such @ checkin.  I paid the extra for the 2nd bathroom.  I have stayed n junior executive suites previously & this is what I received.  There were 2 of us for some of the stay & reason for other bathroom.  So save yourself the money.  Fortunately I booked in January when there are specials so didn't feel as disappointed if full fee paid.  Stay 2 I booked double executive room.  I was extremely tired when I arrived.  I was told I received room with specific request.  I asked @ reception if this was room @ back of hotel, again told I received room with my…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"If you're looking for a large room - with a beautiful view - this is not the place.  It is however, in a great location - and quiet.  It's just fine for a few nights stay.  The only thing that wasn't very appealing was the carpet.  It was quiet dated and looked more like indoor/outdoor rug.  It really should be changed ASAP. But all in all....I would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,pleasant hotel,"Well appointed room, comfortable and a decent size. Staff polite and helpful, although I had to ask three times for a hairdryer as there wasn't one in the room (despite the fact that there should have been). Bar area was good and food very tasty, although there wasn't an extensive menu and you do pay a premium to eat (and drink) there. There were plenty of restaurants over in Westfield, if we had decided to go out though. The breakfast buffet, on the other hand, was very good, with an extensive continental and cooked choice.  The hotel has a car park, which was expensive too, although there is a better rate if pre booked well in advance!",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Looking for a hotel with in a budget in London can be a job all by it self, I was bless to fine this one, located on a very nice area, around shops and a very large mall, Westfield at Sheppard's Bush train station. While the rooms are typically smaller than those in the USA, they are comfortable and nicely layout.  The best news is that staff is very nice, the gym is adequate, one thing for sure if all possible take advantage of the Executive Lounge, great for breakfast, Tea in the afternoon and evening snacks. Don't miss going to Sheppard's Bush Market, about 6 blocks from the hotel, WOW lots of interesting things to buy.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant place to stay,"The room was cosy and clean. Staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast buffet was very good. Tea, coffee making facilities and a mini bar in the room. Pity there was no mineral water provided though. ",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Holiday,"My wife and I spent 2 weeks in London and found this Hilton to be very convenient.  I had 5 days of meetings and the rest was a true holiday.  The concierge staff was not only helpful in every way but very friendly and welcoming.  They helped with transportation, suggestions for restaurants and tours.  Our room came with the daily buffet breakfast.  One of the staff, Evana (not sure of name/spelling) went out of her way to help us and make us feel welcome.  The gift shop had sporadic hours but was well stocked and outgoing, friendly staff. Yes the room and bed were small but we enjoyed having a room overlooking the street.  The bathtub was very difficult to get in and out of and no washcloths (we had been told these were not included in all hotels in Europe).   Housekeeping was…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,'Average',"The room was clean and well furnished, and the lounge and other public spaces were well presented. However, it felt like being served/attended by intern students (maybe that's what they were) becuase a lot of the services including checking in, being taken orders for food etc took a very long time. I did not feel I was staying at a high quality branded hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Holiday,"Took a quick 4 day trip to London with my family and we had a great time.  The Hilton was perfect.  Good location, fantastic service, do the room and breakfast deal, it is worth every penny.  The rooms are small, but all London Hotel rooms are small.  They were clean (I am very picky).  Antony, the Concierge, was amazingly helpful with car rentals, airport transports and general info.  I would def stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Oh! What a shame,"My wife and I stayed here for only one night while attending the Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall. Not ideal for our purposes but having stayed at various other Hilton's both here and abroad, we wanted to try this one. Our arrival was impeccable, we were greeted by the concierge, 'Rashid' who couldn't do enough for us. Reception and porterage were also faultless. Our room appeared to be immaculate also. My first sign of things not being quite right was when I came to use the bathroom. We live in an elderly persons property with only a wet-room so I was really looking forward to having a bath. Filled it with lovely hot water and jumped in. Ten minutes later I was lying in an empty bath. the bath plug didn't fit. I reported it to Housekeeping who assured me it would be…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Business Hotel, Staff Friendly","Recently stayed here for 3 nights as I was working locally.  It is not a cheap hotel however the reality is that London hotels are not!  The car park here is situated underground and is quite difficult to park in, if like me you have a large car..I have a BMW Estate...  If you pay for parking at Reception then they will charge you a reduced parking rate of £25 for 24 hours or alternatively there is a paymachine in the car park (it only takes cash!)  My first experience at reception was okay, not exceptional.  I was not asked about an alarm call or a newspaper (which to be honest I have come to expect the question as the norm).  I also completed information for the HiltonHonors scheme but the gentleman forgot to provide me with the details afterwards.  On to the room...quite…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Third trip back,"I have visited this hotel on a number of occasions and have always been happy with my stay.   The hotel is perfectly located 4 stops from Paddington but also on the central line close to the main attractions. It's a 5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush station and Westfield shopping centre.   The staff on concierge desk were very happy and friendly - we had no service issues   Yes the rooms are on the small side and not ultra modern, but they are comfortable and ours had a good size tv too. Had a great nights sleep, no noise issues.   I will be returning. ",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but the rooms need modernising,Great location near Holland Park and Shepherds Bush tube stations.  The reception area on arrival was very impressive and the service good. I thought the rooms let the hotel down a bit. They are quite small and could do with modernising and some new furniture. We found it quite noisy in our room with noise from the corridor. The bathroom was lovely though. There is no free wifi in the rooms only the reception area.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recent stay,"I recently stayed with a friend in your lovely hotel. Fantastic location friendly staff most helpful concierge.  Our room was excellent and very clean and comfortable.  However we found the breakfast system very slow and when we wanted to pay for our breakfast with cash there was no float and staff had to go off and get change and leave queue. Couldnt believe we had to get our own tea, milk and cup unbelievable especially for price; However breakfast was most enjoyable. Great location lots of shops in shopping centre and restaurants and cinemas.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, helpful staff","This is my third stay at this hotel, love the location, great concierge, good front desk, but the hotel staff for cleaning could use better supervision and cleaning, have been asking for 4 days to take care of cleaning issue in bAthroom still waiting and I check out tomorrow, dirty cups left daily and not all towels left daily, room could use a refresh as well, next business trip to London may not include this hotwl",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A consistent, comfortable stay","We booked our London vacation via Priceline about 6 months in advance for a flight and hotel package. In doing so, we ended up getting a fantastic deal on this hotel, although be sure to bring a printout of your receipt or other similar proof that your room has been paid in full, as there was some confusion during our check-in. Luckily our room was ready several hours early which made the early part of our trip much easier.  Our room on the sixth floor was complete with a king bed, flatscreen TV, complete bathroom, and everything was rather well done. While the carpeting had not been vacuumed, the sheets and towels were quite fresh. The bed was very comfortable and the room had excellent lighting options and a good overall layout. The curtains truly blocked all the light coming…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,excellent,"very pleasant helpful staff. Very comfortable room. Quiet, slept very well. Breakfast excellent, really enjoyed it. An extremely enjoyable stay. Will stay again soon, enjoyed it so much. Cinema and big choice of restaurants nearby. Lovely walk to Kensington gardens. Ideal",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Place to Stay,A good convenient place to stay; close to Shepherds Bush underground.  It was walkable to Wood Lane / White City where meeting held following day with Customer. Rooms clean and quiet good facilities. Front desk well presented and helpful room upgrade given.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Might as well be Premier Inn,"It's fine, but I was expecting more from a Hilton. It's dated with a 70s feel. Very soulless. Television reception brings you back to the 70s. Bedding is synthetic and therefore too hot. Dated airco that makes a terrible noise, but it's too hot not to have it on, etc. Also not very easy to reach on the tube. Took us forever to go anywhere. But all the amenities are there, so you can't complain.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Everything was good. Easy access to underground (5 minutes walking distance), room size is standard ~20m2 (not London standard when you get 7-10m2), bar/restaurant is also nice. 10minutes to the center by underground (central line, red one). Staff is friendly, no problem at all.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Staff, Lovely Hotel, Great Location","Spent the weekend at this hotel (31 Oct - 02 Nov).  When I read all the negative and poorly rated reviews, I shake my head in disbelief and wonder if they were actually at the same hotel as me!   Here is my honest and fair review;  Room - No.2033.  I booked the executive room with lounge access.  Albeit the room was not a big as other Hilton Executive rooms, it offered the same high standard of decor, furnishings and comfort. We had 2 nights of undisturbed sleep.  We were very pleased with our room.  Executive Lounge - This lounge was of modern deco and had the most comfortable seating arrangements.  Soft low chairs to chill and dining tables and chairs for breakfast, afternoon tea and evening beverages.  It was a great place for peace and quiet.  It does get a bit busy in the…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Reception area, staff & location are awesome",What a shame the room didn't live up to the rest of the building and location. The staff were ace and I really couldn't fault the service. They were extremely attentive and polite. The location is also cool but I think our room was not impressive albeit clean and tidy.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Place to sleep,"It was a fairly convenient location with good taxi availability and nearby enough bus stops and tube station.  The room was comfortable to spend the night but not to enjoy, and especially not when there is so much to do in London.   Service quality depended on whom we encountered.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over charged,"considering we paid £163 for a night including breakfast I'm not satisfied with the overall experience. I found hairs weaved in the towels and the bath had black rings around it  We had breakfast delivered to the room...Which was COLD!  We were charged £28 in mini bar charges, though we did use the fridge we did not use any of the pre-stocked items...This money is yet to be refunded.  The ceiling outside our room fell in, no warning to this was given so as we left our room we had to climb over the debris.  The lady on check out seemed tired and careless.   I love Hilton Hotels and have stayed at money but the service here was not to their usual standard.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Horror Hotel,And yes I stay to this  Dirty room towels not clean no hair dryer no ion  Every  time you hear this sorry for the inconvenience  Oh by the way I am a Diamond Member with Hilton Lounge never touch the bottles by your self  If you can't afford it to have a lounge don't open a cheap one.,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
2860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel for a short break,"Stayed here, 31st-3rd november, as going to a concert.  Arrived 2 hours early, but were given room keys on arrival. Nice friendly staff. Room small, but lovely and clean. House keepers come each morning, clean sheets and towels, as well as replenishing tea and coffee.  Ice machine on floor was not working but could called reception if needed any.  Only down fall was, no warning to have to leave £50deposit in case of using mini bar or renting movies etc. which wasn't a problem, but could mention on website, or on email etc while booking.  5-10minute walk to tube station and west field shopping centre.  Defiantly return next year. ",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for money in Shepherd's Bush,"Stayed at this hotel for 10 days, very happy with it, for what we paid (around 105GBP per night in late July/Aug) it's really good value. the location is good- for us, in a safe quiet neighborhood, the tube Shepherd's Bush tube/over ground station is just 5 minutes walk away, so is the big shopping mall Westfield- in/around which u can have everything done: hair salon, dry cleaner, coffee shop, flower etc. it's also not far from the highstreet kensington/ kensington palace.  To be fair, the hotel is not the newest, but still in good condition. the room is not huge (double deluxe), but to petite size as me and medium american size as my husband, we are totally fine with it. the room is modern and clean with all the necessities, we have partly full size window facing the main road…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just okay,"A standard hotel with standard rooms.  Bathroom marble had big cracks.  Their boutique has Weird hours of operation,  it is closed just when you need it. That was my biggest frustration. Front desk was efficient and friendly.  Another weird thing is their phone service.  Nobody bothers to answer any of the speed dial service numbers, whether guest service, housekeeping, room service or even the operator!  I just chanced upon someone picking up the room service phone on my umpteenth try and finally ordered breakfast which was served pronto! On check out, I called for a porter who never came so I had to bring down my luggage.  And, they should provide free wifi and bottled water just like any other four star hotel.  A lot of improvement needed on guest services indeed!",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hospitality,"The Hilton Kensington is convenient to the Tube and several bus lines stop right in front. The rooms are clean, comfortable and roomy. The staff is very helpful and Tim the concierge got us familiar with using public transportation. All in all, a good stay.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Long comfortable weekend in the big city!,"Perfect location with Westfield shopping centre a 5 minute walk, and the bus stop right outside the hotel entrance. The room was very small but was ultra clean with good quality bed linen, fresh smelling pillows and lovely white fluffy towels (although a minor detail, I would have like some washing flannels in the bathroom)",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's a fairly good hotel,"For the price paid, the hotel was OK, it didn't excel in anything but it ticked all the check boxes for a business hotel.  Located on the central line, it takes 25 minutes from Paddingtion and 25 minutes to reach Bank or Liverpool station, which is good for business. It has a good breakfast buffet and the line to go in wasn't has bad as some of the other reviewers had, the dining room isn't big enough for such a big hotel though.  The room was OK, bed was comfy, no noise and with the window open I didn't need the AC. The bathroom was big enough and had good water pressure.  The staff at check-in and checkout including Breakfast were very nice and handled themselves professionally.  Maybe I don't have high expectation, but the hotel was good for what I needed.  One thing I think…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok!,"We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights as we were just having a long weekend. The location is not bad. Selfridges is not far away (we were walking). Our room was clean, and the staff was very helpful. Still I found it very expensive. Overall it's a OK hotel, not the best but neither bad! ",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Stayed here on a business trip in Oct 2014. Great location only a few mins walk from Olympia station and a short walk to/from a few other stations.  We dropped our bags off at 9am, and went out for the day on business, coming back after lunch to meet in the foyer which was a great help as we then didn't have to drag our bags around London all day.  The Costa coffee in the foyer is great in conjunction with the ample sitting / meeting space.  The room itself was good, clean and well appointed. My only criticism of this type of hotel is the overpriced water they leave out to tempt you in the room. We didn't have breakfast due to the cost, but overall, the hotel was clean, friendly and well located for our needs, and if I were in the area again, I'd recommend it.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"ok room, ok price, terrible staff","Hotel staff was very rude. Everyone including front desk staff, concierge, bell hop. There was nothing wrong with this hotel however I found it funny that they are in the business of hospitality and were the only people we met our entire trip that were not extremely friendly.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Terrible, dirty, poor organisation","Late book in after a show, had to wait 20 minutes as they could not initially find reservation.  Room v.small (as expected for this type of hotel in London) but also not very clean, light bulbs not working, plug in sink would not hold water etc, etc.  Breakfast very poor organisation, queue to get into dining room and the experience then can be best described as akin to a rugby scrum.  Would avoid, better options available in my experience.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Disgraceful - no room, water, iron, teaspoons or TV","I have stayed here on business a few times and it's been ok, just a few niggles. Now I'm a gold hilton members I was looking forward to my complimentary room upgrade.  Firstly I had to queue for ages and secondly the room upgrade didn't happen - 8pm at night my room wasn't even ready! I arrived at 7.15pm.after a long day at work and was told my room wasn't ready.  I was given no explanation and as all guests have to check out at lunch time I can't understand why my standard room wasn't available so late at night.   I was told to wait in the exec lounge. I explained I wanted to go running and didn't want to eat of drink anything, but was given no choice as I had all my luggage with me. The exec lounge was packed there were no free tables spare and I had to sit and wait till 8pm.…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
2871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location, top choice","Frequently London hotels are a compromise between location, comfort and value.  The Hilton Kensington is an exception.  It's situated in leafy Kensington, 5 minutes from Notting Hill, 15 minutes from Marble Arch, and a few moments' walk from one of London's biggest shopping malls.  The public areas are spacious, with a real bar and good-sized restaurant.  Breakfast we found to be excellent -- plenty of choice, well prepared and well presented.  The rooms are a standard layout, but larger than many in central London, and cleaner, with a comfortable kingsize bed.  The staff are pleasant and efficient.  Wifi in-room is free if you book online and join the Hilton Honours club.  The price including breakfast is about what you'd expect for a mid range London hotel, but given its plus…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty Good,Last stayed in this hotel 31 years ago. Bathrooms could use some updating but overall we enjoyed this last stay. Staff very helpful. WiFi free in foyer but charge applicable in rooms. Good selection of free newspapers. Concierge on duty. Location very handy for huge shopping mall.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate but needing some attention,"I stayed here one night on a business trip. I have visited the hotel before but not as a staying guest. It has changed little in recent years and is in need of some attention. The rooms are comfortable but, for a central London hotel, not outstanding. Perhaps the most disappointing aspect was the breakfast. Watery scrambled eggs, undercooked sausages and somewhat anaemic bacon. The black pudding slices were dried out. A full English breakfast must have style and freshness with some attention to detail. For example, there was no sliced bread for toasts; guests needed to cut their own from uncut loaves.  For the tourist market, the hotel is probably an ideal example, but for the discerning British traveller it is not up to scratch I am afraid.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location,"Very nice location just minutes away from Tube station. Nice, but small rooms. Clean, comfortable bed. Will definitely stay there again. There are some nice restaurant in the area within walking distance.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not quite up to par,"* Location: Easy public transportation via many bus lines (in front of hotel) & nearby tube & overland train stations; quick walk to major shopping mall with countless eateries & a vast array of stores; slightly away from tourist attractions, but close to many local restaurants, cafes & shops; in a lovely residential area with an elaborate park; walkable to Notting Hill & Portobello Road; a perfect area if you like being amongst the locals and away from tourist crowds * Friendly/professional doormen & concierge * Inconsistent/careless housekeeping: Sometimes had to ask for towels or toiletries; received wash cloths on the first day (but not the remaining four days); did not always replenish glasses  * Amenities lacking: In our many years with HHonors Gold/Executive level status,…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worthy Hotel,"If you need a hotel in London then this is the one you need. Great rooms, great location and great staff. I stayed here for a friends birthday party. The staff were very helpful and knowledgeable.  Late night room service was also great. can recommend the pizza and nacho's :)",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staying for business in London,"The Hilton London Kensington hotel is a good place for staying in London. Very comfortable, full of equipment, free internet, excellent staff. Two underground stations and buses provide the convenient access to the sightseeing",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happy with stay,"Staff are friendly and polite. Breakfast had a good selection and was cooked and good quality produce. Rooms perfectly adequate but getting close to requiring refurb, bathroom quite tired. Bed extremely comfortable. Ideal for requirements. Would return. ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,a nice stay,"I stayed in this hotel whilst visiting London for a weekend break. The hotel was easy to find as soon as you got in to London, and missed most of the inner city traffic.  Check in was easy and quick, and the room was ready, even though we arrived slightly earlier than advised.  The room was nice, bed was very comfortable with plenty of room, and the bathroom was of a good sized, with a very good shower.   The local tube is 5 minutes down the road, and there are a number of small shops, restaurants and pubs dotted around.   We didn't eat in the hotel as we had already eaten out, and didn't manage to make it down to breakfast, but did have a couple of drinks in the bar area, which was nice and comfortable.   The only 2 things that slightly disappointed me, was the cost of parking…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappoiniting,"Front desk staff was having such challenge to find out reservation even it was made clearly through booking website. And we requested additional breakfasts and in room internet, she did not add on as promised, even we agreed to pay but failed to delivered. Room is terribly small and bad ac noise, someone knocked our door at 5am!",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shepherds Bush Hilton,"This Hilton is a short walk from Shepherds bush train station & Westfield shopping centre, excellent location for trains & buses to all parts of central London. Check in good for my visit although there are long queues at peak times. Staff efficient & friendly. Paid for an exec room , good size for London. The room gave us access to exec lounge, highly recommended as breakfast, afternoon tea, cakes & sandwiches & evening drinks & canapés all included in the price. This is excellent value for money. Price of car parking at £32 per day is not, but that is probably par for the course in London. Wi fi access free in lobby expensive in hotel room. Overall very satisfied with hotel & would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location,The hilton Kensington was a touch above average.  The rooms are nice size.  Clean and updated.  Hotel staff nice. Executive lounge was nice.  Great location.  Mall within a few minutes of walking.  Nice exercise room. ,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great rooms, not great service or internet and very busy","If you will not be in the hotel much or location is your primary driver, I would give it a much higher rating as the beds are comfortable and the rooms are nice but when it comes to service, internet connectivity and details, this hotel feels more like a subway station with the amount of people in and out than the Hilton brand that I am used to. The location is also quite good near the tube a handful of restaurants.   To start, the service is not great and it could be because they seem to be very busy all the time. For example, I called twice to get my room serviced and after 6 hours, it was still not cleaned. I had to then call twice again to get waters delivered to my room as they weren't replenished because they didn't service the room. The internet service is also not great…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel,"Very good positoin of this hotel. It's easy to find the subway stations of the central line. And there is a very nice supermarket Westfield near the hotel. We can go to the market easily when we return from other places inside the city. Good service is supplied from the reception. And it's good of the breakfast. Of course, it's Brithsh style.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not for Paris Hilton,"One night business trip. You expect just clean bed, bathroom and quick check in and out.  We had also dinner- confirmed my friend saying ""I don't sleep in restaurants and don't eat in hotels "". Check in very slow, nice receptionist. Room very small, OK.  Overall clean , but.... In details very, very dirty and worn out. Stains on carpet and... 'clean' towels.  Paris Hilton, shame on Hilton name",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
2886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A cruise ship or hotel?,As a diamond member I do expect certain things from hotel.  When I got an email from them 2 days before asking if I needed anything I responded that I needed an early check-in.  Well I arrive at 11:00 am and nothing is available.  Looks like they were booked up with all the airline folks staying.  They have buses coming to get airline folks at this hotel.   Have to wait some time to check-in and check-out as they seem to feel they only need two people to handle the rush.  Lounge and restaurant service at the hotel we very good.  Only negative with the lounge was that it took them some time to clean tables when it was very crowded.  But overall very good lounge.  Had dinner at the bar twice and was good.  Now the reason I will never stay at this hotel again has mostly to do with…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over priced travelodge,"Hilton Hotels. I couldn't wait, I own a B&B in Yorkshire and needed a break for my birthday. A well earned break. Rubbish is all I can say about our small square double room. The shower works if you hold the head, but the door is broken so water goes everywhere. The toilet flushes and carries on flushing. To stop it you have to take the lid off and push the ball cock down. The bed creaks like an unoiled shed door and the air con is noisier than heathrow airport. Apart from that the layout is good and the safe is free. I'm guessing that like me people pay £150 per night for the name, but I'll not be doing that again. I'll be complaining officially as soon as.  ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst London Experience,"I give this hotel a 2 rating because the room was clean and the front desk staff were very understanding and helpful. Besides that, the hotel was too far from museums, shopping, excitement, bars, nightlife, the action of London, and the historical attractions. The 24/7 room service they claim to have was more like a 15/7 room service. The WiFi was awful in the rooms, you must go down to the lobby to use it. I just over all was let down by the Hilton name.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff!,"Was one of the better hotels I stayed at in London for my work trips. The rooms were small but I like that it was cosy and that it was very conveniently located near the tube station, Shepherds Bush and there are bus tops with buses straight to town at the entrance of the hotel. The staff were friendly and",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Great location, small rooms, friendly staff....buses to city landmarks and closer to subway station.  Went for a  business trip.  Quiet street and quiet ambiance given proximity to the city center.  Don't know many alternatives in the area but do not mind staying there again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Up and down,"Hotel is old and in need of a facelift, but the people could not be nicer or more helpful or more honest. Executive lounge is great. On the down side, hotel is totally unequipped for people with allergies to down.  It took 4 calls to housekeeping to get two fiber fill pillows and two very ugly, old, brown ratty blankets.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired hotel, needs updating","People probably book this for the location thinking it is in Kensington, but it's actually in Shepherds Bush. There are good transport links from there, but the name may confuse people. The hotel seems to be from the 60s and the room I stayed in hadn't been updated since then. The rooms are tiny and the bathrooms also need updating. I did sleep well but the mattress was very thin and I could feel the springs.   One morning I was woken up by a tannoy speaker in the hallway. I couldn't tell what it was saying so ignored it, but when I was in the bathroom I heard it.  It said that the systems were down and that the hotel was now under a full evacuation, i.e. the fire alarm didn't work.  So everyone had to get up at 6am and go outside.  There were no staff members around, no one…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"The hotel was just ok, Looks great from the outside, very small rooms, but good location. I agree with ErshB. Very polite employees. The breakfast room was fantastic. The concierge, Racid Battal, was AMAZING!!!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,EXPENSIVE BADLY RUN HOTEL,Three couples booked in advance. Hotel near tube station but underpass or extremely busy roads to get to entrance. Problems booking in. Eventually got rooms all on same floor. Rooms small but well set out. Missing few complimentaries not big deal. Went to bar and barman was helpful. meal was only being served there in area set up at bar/lounge.  Not a   lot of space for meals. We had problems explaining meal was included on first night to 3 different staff members.  We waited 58mins for our meal. Our secondxdrink order had taken that long to arrive due to only one barman serving the whole lounge and eating area. Americans that came in after us two tables of 2 and table of 4. Manager falling over them and served them their starters and meals before us.  Went up complained about…,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"this is a very nice hotel, bedroom a little small and bar prices very expensive, overall very pricey for the size of room etc breakfast was excellent though!plenty of choice food very  nicely prepared and all fresh, this was the best part of the stay tube station was close enough to walk to",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dirty carpets,"Concierge was excellent; room was small and dingy. Carpets were stained and dirty. No plugs to plug in anything electrical. Forgot my adaptors and I had to buy them; hotel couldn't even lend me any.  Called for wake up calls and nobody answered the phone. Had to go downstairs. Nice breakfast and the reception staff, when around, were nice.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average ,"I was staying there for the first time for two nights as a part of a business trip.  My first impression was positive due to the great location, easy access to other parts of the city and the friendly service from the check in staff. Getting to the room was a bit disappointing as the room was small the bath was almost crowded and the furniture seemed to know some better days. Breakfast was ok.  It's probably one of those hotels I would recommend not staying more than couple of nights mainly due to the room comfort issue. ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,not London's best,"We stayed for 2 different nights at this hotel-coming and going from Trafalgar tour.  The hotel is pretty busy but they do an OK job in taking care of you at check-in.  It felt like this hotel was suited to business travelers.  We had a basic room which was very small even for Europe standards and especially for the price they charge.  It would be OK for one person but 2 people found it hard to navigate and place 2 suitcases.  If you open window it was noisy and we were on the 4th floor.  We did not have a good experience with the concierge.  We simply asked about a good restaurant recommendation nearby and he acted put out but told us of a good Italian restaurant up the street.  When my husband asked if it was expensive, the guy started acting real snooty and said, ""This is…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to London Westfield Shopping Centre & Sightseeing,"Hilton London Kensington is convenient  for visiting London & close to the London Westfield Shopping Centre. Sightseeing tour buses stop outside the door so easy to take in the sights. We had a warm, friendly welcome from Charlene on reception desk. Executive floor rooms give access to the Executive Lounge with complimentary breakfast + evening snacks & drinks.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, great location","Not the most modern decor, but has friendly staff, clean rooms and a more than satisfying breakfast. The location is great, short distance to Shepherds Bush tube station and Westfield Shopping Centre which has a great selection of reasonably priced restaurants to choose from. A great place to base yourself when visiting London",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel in central London,"This is definitively not the most charmy Hilton I've ever been, but it has a good price/quality ratio. The room I got (upgraded) was not close to equivalent room I got in other Hilton in London (e.g. T4) and I think the entire structure should get under complete refurbishment. That said, the hotel is well positioned and people are kind as you can usually expect in the Hilton chain. Hints: - don't try to take a cab from the hotel, surrounding street are always congested. Better to go to the close metro/bus/train station (Shepard Bush) and move to a different pace",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Ideal hotel for a trip to London, staff very helpful and friendly, room very good, comfortable beds, clean, quiet and has a fridge and windows which actually open.!! Excellent breakfast, good selection of well cooked food. A bus stops outside the hotel which takes you to central London, and stops near to Victoria Station and Waterloo. The hotel is relatively near to The Royal Albert Hall by bus, and a few bus stops from Kensington Gardens which is the home of Kensington Palace where there is a wonderful exhibition. I would have given a 5 rating but there was some delay in showing guests to their breakfast tables, once this has been resolved a definite 5 rating Yes I would certainly recommend this hotel..",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Experience,"This is my second stay at this hotel and would definitely recommend this hotel. It is close to Shepherd's Bush underground and the Westfield shopping centre.  Staff is very polite and helpful.  Room service and Executive lounge very good.  It was great having the Original Tour bus stop in front of the hotel, easy to hop on and see London.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"If your looking for a decent hotel in a central location then this is perfect. Bus stop right outside and tube gust a couple of mins walk. The staff are helpful and friendly and I found the consiage very knowledgeable and helpful. Rooms were clean and tidy and well decorated, size was ok but nothing special. Breakfast is expensive if you don't get it as part of your package so much cheaper to eat out. There are loads of little bistros and cafes along the main road and a wide choice.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good for the value !,"We had a good deal at this hotel and we are Hilton Honors members, so we got a great breakfast for free. Service in general was good. The bus stops in front and the subway is 10 mins. walk. ( or 1 bus stop) The neighborhood is more Notting Hills then Kensington,  we really enjoyed the restaurants nearby at this area. Not touristic, reasonable priced places.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,visit to england,I stayed at this hotel the staff was friendly somewhat. The room service was great. The rooms are small. but who spends that much time in a room. great location. Near the red bus and other sites. I made the mistake of prepaying for a lower rate and had to leave back to the states early due to health emergency and wouldn't get any money refunded..,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,40th wedding anniversary stay in London,"Chose this hotel for convenience to where we were planning to visit. On arrival the receptionist Viola (?) who spoke fluent English despite being from Hungary,  checked us in quickly and asked if we were visiting for any reason. When my wife explained it was our anniversary treat she went into upgrade mode for room and executive suite, and even arranged for a chilled bottle of something fizzy to be delivered to our room. It was an executive room on the sixth floor, very modern, smashing Large flat screen TV and a big comfortable bed. Although we were always out when happy hour was on in the executive suite, we did take tea and cakes twice after a hard day walking the street it was very welcome. Only problem, which was not this hotels fault, is that it seems impossible to join…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton,"The room was a bit on the small side but clean, quiet, comfortable.  The window opens to let in fresh air, or as fresh as you can get in London.  Lots of storage in the closets.  The bathroom also a bit small but clean.  The corridors are a bit of a rabbit warren but you find your room eventually.  It seemed quiet, no banging of doors that you usually hear.  Check in and check out were fine.  The breakfast was very good, lots of choice and a nice dining room to eat in.  The lifts were good, not much waiting around for them.  No free Wifi in the room but terminals in the lobby to use.  Near Westfield with lots of shops, tube and train stations an easy walk with your suitcase.   I would stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant experience,We would definately recommend this hotel. It is close to Shepherd's Bush tube station and the Westfield shopping centre. We will be coming back to this hotel. Only problem was the bed creaked but did not keep me a wake.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good and Bad,Good Breakfast A little bit of Neighbor room's noise  Unlucky room view Very clean room cleaning Kind staff Speedy Check-in / Check-out Good place for shopping Nearby big tube station (Shepherd's Bush Station),Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of my favorites,"Excellent service, excellent location - near the Tube, Westfield Shopping Centre, and a short bus ride to Piccadilly Circus.  The rooms are small, but clean. I'm sceptical about the quality of the breakfast - the last time I ate there I had an upset stomach, so I won't be eating there again. ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,"Room was clean and nicely furnished. Had all the things you would expect to find in an upper end hotel. Area seemed quite. We walked to and from a pub, a bit late on the way home and saw nothing of concern. Room wasn't large but plenty of room for a single or couple. Wi-Fi in room was an extra charge, but free in the lobby.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2nd Visit and we will be back!!,"Having just returned from our 2nd stay at this hotel, I feel the need to write another review.  Myself and my father attend the beauty show at Olympia every year. Last year we booked and stayed at this hotel and was taken back by the great service, food and the overall standard of the hotel. This year we have returned staying for 2 nights and we were certainly not disappointed!  The room elegant, the executive lounge offering fantastic service day & night, the restaurant superb-even cooking something that wasn't on the menu (cannot ask more than that) All staff so helpful, friendly & wanting to make sure we had a good stay. Ercan Koc really goes the extra mile to make sure you enjoy your time there. It's no surprise staff are so helpful and attentive with a leader like that!  We…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,When no smoking doesn't mean no smoking,"The one thing we said on our booking form was that it was important we got a no smoking room.  When we arrived we were given a room which stank of cigarettes (despite the no smoking room sign on the door.)  They changed it, but it was annoying.  After that, the stay was fine, though they have crammed far too much furniture into tiny rooms, which makes manoeuvring around almost impossible.  It's a pretty ordinary hotel to be honest, and best avoided at the price.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No hot water,"Shower didn't work no hot water and the manager didn't follow up. good size room for London. Average location not much close by. Its expensive for where it is, ok for business travelers and not too far in Taxi to town.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Just had a 3 night break in this hotel.We found it to be clean and well presented. Twin bedroom was just leaning to be on the cramped side but was ok, Bathroom was very clean but just looking a bit tired. Staff were very helpful both on the front desk and in the restaurant, breakfast was the usual cereal and fruit starter and the hot dishes for the full on fry up but why do they always cram the tables so close together. Internet connection is free in the public areas. Good location with easy access to bus and tube connections, (Shepherds bush nearest) Meals are a bit on the steep side.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No room despite valid reservation,"Upon arrival the stuff told us they have no room for us due to some ""sanitary"" reasons. They sent us by cab in the middle of the night to another Hilton (an hour trip, although they told us it will be only 25-30 min). It appeared next day that the reason for the lack of room was simple overbooking. The general manager of the hotel was kind enough to upgrade our rooms for the reminder of the stay and didn't charge us for the first night.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The hotel is not worth for the price you paid,"Though London is an expensive place, the price I paid for this hotel is bit of less than the value I expected. The room is small and the facilities are limited. Very small gym, no pool, no self-laundry, the breakfast is very expensive, not included in room price. Location wise, it is bit of out skirt of the city, not convenient for a traveler who is not familiar with London.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant place to stay,"We enjoyed our stay, location was excellent for getting around London with Tube station only a short walk away plus a good shopping mall handy. Room was adequate, clean and comfortable. WiFi in lobby very handy and plenty of in house computers available. Concierge was a great help when we struck difficulties with our rental car.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Hilton Shepards Bush,"if you are expecting Kensington, you are right on the edge, it's shepards bush roundabout with dreadful pedestrian access to Westfield and the tube.  Room was ok, lounge is fine.  All in all ok unless you're paying full whack, in which case I'd be disappointed.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but don't book a triple room!,"I recently stayed here as it was part of my tour. My friends and I booked a triple room and were squished into a TINY room that would have been perfect for one person. We found out later that while the tour company booked us a triple room the hotel doesn't actually offer one. After much complaining on our return at the end of the tour, we ended up getting a second room at a special price, since we paid extra for the double room we currently had. It would have be helpful if we were told this upon check-in!  The rooms on average are small, but that seems to be the norm in London. There did seem to be a lack of face towels no matter what hotel we stayed at. The hotel on the whole was very good. It is quiet, comfortable and well located, just a few minutes walk from Westfield Mall…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel,"Terrible hotel, dirty, small room and staff stole things in my room.  I don't raccomande this hotel. Hilton is not a value brand. Our guest compliant about the small room. Also someone has a dirty room. The hotel is esxpemsive but doen't worth",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"bad, bad, and much better hiltons that are close by for the same rate","Stayed here a few times recently, rooms are small and it really does depends on the luck of the draw if you get a refurbed one or not. As a diamond member they struggle to provide the services to a diamond member and do NOT have a handle on customer relations .. let me explain  I stayed here and unfortunately left my wash bag behind, ok i admit that's my fault cant blame them for that, but I rang and explained the problem, they advised they had just found it and would put it to one side and if I came back to their hotel I could collect it. good so far eh?!  couple of nights later I went back to their hotel to collect it and stay another night, the room type i had booked wasn't available (never mind a diamond upgrade) so i was relegated to a standard room but they knocked money…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I recently spent 5 nights here. Hotel is clean, concierge was very helpful, & breakfast was included. Rooms are ample size but the bathroom was on the small side.  The carpet in the room could have been cleaner. The location is great for shopping & dining. Hop On Hop Off Bus stop is directly across the street which was very convenient. I would stay here again, if I get back to London.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced for a tiny room and bad service,"I am surprised by the positive feedbacks i am reading as this doesn't really correspond to my experience.  I had stopped a few years ago to use Hilton brand, and trying back, i find the same type of issues than before.   For a high price, i am ending up into a small tiny room after a long queue to check in.  The ""guest service"" on the phone doesn't work, the operator answered only after 3 calls, the minibar was ... used (opened cans in it and dirty): and the answer to the complaint was (at 6 pm !) - we will solve tomorrow morning.  Wifi is about 15 pounds for a day.  Black hair in the bathroom.  Well, plenty of other choices in London for my next stay ... In the room you have a card saying ""if you're not satisfied with your stay, let us know and we ll make it right"".  Nice ad,…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Consistently disappointing, central location","Its more Shepherds Bush than Kensington, but a good location non the less.  I stay here week in, week out for work and the location is extremely convenient. As a Diamond HHonors member, there are lots of little extras you are supposed to receive, and they very rarely appear unless you ask for them.  I also believe that there is a shortage of face towels in the general are, as if you use the one in your bathroom, you are lucky to get a replacement the following day. Often full of tourists, the hotel seems to have little consistency on its care of people who are regular stayers, as it takes the throughput of cabin crew and tourists that they dont need to care too much. Shame really as some of the individual staff are really nice, though the leisure facilities are inadequate for a…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a good location.,"Hotel is really clean and up to Hilton standards. It had a really good bar and was in a good location. It was about 5 minutes walk from shepherds bush underground. Breakfast was good but not quite at the standard we've become to expect from a Hilton, but only as they seemed far busier than any other we've stayed st before. Would definitely book again. ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful business hotel,"The Hilton Kensington is about 5mins walk from the Shepherd's Bush tube station and Westfield Mall.  This allows easy access to quick business nessecity shopping (I needed addition ties) and quick access to the tube.  The rooms are on the smaller side, but there are not cramped. There is ample space.  My only negative is the lack of a USB connection or american style 3-prong plug at least at one location in the room.  But this is where hte Conierge came in...I put out my request for an adapter and he basically tracked me down there after to ensure I got one of the last ones in the hotel - pretty awesome.  The Executive Lounge was also well stocked and quite active, particularly in the afternoon after work.  Indeed a wonderful business hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Home away from Home,"Was suppressed to get a room as it was a last minute business trip but I was glad I did from the moment I arrived nothing was to much trouble the room was excellent and it was good to relax after a long journey the meal in the restraint was very good and the service from the staff was second to none the next day I needed to get into the city and the hotel arranged all the transport for me, it was a lovely stay just what you want when you are away from home, I will stay here again and would recommend it to anyone looking for excellent service",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth the visit!,"We booked 6 rooms and stayed two nights at the hotel. We really liked Mr. Hamilton at reception, he is a true asset of this hotel. The deputy operations director is extremely nice and cheerful!  The dinner service from the bar, the breakfast selection is nice.  The hotel is nicely located, during our stay, the central tube line was suspended by strike and the head concierge provided amazing alternatives to meet our demanding travelling needs.  Things to improve: The gym is really poor, only two old treadmills for over 600 rooms are simply unacceptable The quality of pullout sofa beds in rooms are not comfortable for young children to sleep.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, great concierge","The room was tiny. The location was a bit too far from the center of London for me to walk to museums. But, the neighborhood was charming and the concierge Hassan was so helpful. He arranged a wonderful guide, Pauline to take us to Stonehenge on a moments notice on a Sunday morning.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Easy location - close to all transport,"We stayed here twice recently - prior to and after a tour.  I had emailed reception to notify them that we had an early arrival and they had our room ready - after travelling for 28 hours it was really appreciated. On both occasions our rooms were clean and very comfortable with windows that opened, the bathrooms had all the normal amenities and the towels were white and fluffy.  Lovely breakfast every day and I must make special mention of ""Queen Anna"" who was so nice. All the staff that we met were most professional and friendly.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awesome place,Located in the Holland Park section of London the Hilton Kensington is a gem.  Centrally located to public transportation this hilton property rates 👍👍👍👍👍 five thumbs up.  The hilton properties in the USA should be maintained and operated as well as this one is by our British counterparts. Had the pleasure of staying for one week and can't say enough good things other than I can't wait to visit again.  Cheers!,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced pocky rooms,Apart from the location not much good news ! Small hot rooms with poor air conditioning and overpriced even by London standards. Staff appear willing but poor knowledge of English leads to misunderstandings. Even the name is misleading as it is in Shepherds Bush and not In Kensington itself. Not a Hilton flagship!  ,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice large hotel,"Stayed here for four nights,staff very nice,room and furnishings of top quality.Hotel is in good location close to central London,Kensington is a nice area so enjoyed walking around and visiting local pubs and restraunts in the area.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Practical for a London Visit,This hotel is conveniently located near shopping at Notting Hill and a large shopping mall Westfield which has many good restaurants and is a central point for busses and the tube. The lobby seems to be always crowded which is most likely due to wifi being free there and not in the rooms. They should make it free throughout the hotel.  The breakfast is good and the place is kept clean.   We did not have a chance to have other meals there but the menu looked varied. There is always a taxi at the front and it is close 25 pounds or so to St. PANCREAS station if you want to get to Paris for a day. The week spent there was very nice and we would be pressed to find another fault (besides the wifi only in the lobby thing).,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Honeymoon upgrade,"The receptionist upgraded us to an executive room when he learned it was our honeymoon. We were slightly early, so were given a voucher for a drink in the bar whilst our room was made ready. A final touch was to arrive back to find a bottle of cava waiting for us. Location is good for either the Shepherds Bush or Holland Park Tube. We preferred to walk to Holland Park as there's a wide range of bakeries & coffee shops, which are cheaper & less hectic than the hotel for breakfast.  Our room was good, but the bed was ridiculously firm. Friday night was quite noisy with lots of late night guests banging doors. Free wifi for an hour each day. We would use the hotel again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in cosy neighborhood,"We spent 3 nights here. Big hotelroom with a big bed. Comfortable room and well equipped room/bathroom. Polite and helpful staff in the reception. The area was very cosy, quiet and beautiful. Close Notting Hill, close to huge shopping center (Westfield) and it was easy to get a bus or the underground to Oxford Cirkus. Recommendable hotel! We didn't get the hotel breakfast, but walked 5 minutes to a bakery/cafe for our breakfasts.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, safe, friendly",I spent one night here in August. Check in at 10pm was quick and friendly. My room was comfortable and well equipped. It was a good size for rooms in London. The bar staff were attentive and efficient and the breakfast buffet was busy but good. I arrived by tube at night and i would advise if you do this that you get your bearings sorted and have access to a road map. It is not far to the hotel but easy to head off in the wrong direction.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Pleased!,"There were 4 of us, 2 moms and we each brought our 16 year old daughters. We deliberated long and hard about where to stay.  We ended up at this hotel for the following reasons: Hilton has a great reputation, there was a sale on the rooms, we had access to the executive lounge with free drinks, snacks and wifi, the rooms each had 2 twin beds, the linens & mattresses were high quality, and as it was in Kensington, it would be close to everything.  The hotel is actually in Holland Park which is a beautiful area, and easily walkable to Notting Hill up the road.  Otherwise, we took taxis to most places. So please note you aren't in Kensington when you stay at this hotel. We enjoyed the rooms, they were clean and well appointed. Everything was in fine working order. The rooms are…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms with twin beds bigger than king.,"Some restaurants an shops near by. Area very nice and safe. Our room was smaller than our children's room. We had more in the room, including balcony, hair dryer, iron, safe etc.  The shower door did not close right so I called the problem in. Maintenance knew the problem and the parts were on back order. They could change our room if we wanted. Hotels in London are expensive this was less expensive than other Hilton.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny room and poorly trained receptionists.,"We stayed at the Hilton in Kensington over the Bank Holiday weekend for the Notting Hill carnival. The check in process was long winded and felt as if the receptionists weren't sure what they were doing. We waited for about 10 minutes even though the people in front of us were both being served at the time.  When we eventually checked in we were told we had access to the executive lounge, only to be told in the next breath that we didn't. There was a gentleman next to us checking in who was told ""you checked in this morning"". When he told them he hadn't the receptionist looked puzzled and said ""so you're here now?!!"" When we arrived at the room we were shocked how small it was. We'd booked a deluxe double and had to check online to see whether thay'd given us the right room. On…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not quite very good, but certainly better than average","My wife and I stay here each year (so that says something) when we attend a trade show at Olympia. We usually get a reasonable rate and always book an executive room.  The hotel is clean and tidy and even though the rooms are small I find them comfortable and have everything I need; especially as we only tend to stay for one night. We usually book an executive room as this gives you access to the executive lounge. I think the fruit you get warrants the status of the room being executive, otherwise I doubt there is any difference with a standard. You also get free wifi, but then I am not sure whether you do in a standard room The lounge is nothing more than a few tired and threadbare chairs and tables with a snack and drinks area. Soft drinks are available all through the day and…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,BREAKFAST EXPERIENCE,"Breakfast buffet is chaotic and unsupervised, definite lack of organisation.  Cooked items look unappetising. bacon appeared deep fried, sausages just pink!  Staff not interested definitely not worth paying for.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"My granddaughters and I stayed three nights and had comfortable beds and clean room however housekeeping is very poor, three people in room and only enough milk for two, when we phoned for extra coffee and milk it didn't come, No free Wii fi in the rooms and then we were asked to pay an amount of money for use of items in mini bat which were not used. This was challenged and reduced. Great location with easy access to city, all in all a nice stay",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Choice of Tour,"Our tour company booked us here both before and after our tour (2+ weeks apart).  I always enjoyed my stay here.  Great breakfast buffet in the restaurant in the mornings.  At night, dinner was served in the lounge.  My meals were excellent.  Even had the treat of a young man on the piano several evenings. The waitresses and waiters were very hospitable.  Those at the concierge desk were always helpful.  Even the saleswoman in the gift shop was friendly; I got a bag which I used to carry ""stuff"" on the tour,  I can't find any fault with the hotel.  The hotel is located west of Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens  on Holland Ave.  I've never stayed on that side of town before so it was an interesting experience.  A new shopping mall was only a few minutes away.  But traffic is very…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel for a decent price!,"We were here for 2 nights and we had nothing to complain about! We have booked a deluxe twin-room away from the elevator, because the elevators in this hotel make a lot of noise! The shower and bathtub were quite small. A complementary bottle of water was waiting for us in the room and was very welcome, because it was very warm in the city that day! The restaurant is absolutely suburb with delicious food and a good amount of local and foreign beers! The only downside is the price of the food and drinks in the hotel. Westfield shopping centre is a 2 minute walk from the hotel. Shepherds Bush is the nearest Underground station and provides a fast service into oxford street and beyond. I would stay here again!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pre Wedding Stay.,"Fabulous Hotel, clean, excellent food and service. Staff very Polite. One drawback, it costs £25 per day to park the car. Access to the City by Taxi £26. Would certainly stay there again. I inadvertently paid too much for two meals and did not realise until the morning. I informed the restaurant manager and in fairness he sorted the matter out. It was in fact My own fault, however he was very apologetic and gave us courtesy tea and coffee all morning, which negated the amount that I had overspentt",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,Hilton Holland Park av. is good value for money. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is absolutely top of the range. The passage from garage to reception is a nightmare narrow staircase and there is no decent elevator to the garage.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, Nice hotel but housekeeping not consistent","Stayed at this hotel for 9 nights for business trip. very near to Shepherd's Bush Tube Station, comfortable room and good bed.  No wifi in the room (GBP 15/day for wifi in the room), so most guests were at the lobby checking email and lobby was always busy.  Housekeeping service was very bad, not consistent, one day never replenished shower cap, another day no shampoo, next day no lotion, some days they gave 2 cookies, some days 1 cookie, some days no cookies. same with replenishing tea and milk too.  Even when we passed them in the morning, no good morning or smile.  They need more training, maybe should have a check list to prepare a complete room.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for exploring London.,"Stayed here in January 2014 with my partner.  When we arrived we had a swift and easy check in and the staff were very helpful. The double room was an average size but had all the usuals - kettle, tv, safe (etc...), and everything was clean and in perfect working order.  The hotel is in a great location with the nearest tube station only a 5 minute walk away so it was a great base as we were in London to see a show. We had a few drinks in the bar which was a bit pricey, but it had a nice atmosphere.  Great as a base in London! I'd stay again!",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
2952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate hotel but misleading name,"We needed to stay in London for two nights on our way to a wedding nearby, and searched for a reasonably priced option around Kensington. Despite the hotel name, this hotel is actually not located in the heart of Kensington but close by in Holland Park. We stayed in an executive room thanks to a temptingly priced offer on a hotel –booking web service. We appreciated the smooth check-in, friendly service, inviting lobby area with a bar, modernly furnished executive room towards inner yard and comfortable bed. We had also access to the very popular executive lounge on the ground floor, serving breakfast and teatime and evening snacks with lots of choice, as well as free Wi-Fi (in room Wi-Fi is charged extra).  Minus points for hair in the bath (otherwise the room was tidy),…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good for a business trip, close to tube station","Stayed at the Hilton Kensington in June 2014. Clean, small, basic rooms. Hotel is near a shopping center and tube station.  Reception and concierge staff were very kind Check-in and check-out process was fine,",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Get a grip,"I have been staying here for over a year, individual staff are excellent. Over all service is beyond poor. Every time I check in(weekly) the same issues occur, not upgrade of room for a diamond member, no bathrobes water etc .. Problems with the internet.  Don't try room service unless you love eating hours to get ..... Expensive rubbish.  The manager tries to placate but can't do anything about it, if it wasn't near to work ... Not sure I would stay here",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant night's sleep,I stay in a lot of hotels on business and so expect a great service and a pleasant night's sleep so it doesn't affect my business and my work.  I was impressed by the Hilton in Holland Park Avenue because the service at Reception was very helpful and she even showed me the Executive Lounge which I had access to both the evening I arrived and also for breakfast the next morning. This was over and above what I thought I had booked for so I was most impressed. The breakfast was very satisfying for someone who doesn't want the 'full English'! There was a full English breakfast if you wanted it - I prefer fresh fruit and yoghurts - all were available in abundance.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location and facilities,"I checked in here as I have done many times before to a warm welcome from the mainly overseas staff.  I was checked in quickly and efficiently and given precise and easy directions to my room and the proximity of the executive lounge and everything was explained about wifi, breakfast etc, very concise but thats what you want after a long trip.  I was a delegate at a business conference and we all found the facilities very modern and well equipped with staff on hand to answer queries and cater when needed although they were not intrusive.  The rooms are quite small and the beds are only queen size as far as I can work out from previous stays and my colleagues on this conference - beware if you areas I am over 6ft tall.  That said this is typical Hilton, well appointed and clean. …",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very enjoyable stay.,"At the time of my stay, the restaurant wasn't open for dinner.  I retired to the lounge and had a wonderful every night.   Breakfast was in the restaurant and was very good.  Two nights I (and others) enjoyed the piano technique of a young man from England.  Very talented.    A very welcome stay all around.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel.,"We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights last week.  On arrival our welcome was friendly, polite and would put the most nervous traveller at ease. Our room was spacious and clean.  All of the hotel staff were friendly.  They remembed things like where we were from, who we were visiting etc.  Two tube stations are within waling distance and from there you can get wherever you need to around London. I am looking forward to booking in again next year Please God.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location near Westfields, Shepherd's Bush underground","We have stayed here over the years and last month stayed 3 different time in and out of town.  3 very different rooms. Breakfast in our case was included as was internet. Hotel was a business hotel for years, now also a tourist hotel--lots of Japanese this trip. Not so much fun at breakfast. You can walk to Shepherd's Bush station--lots of crisscrosses, or walk up to Holland Park or Notting Hill--pleasant but further. Westfields is a massive mall with eateries and all the main stores. Try it off-peak--not weekends or evenings. The cafe in the lobby has good food and a place to relax if you are tired of pubs and people. Everyone there gave excellent service. No complaints. Will return on future trips. We are Hilton card members so we get upgraded often which gives us free this…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"We booked this hotel for 3 nights. The rooms are very small. There isn't enough space to put our suitcase, no wifi. And we found mould in bed-sheet and duvet cover and no tv remote. So we complain regarding those matter in front desk and the staff told us he will change the sheet and get tv remote asap. We waited for 3 hrs but no sign. Afterwards we complain this matter with manager then he finally changed it n get us remote n made excuse with air con faulty. I am very disappoint with the service i had with this hotel. So i wont recommend my family n friends to this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Simple,"Stayed here many times before attending matches at Stamford bridge. Staff is always friendly, especially the concierge, really helpful. Rooms are nothing special but don't have any complaints.  Nearby Westfield, heaps of shops and restaurants  Tube station is nearby as well, you have multiple options and can even take the overground ( nearby Westfield )",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Ok, if you like being in Notting Hill","Stayed a few times during March/April due to working in town.  Thankfully the weather was nice and dry during my stay as the long walk to Notting Hill tube would have been horrid in the winter rain.  As it was spring it was quite a pleasant start to the day.  The hotel was as expected for a standard Hilton - reasonable quality food, room, facilities. Friendly  and helpful staff throughout.  Disappointing to have to pay for the Wifi.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location good ,staff made me feel welcome","The hotel is close to the tube and westfield shopping centre and thus nearby restaurants  so this makes a good location.The staff at hotel made me feel welcome and would always assist me,they were quite friendly.the general hotel rooms could have some improvements like the tv for example but overall it was a great stay",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really good.,"We had absolutely no problem. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable, the underground stop is very close and easily attainable by walking. The staff is very professional and well mannered. Everything you may need is available around.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ability to check in online AND print boarding passes!,"A great hotel on a quiet tree lined street ... Very close to the underground station, and maybe just over a mile walk to the delights of Notting Hill and Portobello Road.  The buffet Breakfast was terrific ... Lots to choose from - proper orange juice too!  Lots of computers in the lobby, with free wifi, but what made the trip was the ability to print our boarding passes for our flight home. That facility saved us 20mins faffing about at the airport.  Have already booked a return trip in September .... I think this might be 'our' London Hotel.   All I need to do now is find my Hilton Honors number so I can take advantage of their membership scheme.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So So Hotel but GREAT CONCEIGE,"This hotel is out of the way - down the road from Notting Hill. It is on a bus route so it is not horrible but takes time to get to the parts of London where all the excitement is. There is nothing around. The restaurants are at least 2 or 3 blocks away and not open late. So, after a long days exploring, the only food to eat is the hotel food which leaves little to be desired. The menu is limited. Only 1 salad (caesar with chicken/beef/fish). No fish and chips. The burgers are good but you can't eat burgers every day. There is a Tesco up the block but this is good only for snacks and water.  The one great part to our trip so far has been our concierge Rachid. He has been EXTREMELY helpful during our stay. He went above and beyond to show us how to navigate the buses and…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"location good, dated hotel, wifi not free","The hotel was located about 5  minutes walk from Sheperd's Bush tube stop. It is next to Westfield mall which if you like shopping, you would be in paradise. However, the hotel itself was dated. The check-in staff were friendly. We signed up for executive lounge access which was 30 pounds per night, it provided breakfast, tea time snack and pre dinner drinks. They could pack a breakfast box for you if you leave early morning. That was nice.  The hotel itself was quite dated. I could hear the water from upstairs running through the pipes throughout the night. The room was small with adequate amenities and coffee making facilities. However, the house-keeping staff did forget to refill it sometimes. Wifi was not free in room but in lobby only so that's a disappointment.   On the…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice room, shame about the plumbing","Before complimenting the room, I want to take issue with the hotel's name. It can only be called the Kensington on a technicality IMHO. It is located in Holland Park, way outside Kensington itself, and barely 100 metres inside the boundary of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is right next to Shepherds Bush, but in truth that's a positive thing because you have a convenient tube station and railway line close by. It's also a relatively short walk to Holland Park tube station.   Reception staff were friendly and efficient despite being very busy at checkin due to a bus load of American tourists arriving. We also had a positive experience at checkout.   The hotel room was comfortable, quiet and cool, with good quality bedding. We had a great night's sleep, albeit I…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Courteous staff..,"Negatives: Room size is extremely tiny and if you plan to spend time watching TV in your room, well the telecast is not clear.. especially in days when you have LED/LCD TV's everywhere.. the huge TV with a bad reception is a shock.. (I was there during the Soccer world cup and was extremely disappointed with this)  Positives: Staff is extremely courteous and pleasant. Reception/ House Keeping and concierge everyone was nice.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what you would expect for Hilton,"I stayed here for 4 nights with a friend in a twin room- it was tiny! Could not even open our suitcases fully without putting them on the beds. Bathrooms felt grimy and the whole place could do with a makeover. Staff were unpleasant and made you feel as though they were doing you a favour just to do their jobs. To top it off wifi was only complimentary in the lobby so you would see many people loitering. On the positive side, the hotel is only 150 metres away from the underground, overground and London Westfield. Would not stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Customer Service,"We noted her name as she was exceptional, Christina, at the reception of Hilton Kensington was fantastic. Greeted us with a smile and made effort to make us feel very welcome. Beyond checking us in (which was smooth) Christina also offered local knowledge before we left to explore the area. The pleasant welcoming experience resonated throughout the rest of our stay as a result of receiving such high quality service at the very start of our visit.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Much improved,"I stayed at Hilton Kensington some years ago and it was an awful experience.  My recent booking was an error - I'd forgotten about the previous visit.  So my expectations weren't high at all upon arrival, and my stay was a very pleasant surprise.    My room was pleasant, overlooking Holland Park Avenue, yet not noisy.  Amenities all good - standard Hilton issue.  My 4 night stay was relaxed and pleasant, with all staff courteous, helpful and friendly during a period the hotel was very busy.  Easy access to most places via underground - about a 5 minute walk to Holland Park or Shepherd's Bush station - Central line.  I go to the theatre via tube every free evening I have in London, and this worked really well for me.  After a bad past experience, I'll be back . . . .",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happy with my stay,"Stayed here for 2nights whilst visiting family in Kensington. I have stayed at this hotel before hence my return. The staff were friendly and helpful. My room was clean and had everything I needed for a comfortable nights sleep. Breakfast was good with plenty of choices. Drinks at the bar were a bit pricey but expected in London. Overall I was happy with my stay, plan to return in october. Thank you!!",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected More,"Arrived at this hotel at 12pm and waited until 4pm to get into our room.  We are Diamond members so we were permitted to wait in the executive lounge.  The executive lounge makes this hotel a great value as they offer breakfast, afternoon tea and appetizers/drinks in the evening.  The Concierge was wonderful and happily provided me with directions and maps (Shepherd’s Bush tube/bus station is within walking distance).  Our room reminded me of a dorm room decorated by Ikea, and much like a dorm room it needed cleaning (there was a French fry on the floor when we arrived).  However, the bathroom was very clean and included a huge bathtub.  All and all it was a good stay but I expected more from a category 6 Hilton property.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great,"We spent four nights there in august 2014. The room was the smallest we've ever been in since our camping days. The bed was double and took up most of the room. The fridge did not work and despite several polite requests was never fixed. The air conditioning was like sleeping next to the engine room of a ship. The room was so stuffy at night that w just had to grin and bear it. Storage space for clothing was non-existent and so we lived out of out suitcases for the duration. Never.Saw the complimentary mineral water, by the way. In short, we were very glad to leave.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with great location and good sleep quality,"I stayed there for 2 nights and it was really good, with a helpful staff. Check-in took an eternity, but I got a connected room that I requested and everything was good. Internet is paid in the room, but free at the lobby. Good sleep quality. You got a bottle of mineral water as a courtesy every day, which is good. Restaurant however I would not recommend. Service is really slow, time to get our food was far too long and we just ordered pasta and pizza....Check-out was efficient.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - what you expect from Hilton,"Stayed here for 1 night, having moved from a supposedly more budget hotel (the Hilton actually was £10/night less for a far superior room!)  Room was a good size for a central London hotel, lovely modern bathroom with excellent shower, and the bed was an absolute dream compared to the place I had moved from.  The location is very pleasant and the proximity to Shepherd's Bush tube and overground make it really convenient for getting around - I was able to sleep in for longer than anticipated since the overground got me to work at Hampstead Heath in no time at all!  Downside was the dodgy TV reception, but I didn't come to London to watch telly anyway.  Also, the cost of Wi-fi in your room is criminal, but I just parked up in the nice bar and had a couple of drinks while doing my…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fit, Form and Function","Standard Hilton affair You stayed at one, you've stayed at them all - a statement I have made before about my Hilton stays and this one is no different  Check in and check out was conducted with no fuss Room was clean Breakfast was plentiful - staff coped fairly ok considering how full it was  What is great about this one though is its location  Not central, but that makes it more affordable out of the London Hilton range It is a mere 5-10 min walk from the nearest tube station (Shepherds Bush - Central line, the red one), which is also about 6 stops from Oxford Circus And if you know the area well, you will know that it's next to the Westfield behemoth shopping centre  Useful Tip: if you arrive by car, save money on parking and park at the Westfield Centre......£9 for 24hrs on…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below average,"After getting to hotel and having no room ready, was given a room that was a) size of closet and b) not too clean. Asked to change and was told ok, but only at 3pm. (I arrived at 8am). Ok.. Not ideal but had my meetings. Came back at 430 to find out maintenance was in my new room as door was broken and it would take at least 1 hr. Why would they give me a room that was defective. Back to front desk and admittedly, only good service was by front desk who immediately apologized and gave me another room. Not to be a pain, but 3 rooms in a day is not what I was expecting. You would think you get a room and it's clean and comfortable to sleep and work. Received a fruit basket as apology. If it were not for location close to Shepherds Bush, doubt would stay there again. Quite…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quality-value excellent,"Very nicely situated, service great, clean and quiet. Near underground station (5-10 min. walk)  and bus stop in front of the hotel. Many restaurants and shops at walking distance. Would definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, excellent location","Great location, 2 bloca from train station and Close to lots of shops and restaurants! Staff was friendly and hotel was clean. The only downfall is the rooms are small which is standard in Europe. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shoe box room and poor service,"Stood waiting for over 10 minutes with a dry bowl of cereal in my hand waiting for the semi skimmed milk to be refilled is not ideal when you need to get to work. In he end I had to use the milk meant for the coffee despite asking 3 people about milk.  Despite being a hilton points member and hilton credit card holder I still got put in a shoe box room with the usual horrid views of air conditioning units. I had to ask for the complementary water in my room, only for the room cleaner to take it away the next day??? Bathroom was so small I banged my head on towel rail pretty hard and banged my elbow getting undressed.  Overall good location next to Westfield shopping centre, tube and Holland Park.  But not my most comfortable london stay.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,straight up good hotel in heart of Kensington .,"straight up good hotel in heart of Kensington . Loved this place it was a nice hotel, walking distance to the bus and near tesco. I liked it and would stay here again, it was near Kensington palace and staff was cool, although surprisingly no one had a British accent all the employees seemed Eastern European , but still helpful nonetheless.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
2984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great London value,"Excellent value for the price including a full breakfast! Tim, the Concierge, is one of the best!!! He recommended an excellent local restaurant within walking distance but best of all, he saved us 45 pounds on our airport transfer!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for a London holiday,"Stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for our recent six day trip to London. The air conditioning in the first room we were given was not working properly and when we asked that it be fixed, we were given a much larger, street-side room no questions asked. The location is brilliant, just a few minutes walk from the Shepherd's Bush Station, with easy tube, bus, and train connections to the city and surrounding area. Concierge was very helpful and the breakfast buffet was outstanding (try to include it in your room cost). The only issue is the cost of the WiFi, but it is available and free in the lobby so this was not a major concern. We would definitely stay there again when in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice base for a conference,"We stayed 4 nights as I was attending a conference at roehampton but wanted to be closer to things to do in london proper. This was a nice spot connected to transit options, and staff were all quite helpful with booking play tickets, etc. The room was a decent size for Europe and bed was super comfy. Bathroom was ok, but the toilet seat was broken and you had to precariously sit on it so it wouldn't fall off. I had let the hotel know our trip was also celebrating my husbands birthday, and they sent a bottle of champagne to the room, so that was a nice touch!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,We were really looking forward to staying at the Hilton Kensington sadly It was a real let down Room was shabby carpet badly Staines as was the furniture  TV reception appalling  Bathroom OMG ! Hair matted around tap. Shower thick with mould and scum  Not acceptable at all  Duty manager (nice lady from France) who on inspection agreed and moved us to an executive apparently newly refurbished room  Really if this was newly refurbished then they should sack the refurbishers as the only difference from the original room was a bigger TV and a yellow stained bath which someone had squirted bleach around leaving a travelled track hardly what one expects from a Hilton Breakfast was the only positive but to be honest nothing to write home about Would never stay at this hotel again…,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,This hotel is excellently situated with access to the Westfield mall and with bus stops right on the hotel doorstep. The welcome and service from the staff is always friendly and helpful and the concierge service and advice is outstanding. My frequent stays have been a great pleasure.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well Priced this time!,...despite being only 10/15 mins from the West End the location is pretty good! Good value for money but you can pay thru' the nose for these hotels.  £115 was my limit with this one and it certainly came well within this price.  This was probably due to the fact it is Holiday Season!!,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Near Westfield Mall,"After having stayed at Doubletree down the road, I am pleased with the service and this hotel.  It was a bigger hotel, service was good and the reception lady who checked me in was friendly.  They made you feel welcome and able to meet my needs.  The rooms were of good size too.   I like the location as it was very near the tube station, Shepherd's Bush and there was a bus top in front of the hotel where you can get into Oxford Street and other shopping area conveniently.  Just get the Oyster Card.   I would stay here again on my next trip to London and I think the rates were more reasonable than other Hilton or even the Doubletree.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,really friendly staff,"Great location, nice stroll to nearest underground station. Room was very clean and well equipped and suprisingly quiet for its location and obvious popularity. All staff, consierge, reception, bar staff and house/room staff were very friendly and helpful at all times. We would certainly stay at this hotel on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service at modern well-equipped hotel,"The hotel is well situated close to Shepherd's Bush with its full range of amenities.   The hotel is well-equipped with spacious bar, restaurant and general lounge areas.  The Executive Lounge is extremely good value - the quality of the food and drink on offer was excellent.  Rooms are of a good size and were extremely clean.  Reception staff were particularly helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We arrived at this hotel and found out our booking was booked for the wrong year! Glad the staff were accommodating and were able to provide us with a decent room.   The hotel was within walking distance of Shepard's bush station and Shepard's bush market station and also near a Westfield. The Westfield shopping centre was very high-end, with pricey brands such a prada, Gucci and tiffany's. We found a brilliant restaurant called carluccio's with wonderful staff and food which was in the shopping centre.  We tried breakfast from the hotel, first the buffet which we liked but in the end thought was expensive, so went to the restaurant/cafe at the hotel the following day which ended up being the same price after getting a drink with the meal, however smaller serving and less…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton,Good location close to tube and Westfield. Great view of tree lined boulevard. Tired but respectable while clean and quiet. Priced right. Staff responsive to service issue - water damaged ceiling complaint drew prompt and decisive response with quick escalation to necessary decision maker.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Was  this a Hilton Hotel? No way,This Hotel is a Hilton?  1 They try to make us pay more  2 Lies so many lies 3 The rooms are very cheap trying to pass as renovated  4 The bathroom is small and the tub is hi up!!! Very dangerous 5 They said this was one of the best rooms they had  Just go somewhere else,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
2996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tour Group Hotel,"A typical tour group hotel, best suited to handling groups that do not expect much service. Check in was confused as they couldn't separate a booking if two rooms into two names. I continued to be registered as my colleague for the entire stay.   Room was prepaid yet Both if us been charged for the rooms again after check out. Rooms are small, well suited to back packers but best avoided by business travelers.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,comic con trip,Hotel is in a really good location for travelling on the tube . When we arrived had to wait slightly for check in but the young man who dealt with us was pleasant but when you saw him keep pressing buttons on his keyboard we knew there may be a problem but it he was trying to find us a room with a double bed (which we has requested ) he spoke to other staff rang housekeeping a few times then said he had found one and gave us the number and key Well we went up to the room only to find upon opening the door it was somebody else was already had the room occupied ( luckily they were not in there at the time! ) but what did worry me was that our key opened the door and we could of taken anything  So we went back down to reception after apologies and more keyboard pressing we…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable classic hotel,"I really enjoyed my stay in this hotel. The room was on the smaller side, but fully equipped. The bathroom was a little old, but perfectly acceptable and very clean. Nice big towels and really good toiletries, plus the tea and coffee available in the room made it very comfortable. The corridors were long and the carpets were a little out-dated, but this didn't bother me at all. Breakfast was excellent: swift service and plenty of choice, with good quality products. It was a little annoying to have to line up and wait to be seated, but I guess it's easier for the staff that way. We also had dinner in the hotel one evening and it was very good as well. The staff in reception were also helpful and friendly. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money,"We stopped here for my Mother-in-Laws 60th, very lovely hotel, great location and underground links, nothing was too much trouble, would definitely recommend.  The only negative I would give is the cost of the bottled water in the rooms, especially as we went on a weekend that was scorching hot !",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Expected from Hilton,"I have been to a few Hilton Hotels back in the states (prefer Mariott) and never had an issue. This hotel was barely decent. Staff was great, cleanliness not so much. We got into our room and unpacked to settle in for our 4 day stay. We made the amateur mistake and did not check the room. Floor was dirty and garmet bags were left from previous people. Our fridge was NOT cold and was disgusting. We let the front desk know and they offered to transfer to another room. We had already unpacked and declined. They did give us free WiFi access for the room, which was nice. The poor rating was more to the cleaning staff. The fridge was never cleaned and we never got fresh towels or hand towels each day we were there. I am glad we were there to only to sleep. The hotel is actually closer…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than your average Hilton,"I've stayed at this hotel several times in the past few years but never reviewed it because it's a chain hotel (it's like reviewing Heinz Beans - everyone knows what's inside!). I had to make an exception this time however as the service I received here was excellent. And on reflection I can honestly say I've always received great service from the staff at this hotel.  The lobby, bar, reception and all the public areas are smart and tidy - maybe even a bit swish. But the rooms (we had an executive double) suffer from the usual Hilton problems - slightly too small, a little care worn and (this usually relates to the bathroom) in dire need of an upgrade.  That said, the real reason to book here is the staff. Friendly, courteous, helpful, warm and engaging - they put the smarmy…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to Westfield shopping center,"The hotel is great, with excellent service from concierge management. But what is the best in this hotel is the proximity to Westfield shopping center, on the other side of the street.  Great global experience!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay as usual,I had a good stay here again. The check in was pleasant and efficient and I was upgraded to an executive room. The room was rather cramped but adequate. The lounge does get rather busy at peak times but offers a good range of drinks and snacks. I used the option of ordering some food from the bar menu in the lounge. The food was not delivered exactly as ordered but was ok. Breakfast in the executive lounge is always a more relaxed affair which I prefer. Check out was swift. ,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok ,This hotel is in a nice location and centrally located.  The street is rather busy but it is fine.  The building is dated but the rooms were fine.  My only issue was that access to the executive lounge was said to be based on the rate I paid rather than my Hilton Honors status.  I had to pay an upgrade fee to access the lounge which again is ok but not great.   I have other favorite mid-priced hotels in London where I feel more welcomed and my status as a frequent traveller is rewarded.  ,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"This should be a four star rating, as I have two small subtractions - which I'll get to in a moment - but the service and cleanliness leads me to five.  Stay here because: it's bright, welcoming, friendly staff offered options for which room we'd like (booked two twin beds, stayed on the 3rd floor overlooking Holland Park Avenue), and an exceptionally helpful staff. We misplaced our umbrella, and housekeeping brought all of the ones they found for us to see if ours was included. Clean and comfortable rooms, and they tidied up, as well as restocked everything each day (we stayed three nights).  Super bonus points: our luggage was delayed at Dublin, and while I could not get anyone to call me back from the airline, the concierge, Tim, went above and beyond - and found out when our…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OVERALL GOOD EXPERIENCE,"I was generally impressed with the level of service and accommodation at the Hilton Kensington.    The rooms and lobby are starting to look a little dated, but this was of no matter.  A couple of things in the room like slightly noisy air conditioning and a fridge that did not open were slight annoyances but they did not detract from an overall good impression of the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"DECENT LOCATION, NEAT AND CLEAN HOTEL","Very good location, neat and clean Hotel, helpful Conceirge and Reception. Checking in was very efficient and faster. Could improve the lobby computers with updated mouse and software as the browing was too slow. Breakfast was healthy and choice was amazing. Connectivity from the Hotel to any part of the city is excellent. Taxis available all through. concerige staff was extremely polite and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for families if not ritzy glamour!,"As a regular Hilton traveller on business, it was a first with family.  Returning to my home city as an expat in Australia, I was relieved that on arrival after 27 hours on a plane with child, they gave us our room on arrival at 10am!  The good: Early check in, speedy service, child friendly attitudes of staff, good breakfast, gym on site, access to city bus routes and transport, safe area, proximity to Westfield shopping centre (if that's your thing!), close to good child friendly restaurants and adventure playground (see my tip for kids below).  Charming concierge who gave our daughter a colouring book!  The indifferent: Rooms a bit small and tired, although (note Americans and Aussies) this is quite the norm in London.  Space is a premium.  Also, it's not really Kensington -…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but needs improvement,"Our check-in was fast although we had to carry our luggage up ourselves despite porters being there. Their was no wireless internet service in the rooms, which we were not informed about, and is available only in the common areas. The room service extension on our phone was never answered, despite going through reception and several dishes on the menu had been removed, though the menus had not been updated for six months. The mini fridge is unlocked through a central location via the reception and they did not inform us of such after struggling to open it, when it was accessible we removed a chocolate bar that was not replaced for the entire length of our stay. It is the small things that matter when you are in a hotel and we found that it was extremely noisy. We could hear…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never Loved a hotel more!,"My wife and I recently stayed at the Hilton Kensington, and I must say what a refreshing hotel with excellent staff.   After a long hot day working at the London Film and Comic Con, we really needed a comfortable, stress free, and quiet hotel to relax in, and as soon as we met Carl G. a front desk receptionist we knew we had come to the right place.  Carl was extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and funny.  With his fast service we were in our room and relaxing in no time. After which we ordered room service because we couldn't be asked to go out again, and we were glad we did,  I ordered a Hilton burger, fries and a side salad, lets just say none of it survived. Lol The room was clean and well furnished, my only small complaint about the room was there wasn't a wall plug near the…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Stayed over night 18th June for a business trip, the hotel was in a good location in a shopping area with bars and restaurants near by. The hotel room was a good size with air con. the bed was very comfy ideal for an over night stay but be warned very expensive",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,We got a great deal that included breakfast and I had been slightly worried over the distance from central London but needn't have worried at all--the station at Shepherds Bush is very close but I preferred the walk along to Holland Park as it's such a nice street to wander along. There are very regular buses which stop right outside too.  Christina at the front desk was very welcoming and offered us the chance of a late check out as she noticed they weren't busy on our departure day. She also took notice of my request for a quiet room and gave us room 1100 which is the farthest away from the lift--not a bit of noise and as it's at the side of the hotel there was no traffic noise at all The room itself wasn't big-- I wasn't expecting that-- but it was perfectly clean as was the…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,average  hotel,"The location of the hotel is fine in Kensington. The price of the room is quite high for the service you will get; The mini bar was not working in my room..I had to wait one hour to have a club sandwich at the bar..the TV screen quality was very poor in the room..and it was not possible to check out on the last day because the system was down - Free wifi is only available in common areas, not in the rooms (15£ per day!!) - all these little things together,I would thus not recommend.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A better stay than expected!,"Upon arrival, we had fantastic service. We were able to get our room upgraded and the room was fantastic! I could definitely see a difference though with the upgraded room and the regular room in terms of the quality of the room. The location was great as far as closeness to the tube, however, in the long run this didn't help us because we had our baby and a stroller. Which, if you have been to London, does not bode well with using the tube. So we used cab services a lot. That being said, I would have preferred to be a little closer but if you are able to use the Tube then the location is just fine! Overall had a good stay and would def recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small Guestrooms no free WIFI,"Good hotel in general, this is a very large hotel and you do not feel it in the lobby area.   Professional Front Desk, Concierge, Bar staff etc etc   Bathrooms are unacceptably small - unable to stand up and shower properly  Guestrooms have in room iron and iron boards, in room safe, I was in an Executive Room and had a large HD Plasma TV   Wifi is charged for in the guestrooms which I find unacceptable   Good and prompt room service for Breakfast",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed at this hotel on many occasions. Really nice. Breakfast lovely, staff friendly, room nice and beds comfy. A little way from centre of London but just jump on the tube only take 5-10 mins. Kensington is a lovely area to stay. Def recommend if staying in London. ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Smells better this time, executive club very good","I stayed here with my wife at the end of May 2014 for the rugby final and found that the hotel had improved since my last stay. The staff were very helpful as I had 2 bookings made via 2 methods for the weekend and they put those together for me. On this occasion I was entitled to use the executive club because of the room I had booked. This was an excellent perk as they provide free snacks, breakfast, beers and soft drinks. These were very good and if you can you should take advantage of it. Again room was ok standard stuff, not ""executive"" but I think that refers more to the club and its perks.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel Overall,Myself and my wife stopped in here for 1 night while staying in London. Located near enough to Shepard's Bush Tube Sation it was handy enough to get to from Central London. The reception staff (Derek) was very friendly and set the tone nicely. The lobby is large and has a good relaxed ambience. The room was tiny but then you expect this in London so no complaints there. Wifi has to be paid for which is a bug bear of mine but again it has become the norm in the UK. My only complaints were that when my wife went to the bar to get a drink she was told it would be brought over. She declined but the bar staff insisted. Bottom line is that you are forced to acceot the waiter service and therefore forced to tip. I have no problem tipping when it suits but don't like being forced to.…,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,House of Commons Reception,I have stayed here 3 times this year as it usually offers good value for a a London business or leisure stay. This Hotel has been updated with a large Executive Lounge that offers free evening drinks and breakfast. The West field shopping centre is a 10 minute walk with restaurants and shops. Shepherd Bush tube station is on the Central Line so the West end is 15 minutes away and buses stop across the road.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as a Hilton should be,"Pretty disappointed. The rooms were in various states of disrepair, carpets needed replacing, counters were old and damaged. No free internet in the room was a huge drawback. No pool or hot tub. Concierge staff was fairly snooty. The price charged for this room was way too much for the lack of amenities I would expect from a Hilton. On the bright side, front desk and housekeeping staff were nice and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Top Location great hotel,This place was great. Staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was super busy when we were there but everything ran smoothly.  It is a little bit more expensive than some places in the general area but the location is perfect. 5 min walk to the Underground and a Major shopping complex and ten minute walk to a very nice restaurant area/Kensington high street. Also a great gym located in the hotel.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Classic !,"The hotel has been around for many years and there are little things that need to be addressed such as a sprucing up of the bathrooms, but the service and friendliness of the staff make up for any of this. Had a great 7 day stay, great breakfast, clean rooms, good room service, superb location, no complaints !!! Would stay again !!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great customer service,"The London Kensington Hilton is not a new hotel, and there are certainly elements that are dated from décor to fixtures and plumbing. At times only two elevators seemed to be functioning. However, our experience with this hotel was very good. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. We stayed here for 5 nights and experienced great customer service throughout our stay. The fact that we had Hilton Honors Diamond status might have been a factor, but not everyone we dealt with knew that from the onset. Our rooms faced the courtyard (so no view) and we had an upper floor; it was very quiet. Location is not the best for everyone as it is very far out west from the city center, but if you enjoy American style shopping, there is a large mall with all kinds of shops and restaurants…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average, expected more from a Hilton Hotel. Kinda Pee Stench; Spider; Poor WiFi; but..","So I was sent there for 8 nights during a month and a half stay in London.  Before this, I was staying at the Chiswick Moran Hotel, which was right besides my office.   I was actually a bit excited about going to a Hilton, expected a lot from it. When I got there, sure it was big, sure it seemed nice. But the room itself didn't quite invited you much to relax. It even had this pee stench which apparently had not fully disappeared from the room when I got there. On my last day there,  I even got a spider in my bed, not exactly something you would like to see. One last really bad thing I didn't expect from it, is having to pay like 14 (or 24, can't remember) GBPs per day to get some WiFi in the room. Paying that amount for a night in a hotel should at least include some basic 1GB…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"Liked it . Staff friendly. Clean rooms nice neighborhood good location close to shopping and good restaurants. Short walk to the underground. The breakfast was included in my stay and was good. Air conditioner worked as it was unusually hot for that time of year. We also went to Paris, Venice Florence and Rome and none of the air conditioners worked.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,"Hilton London Kensington is well situated.  It's within easy walking distance of Shepherd's Bush tube stop on the Central line, and it's one of the hotels to which day tours will send shuttles to pick up customers so they don't have to get to Victoria Station on their own.  The staff was courteous and helpful.  Everything was clean.  My room was on the bigger size, by European standard.  Temperature control was very good, and the bed was comfortable.  I was on the 7th floor, and overlooked trees and the Westfield shopping mall, also within walking distance. If you are over 5'10"", you'll have to kneel or sit to take a shower, as the tub (at least on the top floor) is on a platform and therefore puts your head near the ceiling.  Internet connection on the lobby computers was a bit…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great comfortable hotel,The hotel is a bit far out of London central but there is a tub entrance just down the street which brings everything right to you but at night softer a busy day you find yourself in a quiet relaxed community,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Overall this hotel is OK, nothing special, but not as bad as some people are making out.   Good points: - Location is very good.  Short walk from Westfields Shopping Centre, Shepards Bush and Holland Park tube stations.  It takes around 10-15 mins to get into Oxford Street. - Size of the rooms.  The one we stayed in (7104) was quite large, unlike some London hotels where there is literally a bed with no space. - Staff were quite friendly, and after I got a bad room initially (there was a dehumidifier in the room, and the carpet had been washed...not really a bad thing) - I was given free Wifi for the 4 days.  Bad Points - The rooms could do with a real thorough clean.  The cleaning staff do not do a very good job unlike other hotels.  - The lift was ridiculously slow.  Staying…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay.,I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 3 nights in June 2014 in a double deluxe room. It was a very pleasant stay. The room was very clean and spacious. It felt more like a little apartment (minus a kitchen). The staff were excellent and helped out a lot. The breakfast which was included in my stay was really good. I would definitely stay here again!,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst experience,"Incredibly overpriced, dirty rooms, unpolite staff, very small rooms, unstable internet. Staff very unhelpful. Not really sure what else you need me to report. They ask for more money even for towels and bathroom products. The room was incredibly small and priced at a very high rate that really does not compare with that of other much more valuable hotels in the area",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
3031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor service,"Cons: -They charged us 28 pounds from something taken from the minibar we never took. -Housekeeping didn't refill the bathroom with enough toilet paper (we were only two people), so we had to ask the concierge for more.   Pros: -Good location and neighborhood. -Close to the underground station, shopping mall, fast food restaurants and Starbucks etc.  However, we will not be returning to this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cruise boat on land,Tiny rooms. Narrow doors and hallways. Tubs impossible to climb into. Poorly decorated. Hasn't been updated since about the 1970's. Used to be a smoking hotel and still smells of tobacco usage. Not too much in the neighborhood except for Westfields mall and a tube. Definitely skip it. ,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel,"Wasn't our best Hilton experience, room was average, staff could have been more helpful. Location was good.  Advice rom staff for first timers was fair at best. We would not return to this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No complaints,"I don't understand the negative reviews of this hotel. I found the reception staff extremely helpful and friendly, my room was very clean, comfortable and quiet. The breakfast was to the usual Hilton standard and the check out process was smooth. The hotel is easy to reach as it is within walking distance of Shepherd's Bush tube, so not far to reach the sights of London on the Central Line. I would definitely stay at the hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service.  Nice rooms.,Outside looked old but we loved the inside.  Very well treated by staff.  Spent a little more for executive room and saved on breakfast and snacks.    Location is 5 minute walk to massive Westfield Mall and Sheperds Bush Tube station. Bus stops in front.  Really convenient without the higher prices.,None,5.0
3036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Almost Perfect,"Reading other peoples negative reviews, I think we must have been staying at a completely different hotel!  My hubby and I stayed here for our anniversary weekend and we had a thoroughly pleasant stay.  Check in was fast and very courteous and luckily for us we got an upgrade to an exec room with access to the lounge. Our room on the 6th floor was fresh, modern and super clean with a lovely view on the front of the property. It was also exceptionally quiet.  The king size bed was comfortable, the bathroom and shower fab. We were also given a bottle of bubbly in our room to celebrate our anniversary, what a lovely touch!  My husband used the gym, he said that was great.  We used the bar a couple of times but it was ridiculously expensive (£3.80 for a soft drink!!) tended not to…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Slow,Checkout was extremely slow. I was overcharged at the desk and refunded later which took 7 days to process. No apology or explanation was given or was this even explained to me that this was after happening if was only when I went to bank to take out money that I realised I was short.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fancy name for a sub standard hotel,We used this hotel as it was recommended by the tour company we were going to travel with. As a Hilton hotel plus being in Kensington we thought it would be a more upmarket hotel than we would normally stay in. We were sadly mistaken.  The rooms were tatty with rather small beds and no WiFi. The food was extremely expensive and the staff not particularly helpful. I would not recommend this hotel and certainly wouldn't stay there again.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fine for what we paid, but would not have been happy at full price","I stayed at the Hilton Kensington in June on a good lastminue.com deal. For what we paid, which was less than London budget hotel price, the hotel was good. So why only three stars you ask? Well let's see if I can justify that apparently low rating...  First let's start with the good. The location was simply fantastic. On a very pleasant road just along from Kensington Palace and Gardens. For transport the hotel is just a few minutes walk from Shepherd's Bush with great connections into town on the Central Line. We were also seeing a show at the Apollo Hammersmith which was just over 20 minutes to walk. The enormous Westfield shopping complex is also on your doorstep with a large selection of shops and restaurants.  Next let's go with the average... We had a double room on the…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good value in good location,"We stayed again at the Kensington Hilton, having not been there for several years, and were very pleased.  It has been considerably updated and the rooms were freshly redecorated.  As usual with Hilton hotels, the rooms are very clean and the beds comfortable.  I see from some of the other reviews that people found their rooms dated, etc. but the updating programme is ongoing and the public areas have already been done.  The buffet breakfast is huge and  (are there are free computers and printers for guests in the main lobby (Apple and PC). We mostly used the Executive Lounge, in our opinion worth upgrading your room to get access to, as we used it on and off all day for coffee/tea mid-morning, afternoon tea from 3pm-6pm and drinks, hot food and a variety of cold dishes from 6pm…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,1D Visit,"Written on behalf of daughter who went to see one direction in concert  unbelievable rooms very clean and tidy and staff where really friendly, polite and very very helpful.   I stayed with friends and we all really enjoyed our stay and the concert was amazing.  The staff even helped us plan our journey to watch 1D.  Room service was exceptional.  We hope to be staying again later in the year and hope we have as much fun as this trip.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"good value but, but","the hotel is clean, the staff are very good, and the cost very competitive for London.  The hotel is not in Kensington as the title suggests, but is actually in Shepard's Bush two minutes from the Westfield Centre.  Would go back.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but doesn't feel like 4 star,"I recently stayed in this hotel in a double room while on a business trip to London. I am a frequent business traveler so get to stay in a lot of hotels. The hotel in itself was clean, organised, odour free and had polite staff. Everything about the hotel feels like a normal generic hotel with nothing exceptional or memorable to talk about.  The double room was smaller to be considered a double room in my honest opinion. Another problem is transportation. The nearest train station is 5 mins walk away but what isn't obvious is that there are only 3 tube trains in every hour which is quite a turn off if you want to get to the office in the morning on time. If I knew this fact I wouldn't have stayed in the hotel.  In conclusion, if you're after a casual, ordinary and somewhat…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but not what I paid for!,"The hotel was clean, nice and had spacious rooms. However I was very disappointed with having to pay for wifi! With the amount I was paying for the room, free wifi wouldn't have been too hard to give. The air con in the room worked wonders however the hair-dryer and the tv remote were broken. I feel I paid far too much for what I got. Being able to leave our baggage there however was a big plus. The hotel was in a fantastic location for central London and for shopping and bars. I wouldn't stay here again but the hotel had a lot of plus points!",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Place,Stayed there for 4 days. Clean and located at a very good position. Parking place opposite and behind hotel. Very easy to find parking and very close to the shopping mall...  Booked the Business lounge which was quite good and always sparking clean. worth every penny of it!!!,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good exec lounge. Great staff,Best so far of the hotels in London for the lounge. I will be back. Drinks and snacks served with the personal touch. Really nice people who enjoy what they do.  Free wifi for gold members.  The restaurant at the hotel is also good.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay again,"The hotel was in a great location and the staff was very helpful.  We arrived at 7:30am and our room was ready which was a relief after traveling from Los Angeles. The room was a decent size, clean and comfortable.  The one downside, which was truly disappointing when traveling abroad, is that the WiFi is $25 for 24 hours.  You can use computers in the lobby but we needed to get in touch with friends so we had to purchase the WiFi.  Other than that, it was a good hotel and we would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Trip!,"Location was great as was walking distance to Notting Hill, Sheperds bush. Service was great right from reception. Rooms were spacious for London and clean. All these values together consummated in a great trip! I highly recommend Hilton Kensington for visiting London!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Suprised !!,"Booked through Hilton Honors, good value for 2 nights but I didnt feel I was welcomed even though I was a Hilton Honors Member. Front Desk had someonelses profile on my booking not mine upon check in. I had to explain myself to them it was not me on the registration card. Sorted after a while and checked in a very small room with the smallest bath, shower was shorter than my height. I managed but not happy with the service and the room. Asked to change but was told there were big groups at the hotel!! Had to finish my work so didnt bother much. GYM facilities were very limited. No staff there!! Dinner was ok but the service slow, same at Breakfast. Didnt have any problems with internet as I benefit from free internet as being Hilton Honors Member. So I recommend to other viewers…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What...no free WiFi!,"I find it alarming that these days you still find large impressive hotels that offer a very high standard of accommodation and yet WiFi is not a standard inclusion. Here you have to pay for it if you want in-room access, although you can take your tablet or mobile down to the foyer and access it there (where it's free). There is also 6 computer workstations in the foyer too, including a MAC which was a nice touch. These days having WiFi should be as important as having a TV in a room. The room here was nice, spacious, with a desk, armchair and comfortable clean and large bed. Bathroom was fine, good bench space for toiletries. Shower over the bath. Room serviced daily and the staff are friendly and welcoming.  The breakfast here is excellent. It's a large (but not huge) hotel,…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Central West London location,"I got fantastic last minute rates in Agoda. I loved that this hotel was walking distance to Westfield, with a bus stop just outside the hotel. Other plus points was it was clean, with a decent sized room and flat screen tv. The staff went out of their way to be welcoming and polite. I liked the fact that there was good security at night with the front doors locked. My only dissapointment was that there was no towelling or dressing robe in the room! There was no full service restaurant at night - just food at the bar - but with so many eateries a bus ride away , this wasn't a problem . ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disastrous start of 4 day stay,"I just checked in after a long flight. We received an extremely small room with a dirty carpet full of stains and hair. We asked to get a second room, which we got but it was even dirtier, full of strange stains on the carpet and blonde hair all over the floor. This room is marked non smoking but it stinks of stale cigarette smoke. Not to say that I don't have room to open two suitcases at the same time. Total disaster... We are stuck here 4 days and we are really not used to this very low standard, especially from Hilton. What intrigues me is the dirtiness of this place... Please stay away! I will write to Hilton HQ and tell them what I am going through. Will also tweet and make this known because it is ridiculous to pay for this third world standards in central London. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
3053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Value, Service & Location","Public transportation access is key to me when I look for a hotel in a city because it saves money (car park fees) and reduces stress (a train can't veer off course, of course). The Shepherd's Bush tube station is a short walk from this hotel. Holland Park Avenue is on several bus routes with a stop just steps away from the Hilton London Kensington. We also discovered so much to do within walking distance of the hotel. When we arrive from the states we like to walk around to stay awake and help ourselves adjust to the time zone. Holland Park is a beautiful place to explore. We found shops, restaurants and cafes everywhere along our route. The Westfield Mall has a variety of restaurants within a 10 minute walk. Specifically about the hotel - everything was wonderful. The staff…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,KINDNESS...FIRST OF ALL,"very good locatio,all the people very kind,good room ,good fitness center,for me very important,with sauna,i'll return. people that work in this hotel speaks every language and this make more easy everythingh for the guests",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,This is the second time that I have visited this hotel and wont be the last!! I arrived on Saturday morning at 10.30 and was delighted that a room was already available. As we are Gold members we were upgraded and were able to use the Executive Lounge. The lounge was excellent with all needs catered for and very attentive staff. Which is lovely as often you really feel that you are just in a room with a few nibbles but with no one to  help you. Breakfast service was very efficient and offered a good selection. Concierge were wonderful and nothing was too much trouble. Overall an excellent hotel in a great location. Will be back again,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay!,"We just returned from our stay at the Hilton London Kensington Hotel.  This was a return stay for us, and this stay was even better than the first!  We arrived on my birthday, and had requested an upgrade, which was granted by the extremely welcoming staff!  The surprise treat and drinks that arrived soon after our check-in was a testament to the personal service that they provide. As Hilton Honors Gold members, we enjoyed access to the well-stocked Executive Lounge, as well as a great buffet breakfast each morning! Special mention should be noted for the terrific concierge staff; Rashid and Tim go ""over & above"" to be sure that guests' concerns are quickly addressed. The nearby shopping mall, and the wonderful transportation choices (bus at the doorstep & 2 underground stops)…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"We stayed here for our wedding anniversary and could not praise the hotel enough. Every member of staff we encountered wished us a happy anniversary! We were given complimentary champagne and an upgrade for breakfast on one day which was great.  The hotel itself had large rooms (as far as London goes) and is in a good location- right across the road from Westfield shopping centre, 2 minutes walk from Shepherds bush station.   The breakfast is great- buffet style that catered for all dietary needs if you ask.  Great hotel- we will definitely be back",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lots of problems...but dealt with very well,"Check in a lengthy wait. Only 2 beds/towels in a room for 3! 1 tea bag upon arrival. Sticky juice marks on bed side. All that aside, after complaining we were put right and looked after very well. Excellent breakfast. All in all a nice hotel, good location.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good all round hotel......,Stayed here now on 2 occassions and this last visit was better than the 1st. So would definitely recommend this as a central London hotel for business or pleasure. Excellent breakfast also.....  It is also in a good location for shopping with a large shopping center nearby + some great bistro restaurants on your doorstep,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hugely disappointing for a Hilton,"The only thing that was Hilton about this hotel was the name sadly. Was here on business with high hopes but the room was very cramped. My room was also beside a staff room where there was a lot of clattering about (I was lucky I had ear plugs with me!). Had a meal in the bar but the waiting staff forgot my colleague's chips and my pepper sauce. Despite chasing this up, they forgot again about my pepper sauce (and by this time I had all but finished my steak). My shower door was broken and had to use my foot to keep it closed without water getting everywhere. Had to open the bathroom door when I got out of the shower because there wasn't enough room to swing a cat in it. The only things I liked were the little convenience/ gift shop and breakfast. Very disappointing indeed.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
3061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Return after many years,"First and foremost the friendliness of staff was outstanding. I had checked in and later came down to report a couple of problems, the lady at reception remembered my name and room number. Very impressed. Hotel itself is a little old in appearance. Bar downstairs rather loud and service really slow. Breakfast buffet not particularly impressive. Executive lounge really quite disappointing. Afternoon tea really poor. Young lady cleaning the service area was loud, dropped things and was not respectful of guests. Rooms a little shabby. Safe high so difficult to reach. Also quite loud could hear next door room and people in corridor. Overall ok but apart from staff not outstanding.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very tatty room,"We stayed here for the Froch v's Groves fight. Carpet in room was stained, furniture was cheap looking and from the 80's. Shower curtain was all ripped, bath panel falling apart, the floor in bathroom was all chipped. Wallpaper in bedroom was torn and dirty. Not at all what I was expecting from a well known name like the Hilton. I have worked in the Hilton Glasgow along with a few other hotels and if I had any complaints about a room it would get sorted. The whole of this hotel needs rejuvenated. Also if you ask concierge to phone you a taxi you will be charged double of normal price. I know this because the taxi driver told me himself. Reason being the concierge get the extra money. So you are better calling a taxi yourself. Would never stay here again. Shocking hotel.…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,nothing special,"Paid £112 for one night, and didn't feel it was great value for money. The room was fine, but nothing special and the ""free wifi"" only allowed you up to one hour on the internet if you were willing to sit in reception. They tried to charge me £15 to use wifi in my room.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Cannot fault my 2-night stay here in May 2014! Fantastic hotel, highly recommended and a credit to the Hilton brand. The advance purchase weekend deal with breakfast was fantastic value and worked out cheaper than many budget hotels in London. Great for a trip to the Royal Albert Hall close by and well located for bus and tube.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Half/half,"I stayed here for business, and the location was good, because I had business at Queen Charlotte's Hospital, and this was the closest Hilton. Overall, the hotel had some very good and some not-so-good aspects.  The good: The staff were very friendly. The concierge was extremely helpful, and I arrived without an electrical socket converter, and the concierge promptly gave me one! The hotel is also located across the road from a huge shopping mall. That was great, as all the amenities and food options were there. Also, the Shepherd's Bush tube station was there, so, access all over was easy. Teresa V. in the Executive Lounge was a gem, and always very helpful and very efficient and friendly.   The bad: (i) The hotel is not in Kensington, it is in Shepherd's Bush, and I find the…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A bit tired,"I stayed here for business. The hotel is ok for a couple of days. It's a bit tired and could use a good remodel with new carpets, fresh paint, etc.  On the plus side, the location is good and the executive lounge is quite nice.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So much wrong,"Very disappointed in the Hilton.  I travel a lot for business and was not pleased.  I would not recommend this hotel.  Cons Connecting room door is acoustically transparent allowing me to hear the every nuance of crying child, and later the endless conversations of the tourists that occupied the room next door during my stay.  (If I didn't need to sleep, and if they spoke English, it might have been entertaining.)  No electricity near the bed.  I mean, not on the nightstand, not on the lamp, not under the bed, not on the built-in headboard--no where!  I asked the hotel front desk just to make sure, and they said, yes, it is crazy. The closest plug is across the room at the desk, diagonally opposite the bed.  Not convenient for keeping phone/alarm running, watching movies or…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"mid-point location to town, average experience (which is good)","Hilton Heathrow (one of my favs) was full, so I ended up here on recent business trip.  The location could be fair, or bad, depending on where you need to visit.  I'd say it's about midway between airport and town, and makes getting to either a bit of an effort, especially depending on traffic (which can be horrid).  The proximity to Holland park is pretty cool, especially for fans of the ritzy houses as well as park-lovers, walkers/runners.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,"For basically an old London hotel this is still in good shape.  Admittedly the rooms are small, but reasonable well appointed with comfortable beds.  Super location with the choice of 3 tube stations, plus tour and regular buses right outside the hotel.  Walking distance to Notting Hill, Portobello Road, and Kensington Hight St, which means good shops and restaurants. Staff are good, especially Anthony at the concierge desk.  Breakfasts are awesome, with a really good ""full English"", but service can be slow at times.  Good bar but expensive compared to local pubs nearby.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Accomodations for Exploring London,"We stayed here for a mix of business and fun.  The hotel was very comfortable, albeit a little pricey.  The service and accomodations were nice, and the morning breakfast exceeded expectations.  The location is nice for taking a cab, but, or the train.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor service,"Though the hotel is very convenient located, the service is very poor. The size of the room is astonishing. I would definitely not recommend this hotel stay. The access to the parking lot is so narrow and congested. Definitely worth a skip.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing overprized hotel,"i stayed for 6 nights in this hotel with my wife , last october/november, to allow her a relaxing stay after a surgery...it WAS A MISTAKE!  first affected to floor 2 deluxe room, which was ridiculously small! extremely smelling bad, even the corridor which was a smoking rooms. the bed was very uncomfortable and...it was moving! seriously guys, this is a 4stars Hilton brand. whatever, once i complaind, they changed my room, but even when i requested a sort of supervisor or manager, they didn't consider us such important to show up. the room was bof, nothing to mention. same very uncomfortable bed. the mini bar couldn't be open, even by a technician..yep! bathroom, realy disapointing.  breakfast was fine, waiters were great. we tried the restaurant - not bad. the only highlight in…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,Safe location especially for solo traveller returning late at night from the tube station... Convenient too with car rental services available within hotel and about 5 mins walk to Westfield Shopping Centre providing more dining choices and shopping much more accessible. Hair dryer was missing from the room but was brought to the room soon after call. ,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Vastly overpriced,"The Hotel is conveniently located for any business in the area and being beside Shephards Bush Tube Station means you're well placed for any travel in London. Coming from LHR just get the Heathrow Express to Paddington and then get the circle or district line to Notting Hill Gate and then central line to Holland Park. That's just three stops on the Tube.   The Hotel is fine, but it's way overpriced. People will say that's London for you, but that's no excuse. The rooms are very small. You're really boxed in. The rooms are clean enough and quiet, but worth the money you pay.  Breakfasts are good, nice buffet. It's very busy in the morning as can be imagined.   It's an average Hotel, not of the best Hilton's I've stayed in over the years.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hilton in a nice leafy area,"We stayed at the Hilton London Kensington and the start was great with a very personal email from Ylenia. That was a very nice start of a lovely weekend. My upgrade request was honoured, so we were upgraded to an Executive Room with access to the lounge, which was very pleasant, and the room was quiet at the backside of the hotel. Next to that my wife had an early check-in, so all in all the start of the stay was fabulous.   The location of the hotel is perhaps a bit away from Central London, however it is very close to Holland Park with the fantastic Kyoto Gardens which we visited 2 times during our stay. On the way to the tube station Holland Park you'll pass many nice shops and restaurants. It is a pleasant walk through a leafy street of perhaps 7-8 minutes at most. Then you…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok,Got this as a secret hotel on Laterooms. More Shepards Bush than Kensington The offer was good value for this standard  of Hotel. Breakfast buffet was a bit uninspiring. Lacked variety.  Had the bare minimum of a wide choice. Did not quite reach the 4* standard.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great as usual.,"I forgot to put a note on the booking that my husband was going to check in first. He called me and the Front Desk person was very nice and helpful. I'd also double-booked so she reminded me to cancel the 2nd reservation so we wouldn't be penalized for a no-show - I had forgotten about that! He had also arrived early but they were able to check him in. The Hilton Kensington is a hotel we've used every year for the last 5 years whenever we are in London and I must say their standards have been consistent and their staff quite helpful.  For anyone who is in London and can afford the Hilton rates, this is, in my opinion,  the best located Hilton - it's in a quiet area but a few minutes walk from the Westfield Shopping centre, a Cinema and the Shepherd's Bush Tube station which is…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Handy for Westfield,"Just back from a 2 night stay in the Kensington Hilton. As we booked the rooms via Secret a Hotels we got good value. The hotel is not very central but handy for the Notting Hill area and for a quick shopping trip to Westfield which is only 5 minutes down the road. Checking in was swift and professional, the room  and especially the bathroom were on the small side but adequate for a short stay. Noise levels are low and beds comfortable so we had a good night's sleep. Breakfast was very average,  I advice guests to have their night caps in the nearest pub as the bar bill was extortionate!",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Some really good points and some really - Mixed opinion,"Check in was easy and actually out of the hundreds of hotels I've stayed at, I felt a bit of personal; service and greeted genuinely nicely and no fake 'HELLO SIIIRR""   The reception lady must have seen that I had a long day travelling (I looked like hell) and actually quietly offering me a room upgrade. I declined as it was a twin rom and I needed a double bed but the offer was still very refreshing.  Good points:  -The check in staff and first impressions -Gym - Although it was small is had good equipment inside. I can imagine in a hotel this size though that could get busy very quickly, I went around 4PM. -Clean rooms and nice bed  Where the could improve  -I ordered an iron to do my shirt for heading out to meet friends - Took 3 calls and 20 minutes. not impressed at that at…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Too far from tube,"Loved the residential feel of the neighborhood with convenient fruit stands and grocers. Not much around in terms of restaurants, nightlife or things to see or do. Long walk to the tube station, very inconvenient as the line to Kensington Olympia only runs on special occasion. Larger than average rooms for London but nothing special. ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Very high standard. Clean and nice room with comfortable bed. Not the most interesting area, as it is quite far from London's main attractions, but Shepherd's Bush tube/bus station is just 5 minutes walk away so getting to central London is done easily. All in all very satisfied with my stay!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend based at the Kensington Hilton,"I cannot speak too highly of the service and environment offered at The Kensington Hilton, which is an ideal base from which to visit parts of the city.  The 94 bus passes outside the entrance and links west to Central London.  The hotel iself is quiet, clean and efficiently run by friendly staff.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London hotel,"I stayed at this hotel 2 nights on separate occasions. The first time I had a terrible sleep due to the extremely hard mattress, but thought that it might be just me. My mother was travelling with me, and she also didn't sleep well. Then when we stayed there a week later, the same thing happened. Although this hotel is clean, modern and friendly, the bed was extremely uncomfortable, a huge disappointment, I was expecting much more from this hotel chain.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NOT THE HILTON I AM USED TO,"I have been a HH member for many years and never been treated so poorly as at this dump. The staff attitude was awful; the supposed upgrade took one from on stinking hellhole to another. Small and cramped, if one wants to change one's  mind you have to get out of the room. The only redeeming factor for this place is the concierge staff who were extremely helpful and especially the cheerful guy ( I am so sorry that I lost his name but he was certainly from Chinese or Japanese origin) who got us a car to take us to Gatwick at 4:45 am. and negotiated a discount.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel! :),"We checked in a lovely room on the 7th floor with access to the executive lounge. The room was nice and clean and the view was very nice. The location is perfect! All the staff was lovely and professional, especially all the bell boys there were so funny :) plus the bed was so comfy!!! thank you for a nice stay! we will be back!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,pleasant stay,We had a pleasant stay with a good breakfast. Unfortunately my duvet cover had a tear in the corner and there was a small hole in the floor near to the door frame in the bathroom. Not up to the usual hilton experience,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, nice staff, relatively cheap","Great service, I got to check in earlier than stated and received a room upgrade which was appreciated. The staff are lovely, from the concierge to the bar staff to reception to the cleaners. The beds are comfortable and I slept well.  The rooms are small but well equip and everything was to a high standard. I would stay again without hesitation.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Housekeeping Stole my Things,"It is a terrible feeling to return to your hotel room to find your things have been rifled through and a lot is missing.  Unfortunately this was my experience at the hotel:  clothes moved between drawers, shopping bags emptied and some items (shoes, clothes and toileteries)  simply removed.   After filing a complaint, an investigation was carried on and it turns out that the maid had 'assumed I had checked out' and given the room a 'final clean'.  Apparently a final clean involved throwing out all your things that you may have left behind.  This is disturbing in itself.  I also don't buy the final clean story, as not everything was taken.  Unpacking shopping that you don't want and placing it in a drawer is a clear give away. So now the hotel has admitted fault, and promised to…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience in London,"We loved the hotel overall, great staff service, breakfast was fabulous with vegetarian options.  Lounge was great, mid-century modern like design, attentive staff and lots of televisions.  Close to tube, new mall and Notting Hill.  Only issue is you must like hard mattresses, but they gave us extra down comforters for padding.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad customer Service,"I was here for business, and upon arrival I did not find the staff very helpful, in fact found them judgemental. I went to my room with no directions or help and found that it lacked character or professionalism. In the morning it was a little different the lady at the front desk was very helpful and pleasant I just wish she had helped me the night before as the whole stay was uncomfortable. Also the rooms for what you pay are small, and though are clean are a bit dated in area's. This is not the best Hilton I have stayed in, and I will not be telling people to stay here. Instead I be telling them not to.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"If you love shopping, this hotel is perfect","I stayed there for New Year last year. Since we booked last minute, it was difficult to find a hotel in the city center.  However it was a good surprise! I was planning on doing some shopping as well and it couldn't be a better location! Westfield is across the street!   The room was great! It was clean and enough for two people. The bathroom was clean with a great shower.   However if it's your first time in London, find a hotel closer to the city center, you will have to spend a lot of time on the subway to join all the major sites.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay for my daughters' birthday,"I stayed at this hotel this a couple of day to bring my daughter on a shopping spree, the location is great, the hotel is based in front of a bus stop and a 5 minute walk from shepherd's bush tube station and Westfield. The porters took good care of our luggage and brought it up to our room quickly. The concierge (Antony) gave us maps and showed us everything we needed to know about, near the hotel. We were checked in by a young fella (thomas) who mentioned being on work experience, although being fast, accurate, helpful, funny and very welcoming I find it hard to believe. The room was clean, a bit small but we only used the room to sleep at night, we were out during the day, some teabags were missing but we didnt use any anyways, the bathroom was to die for. The breakfast,…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This hotel is nice and has an excellent location for both underground (central line) and overground (to Gatwick).   It is about 5 mins walk to Westfield shopping centre, which is great for being able to drop the bags back after too much shopping!  The hotel is a solid standard Hilton. If you want luxury, it won't please you. If you want a good hotel in a good location at a good price, this is the place for you.   The first room we were allocated had a king bed but I wasn't able to sleep easily as the mattress was a bit bouncy. The next day, we asked for a twin room and the staff were very accommodating.   The executive lounge was excellent with drinks, generous breakfast selection, and various nibbles during the afternoon.   We look forward to visiting again in a few months time.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,Stayed for three nights (Executive Room). Excellent bedding and good service. Breakfast was a little bit dissapointing (limited choice). The Hotel is located in a pleasant area (Kensington) and the nearest tube station is just a 5 minute walk.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Oldest 11 year old hotel,"If I will base the built date of this hotel to the elevator (2003) then this must be the oldest 11 year old hotel ever.   Pros:  Warm Staff. Kind and accommodating concierge service.  Nice water shower pressure.  Good location. Very near to the tube station.  Spacious closet and bed space. Fast internet (free limited to lobby with optional room access by purchase).  Cons: Antique Rooms, feels like early 90's settings. Some rooms even sport an old first issue flat screen tvs. Old bathroom design and settings.  Furniture and fixture need an urgent refabrication. No free internet access which should be standard by now.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"I stayed at the Hilton as I had a very early eye operation booked at Optical Express within the Westfield shopping centre, and I wanted to avoid the hassle of very early commuters.   This Hotel is an easy, safe, 5 minute walk from the Westfield   My room was quiet and comfortable - even though the hotel is situated on a major road junction. The staff were all very helpful and friendly.  I didn't use the bar or restaurant so can't comment on those.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit to London,"We stayed recently on a Saturday night, came into London with friends, checked in and were originally on a different floor to our friends, asked if we could swap to be on same floor and reception happy to do this. Bedroom and Bathroom were clean, huge bed, lots of wardrobe space and drawers for clothes etc,  was impressed to find full size iron! All staff very friendly and welcoming, great breakfast with plenty of choice. Great secure underground parking. Got complimentary late check out too.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,More Shepherds Bush than Kensington,We stayed here for a weekend in London. Hotel is right at edge of Borough of Kensington and Chelsea - just beside Shepherd's Bush tube station. Hotel could do with some refurbishment . The check in was really good - as we had arrived by plane early and wanted to leave our luggage but they managed to get us a room early and were very helpful. The bedroom was comfortable but bathroom could do with updating. There is very little to do in the area - unless you want to go to Westfield Shopping Centre. Overall hotel was ok but nothing special,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very small room,"Room is very small and a little old but relatively clean.. Location is good as tube station and bus stop to oxford street is very near by.. There are eateries, malls and supermarkets near by as well..",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but very small rooms!,Have just spent a weekend at Hilton Kensington.  We found the hotel to be very clean but the rooms are pretty small and the bathrooms tiny.  Ours had a sliding door and that says it all! Our room faced on to the very busy roundabout at Shepherds Bush and it was very noisy if we left the window open.  The breakfast was very nice.  Plenty choice and all freshly cooked.  ,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value in a great location,"Stayed three nights here recently and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Location is perfect. Five minutes from the amazing Westfield shopping centre,and Shepherds Bush underground. You can also walk to Hyde Park in about 40 minutes (as we did due to the tube strike). The staff here were excellent,very welcoming and helpful. The bar/ lounge manager treated everyone like royalty,other far more expensive hotels in London could learn from him. Room was good size and very clean. Wouldn't hesitate to return here next time in London.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A friendly hotel,"The Hilton London Kensington hotel is situated within easy distince  of West London. Nice neighborhood. The room are very small by US standards, as are the king size beds (actually queen size).  Everything was well kept up. Cost of in room internet was high as was the breakfast.  Room cost is moderate by London standards.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cramped Quarters,"My wife and I checked into the Hilton London Kensington as Hilton Honor’s guests on a Saturday for a 3 night stay.  Check-in went smoothly.  We had booked a standard double room thru our travel agent. What we got was a very small, no, tiny room on the 2nd floor.  Putting it another way, if both my wife and I decided to move in the room at the same time we had to be going in the same direction.  Only one person at a time could pass below the bed - it was that close to the opposite wall.  The view was part street (in the rear) and part hotel wall.  A short time later on our way out to sight-see, we suggested to the reception person who had checked us in that the room was not what we had anticipated as a Hilton Honor’s member.  I explained that we barely had room for us and our…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent breakfast considering mass production,"Check-in was poor. We had booked and fully paid in advance for two deluxe executive rooms. I provided confirmation of the booking that provided names to make it easy for checking in. For some bizarre reason the male check-in clerk could not seem to allocate the second room. A female check-in clerk assisted and there was some quiet debate. When I asked if there was a problem I was told no. After taking far too long we were eventually given our keys. The rooms I feel were only called Executive because they had a desk. The bed was comfortable. There were two teabags each (no hot chocolate) but there was a couple of biscuits. Two shower gels. I would not want to pay full rates for this hotel (we got discounted rates via Expedia) Parking reasonably priced for London, although not the…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,STAFF ATTITUDE,"Stayed at this hotel between 24th and 28th April 2014 on my way to the US. It has the usual Hilton façade and facilities. The proximity to public transport (Bus 94 takes you from your room to Piccadilly Circus through Marble Arch /Oxford Street virtually and the Westfield mall /Shepherd Bush Underground are a stone throw away. (I enjoyed tremendously, not the Executive Lounge – could not see anything exclusive there after all as I stay off alcohol during my vacation - but the Gym/Sauna/Steam. However, I encountered a bout of attitude from a staff (coincidentally of my own color).  I had gone to the Gym in the morning and afterwards had a shower there then proceeded to breakfast at the EL but found out that my card will not open the door. I returned to the Front desk and made a…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"Stayed in this hotel twice during the month of April, once was a planned stay and the other was not. Booking experience both times were great and both done via the Hilton website.   The check in experience was also very efficient and fast. My mother and I had just arrived 2 hours before off a 22.5 hour flight so we were delighted. We checked in to our room at 8am and freshened up. The bedrooms were a good size the the bathroom was clean.  We were given a room on the second floor (2014) which was a twin room, overlooking the main road and the beautiful gardens across the road. It was a non smoking room but the only problem was that the hallways were absolutely overtaken by the smell of smoke as half of Level 2 had smoking rooms. Absolutely horrific and powerful smell. You would…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Miserable experience,"Avoid this hotel as it will depress you.  Not only is it expensive, its is less 'Holand Park' and more 'shepherds bush roundabout' I bought it through Lastminute.com's secret hotels and it was over sold as a luxury 4* in Holand Park.  Despite paying almost £200 per night for a room out of the city, when I asked for a large room with a view facing the front, I was given an absolutely tiny room and told 'that's normal for London', (despite the fact I stay here in hotels every week). facing the back, with a view of the air conditioning units. I was charged extra to park my car in the hotels car park, damaged my wheels on the badly designed parking bays, charged for internet use, charged £12.50 for my breakfast cup of tea, etc., etc., The only ray of light was the concierge who was…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as expected,"Overall  I constantly travel for work and am in hotels 3-4 nights a week clocking up over 150 room nights last year. I have stayed in the Hilton Kensington only once as my other choices were booked out.  As this is a Hilton product I knew I would be safe and get a basic standard, The hotel is right across from the shepherds bush tube station on a large roundabout.  My first impression was that this was an older hotel.  I arrived late at night (approx 10pm) so there was little queue at reception.  There is an exec lounge but it closes at 10 so I couldn’t use that.  Was checked in and given just a basic room – no upgrade but don’t always expect that as a diamond member.  I was in 2218 which was a family joining room and my neighbours were so noisy i got hardly any sleep.   Not my…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location,"Close to tube station and bus stops.Easy access to main shopping and theatre areas. The rooms are clean and well equipped,and reasonable quiet considering the location.  The staff very polite and helpful",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok Hotel. Not a great value.,"We stayed here for a couple nights in April 2014.  Check in was a little interesting.  Most of the people working here seem to be from France and English is not their primary language.  I did not understand the front desk person very clearly.  We specifically requested a non-smoking room and they put us in a smoking room.  We claled down to the front desk and got it switched but it took about 30 minutes. Our room was small but had a lot of outlets.  I love it when hotels have outlets next to the bed. I think that is a must nowadays. I booked my hotel on Booking.com in advance and I got a good deal but right after we booked the rates were much higher.  Changing 200pounds a night is rediculous for this place.  Hotel bar was nice.  The gym was average size and had free weights,…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,this was a very friendly hotel and all the staff were helpful The hotel was in a nice location with the 94 bus stop just outside the rooms were of a good size and very clean. I can highly recommend this hotel,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dated blot on the landscape.,"This hotel is poor and I am amazed it has got 4 stars.  I would dispute 3.  I stayed during a busy period for over £200/night in a standard room.  I see others have paid less than half this recently.  Fair enough to charge more when the demand is high but this was just a rip off.  The room was cramped and all low quality, tired fittings that were very dated.  Even the bath was a particularly small space saver size.  From outside it was clear I was going to be disappointed.  The building looks like a cheap inner city council apartment block.  It is the worst piece of architecture in the area and drags the surrounding area down.  It really just needs levelling.  I wouldn't be surprised if it was on wind down for exactly that.  The staff were friendly and helpful, but this was so…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
3113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Still a good choice,"I have stayed here twice recently and would have to say it is as good as ever. Renovations appear to have finished, at least for now, which is good. Check in is always smooth and quick especially at the HHonors desk, with rooms invariably ready prior to standard 3 pm check in time. Rooms are small but this is London and it is only really a place to sleep. I would prefer just a shower instead of a bath shower as I am quite tall. Exec room has good choices of food and drinks available and it appears the menus have changed over the past 6 months or so - only issue regards the amount of seafood being served at night. Just my preference but I don't like fish!! I will certainly keep on returning.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,There are better hotels,"I am a hilton regular and Have stayed here a few times, but has gone downhill. Rooms jaded and computer booking system leaves a lot to be desired. Key resets and lounge card not working caused some wasted time, but staff friendly. I'll be avoiding this one going forward though, unless it's the cheapest at the time of booking.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,West London stay,"Nice hotel, nice staff, great location for West London. Close to Kensington, public transport and Westfield shopping centre, Shepherds Bush, Central Line tube nearby for travel straight into Central London.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good base, nice setting and perfect for west end and shopping, within easy reach of the sights!","Great hotel, hilton standard across 95% of hotel, and what you'd expect for the price I paid £95 a night, so this is very good for London and location!   Stayed in 4055, was a standard room, sure there are better sized, this one has a bath if you prefer that to a shower as well.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"Although the rooms are quite bijou, they are very well appointed.  Bathroom and bedroom were very clean and in good condition.  The staff were very pleasant, especially in the bar area, where you can get a pretty decent cup of coffee any time.  Our only disappointment was the lack of attention at breakfast.  Not only did the staff attempt to bunch us up next to other guests each morning, even though there were many tables available, it was a challenge to get the attention of staff for a hot drink.  The breakfast was not bad, but nothing to write home about.  Obviously being a few minutes walk from the fabulous Westfield shopping centre, means it is a hotel well worth revisiting.  For a city centre hotel, it was pretty good value.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not good value for money,A lot of disruption for a one night stay. Had to move rooms because of the smell of sewage in the bathroom. New room didn't smell much better. Tired decor. Door keys constantly failing so multiple trips back to reception to get them reprogrammed.  Lots of wasted time.  Staff very friendly though.,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
3119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton london kensington,"Arrived around lunchtime on good Friday, quick and helpful check in - was told I was upgraded to an exec suite on high floor ( Hilton diamond member)........and room was ready!......room was kind of two rooms zipped together via a connecting door, a little strange but however it was nice and large......bed very comfy, bath, shower and two toilets in fact two of everything, kettles , soaps, sets of mineral water......We went out for the afternoon and returned in the eve ......we used the sauna and steam room ( small but clean and nice) and did notice slight smell of ungasel in steam room but it wasn't  problem........later we went to the exec lounge to relax with a glass of wine or two, I've  got to say this is a great lounge, nice canapés, friendly staff who served the…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Buisness Stay at Kensington Hilton,"The hotel was clean and after staying for a number of weeks I felt that I had a more personal service and found that the staff are always helpful.   I was let down by the scope of the menu at the hotel, as there are no vegan options. However, with WestFields at your doorstep there was no real limitation of options for food.   I would stay and I am planning on staying again,",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location so close to tube station and Westfield shopping center. Staff very helpful and room clean and serviced each day. Concierge very helpful, maps of city available. Free internet service in the lobby. Lots of shops and restaurants around the area. On the red circle line therefore you will be in oxford street in ten mins. Quite location",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a four star,The room was not kept up well. The furnishing need to be updated. the carpet was stained in multiple areas and was not well vacuumed.  I found hairs allover the bathroom and the comforter had makeup stains on it. The bathroom counter looked like there were toothpaste stains all over it.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a typical Hilton - much better than that!,"I have stayed in this hotel many times over the years and it simply gets better and better. Effortless check in, offer of free paper and transfer of lugge to room and I was complimentary upgraded to a junior suite. Rooms are smart and only tiny thing is the TV reception is not great (if this is the only thing I could fault it shows how pleased I was). Nice open modern bar with large TVs to watch the football. Breakfast choice is extensive. What shines out is the Executive Lounge. Wow. Best I have encountered in the UK by far (Doubletree look and learn). Will stay in this hotel even if it means travelling a little further within London than if Ihad stayed nearer to my end destination.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great short break,"We statyed in this hotel as a birthday weekend for my wife (taking in  westfield shopping centre that is a short 5 min walk away) from the moent we walked in we had a great welcome. the hotel was spotless. we also had dinner in the ""west eleven"" restuarant which i have to say was excellent. The staff were fantastic and the food was excellent. we would recommend this hotel to all of our friends and would definatly stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quietly accessible,"The hotel is easily accessible from two nearby underground stations, which allows quick travel to London's west end. Room 3063 - situated at the rear of the hotel provides a quite environment for a good nights sleep, even when keeping the windows open during the night.  Kingsize bed, desk and light beech furnishings provides a modern feel, especially with the large flat screen tv.  The bathroom is small but does have a bath with shower over, and has good water pressure. Although the hotel is large and busy, 6 lifts provides very little wait time.  Did not have breakfast here, although if you pre-book the night before you will be offered a discount on the walk up rate.  Plenty of eating establishments in close proximity - especially the large shopping mall near by.  This is my…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Ok, but probably not worth the price","The room & facilities were Ok but probably not worth the room rate charged, when compared to Hilton Hotels we have stayed in, in Australia.  The room was only small (especially when an additional single bed squeezed in to accommodate 3rd person), however the double bed, breakfast and concierge staff were all positives.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay at Hilton Kensington,"My daughter and I had a fabulous week's stay at the hotel.   My daughter had been staying there for business and I joined her for vacation time.  We received excellent service from Andrew Pinfold, who I believe is the restaurant manager.  He took exceptional care of us and was always pleasant and personal.  Thank you Andrew - you rock!     I'd also like to give compliments to Antony the concierge.  He was extremely helpful when my flight was cancelled due to the Lufthansa pilot's strike.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for short stays,"The hotel was great but the room itself and hence the closet/wardrobe/storage space was minimal. Would not recommend this hotel other than for a short stay. We stayed a week and found it impossible to hang all our clothes, etc.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice stay, a bit outdated","I had a very nice stay here on a business trip not long ago, with my partner coming with me.  The hotel from outside itself, does look a bit dated, the bar decor also. The rooms are nice, but a bit small. And I had not complaints with the beds itself.  The staff were very helpful both in the bar and at reception. In particular, for when we could not book a taxi, they hotel had a chauffeur service to take us to our restaurant. Much nicer than a cab!  I would recommend staying here. And would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A better than average hotel,"The hotel is on the whole, quite good. The breakfast is good and has a large choice. The rooms are reasonably modern, and have a table for a laptop.  But as usual for most hotels, this ""work table"" is coupled with a stupid dining room chair that is too low, and completely lacking in ergonomics. The phone system seems a bit dodgy, I tried to call reception about 5 times and kept getting ""dropped"".",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice staff but let down by some details so expensive,"Friendly staff but slightly disappointed in some of the finer details. Room pretty small, towel rail coming off wall, TV reception a bit poor. Expensive for what you get, but decent location by royal crescent, westfield, shepherds bush & the central line. ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hilton in Central London,"I stayed her for work in April 2014 and had a lovely two nights at this excellent hotel. I have stayed at Hiltons many times before and they are hit and miss but this particular Hilton is lovely and much nicer than the Hilton down the road at Olympia. The hotel has a few places to eat as well as room service and the staff are very welcoming and friendly. The rooms are spacious and modern and there is no noise pollution so a good nights sleep is a guarantee here. The breakfast in the morning was excellent, offering continental, vegetarian and meat options alongside normal toast and cereals. There is a gym facility, however being only a 10 minute walk from Westfield I chose shopping over the gym! Overall I had an excellent stay here and will definitely return in the future. ",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, below average hotel, not a typical Hilton","Great location near west gate shopping centre and tube. Lovely London suburb, two stops from earls court exhibition centre. Hotel itself not at the usual hilton standard, rooms very disappointing, ok if you havnt paid touch but you will be very disappointed if paid a premium. Very tired, cramped and not the quietest. Breakfast ok and plentiful but the bar is one of the most expensive I have encountered at this level. Below average but in a decent location, don't pay more than £100 or you will be disappointed. ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton happiness,"Hilton London Kensington is located very close to London  underground and bus services, Westfield Shopping Mall, Notting Hill, Hyde Park and only a 30 min walk from the Albert Hall, Victoria and Albert Museum, Natural History Museum and Science Museum as well as all the other tourist attractions of West London. It is comfortable with friendly, helpful staff and rates are reasonable, although expect to pay a premium at weekends.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location & directly on Central Line,"After arriving at Paddington on the Heathrow Express, it was a GBP15 taxi ride to Hilton Kensington located on Holland Park Avenue. I had stayed at the Hotel about 20 years ago so was not expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms had been updated and although I had made the mistake of booking the junior suite which was just another connecting room, I found the space useful as I turned it into my office for the 5 day duration of my stay.  Check in was fast and I was in my room within 10 minutes. Not having free wifi in this day and age was annoying but they did offer 45 minutes free access in the lobby daily but more importantly there was 6 computer terminals that was connected online with a printer. As I tend to keep all my documents on the cloud, I found I was just…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than the Olympia Hilton,"Stayed at the Hilton Kensington and Hilton Olympia in succession and can say that the Kensington has better rooms, less noise and a better breakfast. However, it has a slightly less convenient location, but is right by Shepherds Bush tube right on the Central line.   Overall the Kensington wasn't a bad hotel with a comfortable bed and suitable amenities. I unfortunately didn't get a chance to use the gym facilities in the end so couldn't comment on those.   Only niggle is that my television seemed to have a life of its own! I had trouble getting it to find signal and it kept intermittently turning itself on and off during the night (which was a bit freaky!). I ended up turning this off at the wall in the end and leaving well alone...however I would stay again when in London.   ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Staff are good, hotel not so","Rooms are tired and need updating. Don't bother getting a suite, it is basically 2 rooms connected and not overly luxurious.  Staff were excellent, but everything is an extra.  Want wifi in the room? that will be £15 please!! Ridiculous",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Great hotel fairly close to the Ideal Homes Exhibition. Also a paradise for shoppers with the very impressive Westfield shopping centre 2 minutes walk away. Rooms were of the usual standard - executive lounge great if unfortunately marred by a party with 5 small children at times. I would happily use this hotel for every London Trip. Sheperds bush tube is just 2 minutes walk away with central line access to the city centre.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,"This was a very nice and clean hotel.  The staff were extremely nice and helpful.  The only problem was the check in process was very slow.  We had flown from the US and were very tired and it took about 20-30 minutes to complete the check in.  The rooms were not suppose to be ready until 2:00 but we were able to get into ours by 12:00 pm.  But when we stayed at the end of our tour, we got in at 4:00 pm and one of our rooms was not ready.  It is very close to the tube and there are city busses that stop right in front of the hotel on a continuous basis and the hop on/hop off busses stop right in front of the hotel.  Right across the street and the roundabout is the Westfield Mall, one of the largest malls in Europe I'm told.  Overall, I would recommend this hotel and stay there…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel fine - be wary of location,No problem with this hotel - although a bit pricey at £200 per night. Room and service very good. I would however just caution on the location - it is more Shepherd's Bush than Kensington.   Sayinng that there are some great gastro pubs and restaurants within walking distance and if shopping is your thing you are right beside Westfield Shopping Centre.  If you are in London on business just make sure this is the right location for you as it's a pretty far west of the west end!!,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal Homes Show visit,"4 ladies booked 2 twin rooms. Porter on our arrival offered to help with luggage. Hotel lobby area was large tho a little dark. Arrived earlier than check-in time and although the rooms were not ready we were accommodated into the executive lounge while we waited. The facilities in the lounge were great - spacious area, computer access, good selection of snacks and drinks and very and staff very pleased to help. This was true of the staff throughout our stay, and in all areas of the hotel.The exec rooms were clean and well stocked and adequate for your stay. We were accommodated in rooms opposite each other which was great - and does not always happen when making a multi room booking. The only faults we had were the ice machines were not working on our floor, the floor above or…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"My second stay in this very nice hotel. Services are very good and location is great. I had a tour in Notting Hill, where I experienced nice bars and restaurants. Rooms are comfortable and clean, allowing a good rest. Breakfast is quite good too.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Works do,"2nd year we have held our annual conference and the customer service in the conference room was excellent.  Reception was very slow  but with the service from the setting up and meals etc being so good it made up for it.  Nothing was too much trouble.  Room was cleaned and comfortable, food okay but catering for 140 would be a bit difficult.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A convenient location...,"While the hotel is not centrally located in London, it is convenient to Shephard's Bush and only a short walk from both the Underground and Above ground trains.  The hotel was relatively clean and the staff were the normal pleasant Hilton staff.  The check-in process was quick and efficient.    For the price, I found the room to be below standard for a ""suite"" offering. The executive suite that I stayed in could do with some minor upgrades.  It was clear from the fittings that the room was not a ""major"" marketing or selling point for the hotel and it could do with an upgrade.  The breakfast was delicious and enjoyed.  Though I chose to eat breakfast in the main restaurant instead of the executive club because I found it a little disappointing and basic.  The evening offering in…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We enjoyed our stay and will definitely return again.  Our only complaint was that housekeeping did not use a door stop while servicing the rooms so if rooms close to you are serviced early in the morning, there is a continuous slamming of doors as they re-enter several times while accessing items from the service carts.   The Executive Lounge was wonderful.  Nice and spacious and the staff were very friendly and afternoon tea was excellent.  Shepherd's Bush underground is a short walk and is on the Central Line so you can be in Oxford Street within minutes or Westfield shopping center is right next to Shepherd's Bush underground (a short walk from the hotel).  Great shopping center with regular department stores like Debenhams and Marks & Spencer to Tiffany's and plenty of…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a non tourist area,"Great stay with my wife and in laws. The hotel is very clean, quiet, and conveniently located. The executive lounge was great and the service was very friendly and knowledgable about the area. The only negative was figuring out the shower but I am in another country that I am not familiar. The atmosphere was very cozy, calm and did not feel like a tourist location. ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Delicious breakfast buffets, quality rooms, and helpful staff (reception staff excluded for my instance) - this hotel has just about everything... Aside from free wifi in the rooms.  The location provides optimal opportunity to explore London at your own leisure, being generally only a short bus or train ride from all major sites. The breakfast buffet is none too complex but certainly one of the more enjoyable buffets across the Western world providing quality food 99% of the time. The porters and concierge were of particularly high service level, being generally cheerful and friendly, without the droning atmosphere of 'doing their job.'  Overall was an excellent stay and I would recommend to anyone who has the appropriate budget to compensate.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"My cousin and I spent two nights here this past weekend for a short break in London. We got what we felt was a really good deal, so we had high hopes. We had a basic twin room. It is quite small, but extremely adequate. No smaller than any other hotel! The room was clean and we had everything we could need. The room is somewhat dated, but we expected this. No power outlets by the bed (quite annoying for some) and some of the fixtures and furniture is looking a little tatty. Not a problem for us at all - as the hotel is a vast step up from the budget places we're used to. But if you're looking for luxury - this is still just a room with beds! Bathroom was nice size - though a bit born as well - well lit, with nice strong shower. Beds were comfortable, mini bar (though left…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value and convenient for shopping at Westfield,"If you like shopping, the Westfield Mall is 5 minutes away and hard to beat. Also from right outside the hotel You can take the Chic Outlet shopping bus to Bicester factory outlets. However my friend and I took a two Exec room which was tiny. This hotel Is also quite far from theatre land if you are coming to London for that. We got a great value rate at 90 pounds a night.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's fine - nothing to shout home about,"We had some Hilton Honours points to use so decided to have a night in London and chose the Kensington because of the places we wanted to visit the day after.  Check in was pretty quick and easy; it's a massive lobby; quite dark but very spacious and lots of places to sit.  The room was a good size - had everything you would need for a short stay as well as a decent selection of toiletries, tea and coffee and free bottled water.  It was all very comfortable.  Check out was at midday (which is nice and late I think) and you can use the Express Check out.   Location wise it's pretty good; close to Portobello Market - either a nice stroll or a bus ride away - likewise the lovely Holland Park.  There's not much else to say really... you know there's nothing bad about the hotel but…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recommended,"The hotel is very nice, spacious common areas, spacious rooms epulite, and the staff very friendly and helpful. The location is great, right across from the park a short distance from Oxford Street. From the piano bar you can enjoy a beautiful view.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great overnight stay,"This is a great stylish hotel and in a good area for where we wanted to be. It's close to a large shopping centre and plenty of eateries,cafés,bars, entertainment and cinema in the area. We were upgraded to a kingsize room which was a bonus and the room was clean and well stocked with shower wash hair shampoo conditioner and soap. It had comfortable seating and had ironing and hair dryer facility. The fridge had plenty of choice for drinks and snacks but they were chargeable. Understandable as the range went from bottled water to champagne. Early in the morning we had a complimentary newspaper and an express checkout envelope to vacate the room quickly and easily at our convenience ( before 12  lunch time). Over all this was an idea location close to tube,train station and close…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,average,Stayed here for 1 night in march and was not that impressed . Checking in took a long time but it may have been due to staff being trained up as i noticed a few trainee badges .For the price £150 i thought the rooms were small but clean but not worth the money.Breakfast  was very good with a large selection .,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location and friendly service,"This hotel is only a short walk from Shepherds Bush tube on the Central line.  The reception staff were friendly and efficient. Room was good with kingsize bed and complimentary tea/ coffee and mineral water. The room had complimentary bath robes and slippers.  The one improvement I would have suggested was a better shower as there wasn't much head room when standing in the bath and I'm only 5' 11"".",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay away.,"We stayed there with a group, and extended by a night on our own.  The last night our group was there we returned to a room with a handwritten picture of male genitals on our table with a slang name for them on the Hilton note pad on the desk.  We were never given any explanation as to who was in our room or responsible for it.  After we left, the hotel double charged us for the one night in the room.  I am now spending money to make international calls to clear up the billing issue.  Recommend you avoid this hotel.  It didn't feel safe that someone had access to our room to draw such pictures, and the facilities are certainly not worth the hassle.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
3156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"We chose this hotel because it is local to our son's university accomodation. We arrived late on the Friday evening and the check in was very efficient. Beware that the room price does not include breakfast, obviously to keep the offer price seem more competitive. We decided to order breakfast for the next morning only, then decide what to do for the following mornings. After having breakfast, we were more than happy to order for the rest of our stay. Whether you prefer a full english or continental breakfast, we were spoilt for choice. The only criticism we had was that the tables and chairs were too close together, so it made it difficult to navigate between the buffet and table. The room had everything that you expect in a four star hotel, even a full sze ironing board. I've…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expensive for a tiny room,"Room rate is expensive for the size of the room.  I have a standard size suit case and once I open it, there is barely any space to walk. A mobile luggage rack is provided but if the suit case is place on top, it'll block the passage between the bathroom and the toilet.  Check out experience was unsatisfactory.  The staff asked if I had review the for infor bill send to my room.  I did and they automatically charged the amount to my card.  I later realised that an extra 5 pounds was charged to my card because I place my personal tug of yogurt in the fridge and took it out in the morning.  They refunded the amount but did not provide me a final copy of my bill.  I am still waiting for my final bill after several attempts to contact the hotel.  Location is 5mins walk to Westfield…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
3158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business in London,Its my third stay at the Hilton in London and the Service has improved a lot since last year. Now i can honestly recommend this hotel for business or weekend trips. Very friendly staff and a good international breakfast. Ask for fresh Omelettes!!!,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a little love and care,"The Hilton Hotel Kensington is not centrally located and so should be tailored to provide additional services and facilities that will attract its customers when staying in this part of London.  Located between Holland Park and Shepherds Bush, this is hardly Kensington despite the name and being within 200 m of some very large peripheral roads. In this potential no-mans land is the Hilton ""Kensington"". It would help then if the owners could use the interior to create a place of refuge, relaxation and charm but it isn't. The staff were fabulous but the hotel is a mish-mash of modern, classic and dated furnishings with a bar that would be better placed in a low-cost airline transit lounge. It is a lonely sad plastic place with massive TV sets and banal furnishings and bright…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location but not 4 star hotel,"the review for this hotel is a mixed one: the plus parts are: location (close (3 min) to Shepherd` Bush tube line and close to a huge shopping center- Westfield. you can walk to some great London attractions like Kensington gardens and from there you can walk to many other places. so,if you like to walk, the hotel is pretty OK located. the check-in was quick as well as the check-out. the personnel was OK.  the negative parts from my side is that for a 4 star hotel, there are some things that needs to be improved: there was no blow-drier in the bathroom and no slippers (i`ve just stayed in a 3 star hotel which had these). also, already known fact that there is no free WI-fi in the rooms is a downsize from my part",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Bad - Good Location,"Not a bad Hilton, good location,right smack in the middle of Shepherds Bush, pushing it a bit calling it the Hilton Kensingnton!!! But if it was called the Hilton Shepherds Bush, probably no one would stay there.  Which is unfair on Shepherds Bush, as it is one of the liveliest areas of London, without the London Centre RIP OFF Prices.  Hotel itself is pretty good, rooms are OK reasonable size, reasonable decor.  Exec Lounge pretty big and very busy, great staff in there, know how to look after you, and it is run as an Exec Lounge should be.  Location, very good, lots to do around the immediate area, literally across the road from the Tube all in all not a bad Hotel  Would stop there again  Good value for money",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Going downhill with no recognition of hhonors status,"I have stayed at this property many times over the last 5 years. It became my hotel of choice when in London mainly due to the excellent executive lounge and constant recognition of Gold Hilton status with room upgrades etc.  All that seemed to change on my last visit in January 2014. No recognition whatsoever of my Gold status, despite being a published guaranteed benefit of the programme. I even asked if my hhonors number was on the reservation and was simply told yes it was.  The executive lounge which was once a restful area with very good offerings for afternoon tea and evening canapés had turned into a crowded, noisy room with limited food. I suspect the overcrowding is mainly because the hotel is now selling access at check-in so one person in a group buys access and then…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice for a weekend stay,"Hotel is located within walking distance of Shepherds Bush tube station on the Central Line, and also on a main bus route to Oxford Street. It is also very close to Westfield Shopping centre if you need some retail therapy, or wanted to sample one of the myriad of restaurants located there.  The hotel itself has a large lobby, and a very nice bright lobby bar. The room was a little on the small side (this is London after all), but it was functional and clean. The room had air conditioning which seemed to work OK, but I wasn't there in the summer so can't tell how good it would be then. There are ice machines on each floor, which is always a nice touch. Our rate included a buffet breakfast served in their large nicely laid out restaurant, and it was pretty good with plenty of…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Feb Business trip,the staff make this hotel they are great and really look after guests the rooms were ok except for the smell of smoke coming from the vents and the heating not working  over all though value for money and good location opposite the westfield where the restruant choice is great,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good service, good lounge","I recently had two stays here of 3-4 nights apiece.  I found the desk and concierge staff to be very accommodating.  I believe I was checked in by Viola the first time, who greeted me by name the next day.    The rooms are small, but well appointed and the location was very convenient.  It's close enough to the Tube to get in and out of city center easily, and well situated for walking, both in very nice neighborhoods, as well as commercial areas.  The stores and restaurants can either be the charm of Notting Hill in one direction, or the Westfield Mall, which is a 5 minute walk in the other.  Overall it's a good way to save some money compared to more central hotels, without giving up some walking distance attractions.  Plenty of great choices for dinner within a 10 minute…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Gold/Diamond members:Avoid this hotel if you can,"If you are gold or Diamond VIP with the Hilton Honors Program avoid this hotel.  Over the past few years I have stayed at this  Hilton properties many times but in recent visits I have noticed significant deterioration on usual Hilton service.  At this point, this property ranks at the very bottom especially when it comes to service, courtesy, and amenities and looking after the loyal members of the Hilton. They consider giving you free wifi is all you get as a gold member. No upgrade, etc.  In my last visit, the room was not very clean, broken light and chair,  and food selection at restaurant is very  limited. For sure this is my last stay here and if you are expecting to benefit from your elite statues, then you are in a wrong place.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
3167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Tiny Tiny Room, LOVELY Service","Service at this hotel was great. I was very jet lagged and working long hours during the time I stayed at this hotel (4 nights) so I made a mistake when I got my invoice while checking out. It didn't have the right address that would allow me to get reimbursement from my company!  So I called on my return trip a week later and the young lady who took my call was very, very kind about it, and told me to pick up the reprinted new invoice from concierge.  I had to wait a couple days before I could go pick it up, yet the correctly updated invoice was with concierge in a safe drawer, as promised!   The concierge also called me a taxi service to the airport, and after I paid at the desk, took care to tell me to not accept any demands for 'extras' from the driver, in case he asked (He…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value and location for tourists,"This was our first time visiting London.  We arrived at Heathrow and took the Heathrow express to paddington, then a taxi from there to the hotel.  I believe it was about 21 pounds per person for the train and 12 pounds for the taxi ride.  Since we had never been here before that was easy and quick but next time we'd take the underground because it's cheaper.  The hotel is right off the central line at the shepherds bush station.  The first night when coming back to the hotel from the station was confusing but that was because we didn't leave take that station during the day.  There is the Westfield mall which has a lot of restaurants and shopping. It is a little pricey but there are also fast food places nearby as well. We saw subway, Starbucks, mcdonalds.  We are hilton gold…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very satisfactory,"Stayed overnight here whilst attending a gig at Shepard's bush  Empire. We got a reasonable deal and the hotel lived up to expectations being clean and convenient. The room had everything you needed for a one night stop over. The car park at the hotel was very expensive £32 for a night so we used the car park of the Westfield shopping centre which is 2 minutes away and cost £9 for 24 hours! Wifi was also pricey ,when are these hotels going to get into the modern era and offer free connections ?",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"Delighted to find this Hotel was a stone's throw from Sheperds Bush underground station & short trip to Central London. Was at reception within 5 minutes of getting off tube. Hotel was very nice although room was on small side and air did not work. Staff were very concerned and helpful, bringing fan and trying to fix air. Breakfast was delightful. Fantastic location next to Westfield Shopping Mall, great shops & lots of restaurant. Would stay there again. ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"First and foremost the location for this hotel is fantastic. I used the Shepherds bush tube station every morning and it was a really pleasant walk less than five minutes I would say. The hotel has a nice bar area and restaurant. There is also a gym with pool. I didn't use them so cannot say how good they are. The executive lounge was good and the foyer has publicly available Apple Macs!   On to the room, for some it might be a small room but I was glad of the huge TV screen instead of the sulu internet streaming tv. Also, all that you would need was there: iron, gown, slippers, mini bar, table, lounger. The room barely had any room around the bed though so if you are a couple you might struggle.   For those that don't know shepherds bush being five minutes away means that…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Short of staff and tired,"The restaurant could not cope with demand so breakfast buffet was extremely poor: slow supply of hot food, empty drink containers, tables slow to be cleared. Rooms are tired. Typical of short staffed and under investment. Many other quality Hilton hotels in London, consider those first unless you need this location.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
3173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meeting in London,"I was on a conference trip to London and I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington. I only visited London for 4 days. I was attending a conference near Cavendish Square and London School of Economics. The rooms were clean and quiet. I tried to get in as much site seeing as I could. Weather was cold and rainy, very different from sunny and warm California. I also visited the Tate Britain Museum and National Portrait Gallery. The National Portrait Gallery had some wonderful painting and artifacts from medieval English history. The Tate Britain Museum offered wonderful paintings in relation to Englands history, political, military, and social (industrial revolution). I ran into a wonderful group of school children at the Tate. They were writing comments in regards to the paintings…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,January Stay 2014,"We had a poor experience on our last stay and made this known to the manager.  We went with friends this time and they were very impressed, we had been upgraded to executive rooms and because it was a Birthday celebration they left treats in the room.  We will be going again soon, we enjoy trips to London and find this Hotel in a good position, an excellent bus service from the door if you chose to use it, takes you to connecting bus services to just about everywhere, just do your homework and get a bus route planner from Euston bus station.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"Stayed here in Feb 2014 and the location is pretty good if you want to shop at Westfield shopping centre. There are direct buses from outside that goes to Marble arch and Oxford road, but tube to the tourist areas can be a bit tricky.   Had a very pleasant receptionist, but the room we were given was very very tiny. We did not ask for another one as we only were in the room to sleep. The heating in our room did not work and they gave additional heater which did the trick but cramped up an already tiny room. Breakfast was pretty good with good variety.   We won't be headed here any time in a hurry, but it's not a bad option if you want to be close to Westfield and if you are not claustrophobic",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Safe Area, Easy access to transportation & shopping mall","I stayed at the Hilton before and this time was as good as I remember it the last time I stayed in it. I enjoyed my stay very much and I would strongly recommend the hotel to everyone I know. The hotel maintains a very high standard of cleanliness, the food is good. In general the service is great and the staff members are very helpful and efficient. The location is great, very safe neighborhood. You can enjoy long walks and even enjoy a special shopping experience at Westfield Mall as it’s a walking distance from the hotel. Easy access to transportation, taxis are always available at all times. Very close to at least two main underground stations. Not to forget the variety of different restaurants that caters to all different tastes. Once again, I am a very satisfied guest and…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location and very helpful staff,"This was my first stay with Hilton and overall I was impressed.  I had asked for an early check-in if possible before I arrived and was very pleased when I turned up at 10 am that a room was available.  The room itself was a little small, think Manhattan hotel room and you will know what I mean, but bar that very nice although, I stayed on the top floor and the wind was howling through the window even though it was locked, to be fair it was during a very stormy night, the second nights stay was less stormy and I didn't hear the wind.  The highlight of the stay was actually on check-out, I needed to get to Heathrow airport with 4 bags and a large box and the concierge politely but firmly negotiated with a firm for a car at a very good rate.  As for the hotel itself, located just…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"This was my second stay here, and I have to say things have slipped. No problem with check in, the woman was very helpful, until it came to the matter of did I want to add breakfast to my pre paid bed and breakfast room. She wasn't aware that the rate I'd used included breakfast - a quick call and it was sorted. The room was fine, bathroom a little tired but no real problems. I checked the hotel information folder for breakfast times for Saturday, started at 6.30 according to the sheet, so at 6.50 I go down on Saturday morning. Oh no, breakfast starts at 7 on weekends, so I had to hang around in the lobby. I went up to the desk at 7.00 to go into breakfast, they had no record of it being included despite the checks on Friday. Eventually the woman found it, so in I went and…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, far from the typical London attractions.","I liked this hotel, a few inconveniences but nothing major. I arrived at the hotel around 10:00 in the morning from an overnight flight, I was sleepy, tired and just needed a bed, but unfortunately I had to wait till 12pm to get a room. The check in time is 3:00pm according to the hotels website, but come on, not all flights get to London at around that time, so I had to wait in the lobby trying to keep my eyes open. Now is this is a continuing problem with hotels around the world, where guests show up before their check in time and the room is not available, maybe hotels should think about adding some type of ""waiting"" room where people would wait comfortably while rooms become available, that would allow people to close their eyes or simply rest as opposed to just getting left…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, fair and well located Hotel","It's a hotel with tiny room, clean, fair service, good breakfast, internet in the room is paid, bathroom is also tiny and when you take a shower you must be concerned if you will flood everywhere.  It's well located to take underground on Shepherd's Bush Station (200 meters) and 94 line taking you easily to Trafagal Square and Picadilly Circus. It's located on zone 2.  Close to Westfiled Shopping Center, one of the best in London. Very fancy indeed.  Good luck!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"ok, but not worth the money","Previously to arriving I emailed the head office and explained that my partner and I were travelling to the hotel to celebrate our anniversary and asked if there was anything nice they could do for us to mark the occasion, I received an email back saying they had informed the hotel, so I was expecting something and there was nothing in the room, nothing mentioned at reception not even a congratulations. This was disappointing. Once we checked in, Which was efficient and pleasant, We went to our room, As we walked in first impression was, its lovely but small and cramped, I looked in the bathroom and it stunk of eggs, then sat on the bed and it sounded like it was going to fall apart and it was unbelievably noisy and wobbly. I called the front desk, they took about 4 mins to…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Yeah ok ish but expensive,"The Hilton Kensington is well placed with public transport right on the doorstep.  The hotel staff were polite, the decor is modern and the public areas clean.  The room was small and the aircon seemed to blow in the smell of stale cigarettes, The TV had very poor reception and was missing many channels.  The mini bar was very very expensive and a bottle of still water cost £3.95  The room was clean and the room had no bath. Tea and coffee was supplied in the room.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service needs to be better,"Quick one night stopover was enough to make a bad impression.  Arrived late in the evening and would not wish to be a lone female doing this as the streets are dark and whilst closeish to the tube, still have to walk around a large roundabout to get there.  Was disappointed not to be able to order some food and a drink direct from the bar, instead told to find a table and my order would be taken.  15 mins later when I went back to the bar, was told the same again when I mentioned I hadn't been seen too.  After a long journey when all you want is a bite to eat and a beer it is very frustrating being made to wait even for a drink.  The manager seemed to be doing a lot of apologising to others so was either a bad night or this is a common problem.  Don't mind paying the premium…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"This was our third time - stayed Valentines night.  We used the deal which meant you paid up front so it was non changeable but we got an Exec room for a great price.  The main upside of this is access to the Exec Lounge which has great snacks and drinks all day (alcohol between 6 - 8.30 pm) and the breakfast is fine considering it is included.  The other great thing about this hotel is the fantastic staff - all so welcoming and friendly.  It's not the most central location but it's great for Holland Park/Portabello Market, etc. We will definitely be back.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel. Nice Location. Friendly Staff. Highly Recommend,"Took my wife to London for the weekend to celebrate her 30th Birthday, and this Hotel turned out to be brilliant for us. Service was excellent, right from the point of arrival to the moment we left. I cannot falter it. I'd chanced my arm and rang in advance to say I was bringing my wife for a surprise birthday weekend. Half expecting just a bottle of something in the room, or some chocolates if we were lucky but were pleasantly surprised when they upgraded us from a deluxe room to an executive room meaning we could use the executive lounge for complementary breakfast on both days of our stay, and canapés and drinks in the evening! Bonus! Then to top it off, after we popped out into town for an hour or so, by the time we'd come back to our room they'd left some bubbly there too.…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good convenient option,"The big plus point is the number 94 bus which stops right outside and takes you to Piccadilly via Holland Park, Notting Hill and Oxford Street. This makes the hotel conveniently placed for Central London. Hotel is generally good, a little faded and with smallish bedrooms.No room for clothes in wardrobe because of the robes - moved the robes to the bathroom and couldn't open the bathroom door properly. No big deal really though.Beds and rooms were spotlessly clean and were comfortable, as were the beds. Coffee/tea/ small bottles mineral water and cosmetics replenished daily. We had a stay 3 nights get 30% off deal which made it excellent value.Staff excellent. Didn't have breakfast there- went to the Shopping precinct instead where there is ample choice. Would recommend…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Room- Watch Out For Extra Charges,"I recently stayed here for two nights and am booked to visit again soon. I was greeted warmly and the reception staff were helpful. My room was nice, if not a little small with good facilities. The bathroom needed a little attention (chipped door frame, bath tub, extra) but was very clean. My only niggle was that they do not supply liquid hand soap- only a bar- which is slightly less hygienic and intended (as labelled) for ""le visage"" not hand washing.  Breakfast was an extra £12, which I didn't have this time.  The hotel is relatively easy to find from the Shepard's Bush Stations and close to many restaurants, a cinema and Waitrose.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Started of with great first impressions but it quickly went downhill.,"Upon arrival we were greeted by lovely staff at Concierge and the Check in desk. They are all really helpful and asked if we needed help with our luggage etc. Check in was fairly quick and informative. Our room was great, we had a huge bed and ample space, the lighting and amount of mirrors was also great for getting ready. The TV was big but had lack of channels and the picture quality was bad, tea, coffee and biscuit faciltites too.   So the down points, we had a meal in the restaurant but wish we went out now, it was expensive and took a long time to come, drinks are extortionate (£6 for a bottled beer?) too. Beware if you order room service they charge and extra £5 this is not explained when ordering or written anywhere either i am not sure what the charge is for as room…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Amazing location. It's at the centre of everywhere. The staff were great. Kudos and special thanks to the Morrocan. That solo keyboard performance is as romantic as it deepens the passion of the hospitality. When you imagine that Westfield beckons in close proximity, then you must understand why this hotel is an ideal place to be",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but expensive wifi and tiny rooms.,"I stayed for four nights at the HIlton Kensington whilst working in the area.  I'm not a huge fan of the Hilton chain and so had fairly low expectations for this hotel, and it was pretty much as I expected.  Location-wise, it's fine - close to a few different tube lines and right next to Shepherd's Bush and a huge shopping mall.  Check-in and check-out were both fine with no queues and service was friendly and efficient.  I went for a standard room, forgetting that in most of the Hiltons I've been in, the base room is more like a cupboard.  Seriously, it's tiny.    Although I was happy to see that the room included an ironing board and iron, there was barely any room to set the damn thing up.  In addition, there's one set of electrical sockets.. a pair right above the desk, and…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, good food, reasonable rooms","I stay here on business all the time. The staff are always great and try to up grade me they fix problems quickly. The location is good and quiet .. I like it here.  The exec lounge has a reasonable spread, and good service. It gets packed but the staff clear up quickly.  The breakfast is good. Bar is fine but hotel pricey.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good service, great location, a bit worn.","A very good location, with a good staff.  Just a block from Shepherd's Bush station, and a short walk to Holland Park, with bus stops in front, getting around London is very convenient.  The room was quite nice, a little worn, but well maintained and clean.  Wifi access is ok (again, with hotel chains, it's important to have loyalty memberships) just be sure your rate or membership level includes room wifi- otherwise it's lobby only.  Quiet, clean with patient, helpful service.  My only complaint was the TV service wasn't great, which normally wouldn't matter, but not having BBC Sport during the Winter Olympics was unfortunate.  Also, the HVAC wasn't great, and with the window sealed the room was a bit stuffy; as with many UK hotels, a summer heat wave could be a problem. …",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but not amazing,"We booked this hotel as we had been looking for a good deal in a nice area of London and usually stay in the kensington area. I wouldn't really count this area as kensington and apart from Westfield, there wasn't that much around the hotel. It was a good location though as it was so close to the tube and notting hill is walking distance. The lobby was impressive and first impressions were good but the room just felt small and a bit tired and the television picture was bad quality.  I think if you can get a good price on this hotel it is a good bet but just not really what we expected for somewhere called Hilton Kensington. A bit of a luxurious feel would be nice!",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Super hotel and wonderful staff,"Cannot really fault the hotel, what a lovely position it was in too. We had a king size bed and overlooked the park. Parking is expensive but very convenient. There is a bus that stops right outside the front door which takes you to Hyde Park, Victoria etc.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average for Hilton standards,"I had a short mid-week one-night overnight stay as I was attending a conference at nearby Olympia. My room was inside facing, and was OK but nothing special. Clean & functional but  cramped and in need of updating. Executive breakfast room was excellent.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"I recently booked this hotel for my brother who was visiting the UK for the first time. The reason I picked this Hilton was its proximity to Westfield mall since his primarily goal was shopping. It is a four minutes walk to the mall. Also for those interested in going to Bicester village, outlet mall, this Hilton is one of the pickup location for the one hour bus ride. He had a pleasant three days stay, he said  breakfast was fantastic with an array of options, staff were friendly all the way. The rooms were size able, nothing fantastic but clean. He said he will say here again and recommend it to others. Also if you intend to take a cab to Heathrow, avoid rush hours, he was stuck in standstill traffic for over an hour.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel,Not as good as it used to be stayed here several years ago and feel standard has definitely gone down.  Rooms not serviced properly and noisy corridors doors slamming at all hours and people shouting in corridors.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average room, great selection at breakfast",First impressions of the hotel were very good. The parking is very secure and the hotel lobby is nicely presented. The room itself was basic and fairly small. The bathroom was nothing special and could have been nicer given the hotels 4* status. Breakfast the next day however was exceptional value for money. The gym facilities were ok although the sauna/steam room were not on when visited the next morning even though they were supposed to be working from 7am. Overall a decent hotel for the price that was paid with helpful staff and in a great location for access to Westfield for shopping plus Shepherds Bush tube. Would stay here again.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Stayed here at the beginning of January for our wedding anniversary.  Two lovely nights with a large executive room and everything else you expect from Hilton. We didn't eat there but opposite is Europe's largest shopping mall Westfield which had a huge selection of eateries etc right next to Shepherd's Bush tube. No 94 bus outside hotel took us straight to Picadilly. Staff friendly. Def Recommendl ,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A value for money Hilton for your escape to LONDON,A nice hotel near Shepherd' Bush metro station and Westfield's mall with excellent value for money price.  If you don't have any credit/debit card with you even if you have booked a room they don't let you get in because they want to charge you with 40 pounds in case that you take something from the fridge!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Small rooms but clean without free internet access!! Breakfast always paid as an extra ! for a Hilton not a good impression!! Personnel excellent!! Generally a good choice for London,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"I recently visited London for a long weekend and decided to stay at this hotel. The hotel was decorated very nice and modern. The room was also decorated nice with a comfortable king size bed. The hotel is a 5 minute walk away from the tube station, which is also next to one of the biggest shopping malls in Europe, which had many shops, restraunts and a cinema inside. There was a gym and steam room and sauna in the hotel which I personally didn't use however the option was there. I would most definitely stay at this hotel again, as the staff were extremely polite and even allowed us to keep our mini suitcase in a room as our train wasn't until 9 at night! As for the reviews that complain about the paint work etc.. Are being fussy as I didn't notice any issues and I can be quite…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional service,"I booked the Kensington hotel for my wife for a surprise weekend in London to celebrate her 40th birthday with 12 of her closest friends. Unfortunately I was out of the country with work so I had to do the booking online.  I had booked them into the Theatre to watch a West End show and the Kensington Hotel seemed by far the best hotel in the area.  I made contact with the Hotel and informed them of my plans for my wife.  They were unbelievable in there communication, support, service and most of all;considerable understanding. Not only did they accept my plans to make it a huge surprise but they went the extra mile and planned the most wonderful surprise that my wife will never forget.  Furthermore they made it personal and added fantastic touches to make it one of the most…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a couple of nights away,Stayed away for a couple of nights and the hotel is perfectly located for getting around London. Shepard's bush tube station is just up the road along with Westfield shopping centre.   The weekend i stayed away was my birthday and the staff where very accommodating even providing a bottle of Cava free of charge in my room.  Hotel is ageing but is very well maintained so thats nothing to worry about.  The executive lounge is nice and big (no beer until 6 however) not a great selection of food and beverages.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ageing hotel,"I never quite understand why some hotels want you to check-in late and check-out early. Well, I know that getting rooms ready can be a time challenge, but surely hoteliers want to keep you in the house as much as they can so you can spend your money!  Anyway, Hilton advertises check-in after 15h00 and check-out by noon. My check-in was delayed as they did not seem to be able to verify if the allocated room was ready. Credit to the receptionist, she was very helpful, and found another room for me. In the morning, just before 10, the housemaid knocked on the door, not asking if I was leaving, but telling me it was time for check out! Well, there you go, better finish my breakfast sharpish!  This was my second stay at the Hilton Kensington. Kensington in the name, Shepherd’s Bush…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,Travelling through London when they have a 'heat wave' appears to pose a problem for the aircon systems in London. We changed rooms several times because we felt the aircon wasn't working but it was evident it was just not able to cope with the London weather. The rooms were therefore very hot and made it quite uncomfortable to sleep in.  The service was fine and it's within walking distance to a great shopping centre and train station (tube).  All in all an OK experience - definitely not worth the money spent however.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"Nice clean rooms, really tasty and great choice of breakfast. Rooms are starting to show signs of age with a bit of mould in the bathroom, towels a bit frayed and threadbare. Our room door was broken and someone was sent up straight away to fix it and left a little tool box of hammer shaped mint sweets which was a nice touch. The hotel bar, mini bar, room service and restaurant is very expensive even by London standards but the hotel is in a good location to go elsewhere. ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate at Best,"The hotel is aging, the carpets are light and stained.  The first room the put me in was on the top floor (7th), and with a balcony, but the door handle onto the terrace had been removed, and the door was screwed shut.  The room was so small that there was no room to sit in the chair at the desk because it hit the bed.    I requested a room change, and while the second room was supposedly remodeled, it too was dingy.  The room itself was larger, allowing me to sit at the desk in the morning.  The bed was stiff and terribly noisy with the slightest movements.    The bathroom was likewise adequate, with the typical UK raised tub/shower combo rather than a much more convenient shower.  My room overlooked a busy street (Holland Park Avenue), but as a sound sleeper, the noise didn't…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
3208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth a stay,"This Hotel is well situated out of the city having easy access to tube,bus and rail. Westfield shopping centre ideal for the dedicated shopper and restraints a plenty. The hotel itself is of a good standard, friendly staff and both the bar and restaurant food to a good standard. The rooms are clean but the air conditioning could be better.  The executive room is well stocked but could be bigger to accommodate the guest.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,hilton holland park,Very helpful and friendly staff and easy to check in. The room was immaculate and had everything you would need. It was quiet and the bathroom was spotless. The food was fabulous and the staff excellent.,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,'executive' lounge,"I stayed in the hotel several times in 2013, but the exec lounge was not so terrible as in 2014. Now I stay another 3 weeks and the lounge was full every evening, there is no free seat at all to have a snack or a drink. The exec lounge capacity is not in balance with the  number of the allowed guests.  A Hilton should be better prepared and must be able to handle this. The executive lounge is not executive anymore.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
3211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, comfortable stay","My friend, 2 cousins, and myself stayed here in Sept. 2013.  We all enjoyed the hotel AND location.  The hotel was very nice and luxurious, after spending a few nights in smaller, no-name (not chain) hotels.  The hotel was a little hard to find from the tube station, as we couldn't figure out which way to go when we left!  But once we figured it out, it was easy.  Easy access back to the airport tube line, as the bus picked up right in front of the hotel to take to the Hammersmith tube stop, which then lined up with the tube to Heathrow.  The only downside of the hotel is that there is no free wi-fi, only 1 hour in the lobby.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant staff, brilliant breakfast, poky rooms","I stayed at this hotel last week on business. The rooms are decorated and equipped to a good standard but the one I had was very small. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The breakfast is lovely, one of the best in London and the evening meals are good too, if a touch pricy. In all a good hotel though there are better in London at the price",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location & service,"We stayed on a Saturday night in January and paid £85 which for London seemed very reasonable. We arrived earlier than the stated check-in time, and were immediately checked in and given a room. I am a Hilton Gold member and got upgraded on check-in to a deluxe room that included breakfast (bonus!). The room was clean and well equipped with free mineral water, tea, coffee etc. The hotel is within walking distance to Shepherds Bush tube & overground, and also the huge Westfields shopping centre - location couldn't have been better. Breakfast was delicious, huge range to choose from - fruits, yoghurts, croissants, full english etc and was served until 11am. Overall I couldn't fault this hotel, it was value for money and would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel,"Stayed at this hotel recently during a business trip, room was extremely hot and noisy. After many requests to adjust  room temperate we were told the air conditioning is turned off during the winter months. This was extremely disappointing and frustrating after a long journey and cannot understand why the staff delayed telling us there is a set temperature for the entire hotel during this period. For this  reason l will not stay at this hotel again as l believe the hotel does not accommodate the special requirements of its guests. I personally believe guests should have the right to adjust room temperatures to suit their own comforrt desires.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Watch out for the door man using you to line his own pocket,After enjoying a stay at the hotel i was ready to head off and was asked by the doorman if i needed a taxi to Heathrow? He told me that he would order one for me. I specified that i wanted a London Taxi and he assured me that it would indeed be a London Taxi. I found it strange that he had to 'Order' one for me as the rank outside the Hotel always has Taxis on it.I was ushered out of the hotel and waited for the Taxi the doorman had ordered. I pointed to the rank where a taxi was waiting only to be told that was not my taxi. I went to walk towards the taxi and was actually man handled by the doorman who then went to speak to the taxi driver..A heated discussion took place which ended with the doorman almost throwing my case into the taxi. The taxi driver then told me that the…,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
3216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,five star,"i always have a great stay at this hotel, i will always return. the service was great , the room were very comfy . well done to the hilton staff and i will see them very soon. lovely hotel and worth all the money spent",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok but hideously  over priced,Really nothing special trades on its name  service average food average rooms poor due to noise outside and air con noise inside and all shockingly over priced  As hotels go you can do far better very unimpressed,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
3218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Unexpected Stay, Nice Option","Due to some mechanical problems I missed a connecting flight to Asia and had an unexpected 24 hr stay in London and stayed at the Hilton Kensington.  I arrived late and check-in was quick and easy.  There seemed to be a fair amount of activity at the bars, but I was far to tired to check it out.  As a HH diamond member I had breakfast in the lounge on the first floor and it was excellent.  I ended up taking a cab to central London and it wasn't cheap. If I had more time I would take the tube, but given the short amount of the I had, I went for speed.  The areas near the hotel seemed charming and worth exploring.  Check out was a bit busier, I was able to go to the HH line, but even it had a delay.  The standard desk had a huge line.  All in all a good stay",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"Having had less than satisfactory experiences at the Hilton metropole , decided to try Hilton Kensington. I was quite pleasantly surprised about the location, with Westfield mall on its doorsteps. The connectivity into West End wasn't bad as well however I was disappointed in seeing adequacy seems the Hilton standard in London. I thought staying a bit outside the prime hub will result in better rooms. That isn't the case with Hilton Kensington. The rooms were as tight as those on the West end. if hilton conduct an audit of the hotel in sure they will realize the poor upkeep and need to do some basic upgrades. The furniture in the rooms seem to have chips and cataracts and as for the bathroom......2 star standard. The service at reception was delightful but the concierge staff…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent all rounder,I have stayed at this hotel 4 times twice with my husband and twice with my daughters.  We have used it as a central base for London for shopping theatre and museums etc . It is a very well kept hotel clean and very friendly staff. The food is very good and very good value for money especially when at discounted rates which are frequent. It has everything we need and will definitely be returning very soon.   Executive lounge is fantastic value for money.  Go for it ...,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Was OK,"It was not what I expected for the Hilton...  Towards the end of check in, I felt like that staff member was quite negative, and he made me feel like I did not belong.  Hotel room was fine, nothing special, I have stayed in 3 star hotels with better rooms etc.  Bathroom was ok, paint coming off bath and doors etc. wasn't up to the standard I expected of a 4 star. However bathroom amenities were very good. I was impressed with that.  I could not open the fridge.  Wifi is not free, and charged at £15 for 24 hours, I think it is ridiculous considering how much you pay to spend a night.  Overall was a disappointment.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,london,"this was a very nice hotel -- clean, comfortable.  The Original Bus Tour picks up right outside their door which makes touring very easy.  DO NOT walk from the train station though----take a taxi. Great breakfast -- would include in your reservation.  Nice people, helpful concierage.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hidden extras,The hotel is in an ideal location for discovering London and is only a short walk from Shepherds Bush under and over ground stations. The staff were really very friendly and helpful and the hotel was neat and tidy with a good sized room which was equally well equipped. My gripe is not particularly with the hotel itself but possibly more with the Hilton. We are regular travellers and are not surprised when a hotel takes our card details when we check in. However when I was told that my account would be debited £50 incase of charges or damages I was a little surprised but perhaps this was in the small print. I was also advised that if I made any charges to the room then a further £50 would be debited the next day. When we woke on the day of departure we had a slip through the door…,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,HILTON KENSINGTON,"Brilliant hotel to stay in for shopping, tube connections and value for money.  Good comfy bed, decent bathroom and clean.  Use of the spa included in the room price for honors members and a discounted breakfast price as an optional extra at reception.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent stay, excellent location","Excellent weekend stay, modern room with all moderen comforts. Hotel is located only a short walk to the tube station and is 15 mins on the train to the cente of London. One of the best breakfasts going and a complemenatry bar from 6-7 pm in the busines suite is highly recommended.  Satff were very friendly and assisted where possible.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another Great Stay @ Hilton London Kensington,"Had the pleasure of staying once again at this fantastic hotel. All staff were very welcoming and made my husband and I feel at home. Kindly offered entry to the Executive Lounge, thank you Holly !! it was very much appreciated.  We look forward to returning later on in 2014, THANK YOU ALL Hilton Team, you are a credit to your hotel, keep up the great work.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty good but a bit overpriced,"The best thing about this hotel is that it is in a good location. There is a bus stop right outside with busses that will take you into central, to Camden, Notting Hill etc and shepherds bush tube stop less than 2 minutes away. A couple of minutes walk away is another good bus stop where you can get a bus to drop you right outside the V&A and Harrods.   We had a standard double room which was fine but a little overpriced in my opinion. The room wasn't very big and breakfast wasn't included in the price even though the website we booked through said it was. They asked for £20 each for breakfast on top of the £143 a night we'd already paid so we went elsewhere to eat. Overall the experience was fine but I've definitely stayed in nicer hotels for less money.   ALSO NOTE: there are…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Stayed here for 4 nights from 1-5th January 2014. Check in quick and easy as we arrived around 11pm. Room average size by London standards and clean. Free wifi in lobby but not in room despite being a rewards customer. Sleep quality terrible till staff sorted out a very hard bed so first two nights we were very tired, staff were very helpful to sort this out. Room was quiet and air con worked to control temperature, windows opened for fresh air which was great. Had interconnecting room with our two teenagers which was perfect. Hotel is 5 minute walk from Shepherds Bush tube on the Central Line which is great for access to all sights. Turn left on leaving hotel, cross rd at roundabout, turn left and cross dual carriageway, keep left, walk down stairs and cross rd and voila, tube…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good choice for a week-end in London,"We've stayed at this hotel 4-5 times and the experience was very good. The location is excellent, near the bus and subway stops, the area itself is very nice (typical London street), the mall nearby offers endless choice of shops and restaurants. Always, a preferred choice for a week-end in London.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bit of posh but breakfast was meh,"We stayed here overnight after going to a gig at the Shepherds Bush Empire. It looked really swish and the room was nice enough, with a lovely view of the park across the road. On check in and check out all staff were friendly and asked how we were, how our stay was etc. I also thought the staff at the bar during the evening, when we got back from our concert, were super friendly and professional - although one guy appeared to be chasing after some people who were leaving to ensure they'd paid (they had and were not best pleased at being pursued in view of customers). Breakfast was the low point and what led to the low score; we were shown to our table, all good but then it went downhill. I asked one server for tea and she said she'd be back - she never came back, although she…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Stayed here for 5 nights.  Brought our mother-not-in-law who has trouble walking and had never been out of the US.  This was a PERFECT hotel - the bus was right outside the door (although crossing the street to get to the bus into the city was a little frightening with a slow walker), the staff was excellent, and the rooms were nice.  Wifi was free - if I'd had to pay, it would have irritated me how I had to keep signing in.  But, I've gotta say it again, what a PERFECT location for a tourist.  Come out the front door, turn to the right and it's a beautiful neighborhood.  It's not smack in the middle of the city so it feels more relaxed.  The walk down to the shops and some restaurants is easy.  And the bus options into the city and back to the hotel were wonderful.  About the…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great time,"i recently stayed at the Kesington Hilton, all i can say is FANTASTIC. The staff were a credit to the hotel, I worked at the hotel 15 years ago, met up with excutive chef David Atkinson top bloke, also cassandra, also may other staff still working there, the place is a real gem. I really do rcommend people upgrading to the excutive rooms great value for money. I will stay again for sure. the Gm must feel very proud of her staff.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with this hotel,"We decided to stay in this hotel as we run out of options for New Year's eve.  15 Pounds per DAY for wifi at room makes no sense nowadays , only in the lobby it was free. What happened with us: a) The do not disturb card was missing, one day around 8:#0 maid knocked and entered the room ! b) 1/1/2014 room was not cleaned c) left in the reception 2 toiletries (tooth paste + deodorant) they never made to the room, we asked for 2 days, and both reception & concierge denied having received it..., didn't want to ruin holidays so just dropped. Room's carpet looks a bit worn out.   The goods: shower worked great, umbrella for rainy days, power plug British/european adapter free.  Just didn't like the overall experience.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
3234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One Night Stopover,"We were due to watch a soccer match at QPR so the hotel was quite convenient. The foyer is quite bland with very low seating so anyone with disabilities will find it a challenge to use the seating.  My room was clean and adequate. We used the bar on the ground floor before dinner and the bar staff were great, very friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast was ample and well cooked although someone needs to learn how to make decent coffee. My stay there lasted about 13 hours so I can't be too demonstrative in my views but it worked for us. Shepherds Bush roundabout is a nightmare so if you are in a car it's not the easiest hotel to get to. If I was to visit London again, I wouldn't stay here as you'd need transport for wherever you needed to go. I'd spend a bit more and stay…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington London,"Very good position for accessing West, North and Central London.  Great for shopping or a Film Premier at Westfield Shopping Mall.  Helpful staff, but struggling with the new debit card expenses float of £100 per stay.  Some staff understand how it works, but be careful on check out as certain staff may charge you extras on top of initial payments made at check in.  Also, some staff do not knock and wait if they have to check your room, they just barge in.  General peacefulness of the hotel though is good, as these things can be put right with some training.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton,Convenient to tube.  Taxis readily available.  Excellent breakfasts.  Avenue Bar very friendly with great service.  Extremely quiet room with large screen TV and more than adequate channels.  Near a shopping center and local restaurants.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised,"Having seen mixed reviews about this hotel, we were pleasantly surprised. The location is convenient to the Shepherd's Bush tube station which also adjoins Westfield Mall, a massive shopping centre with shops ranging from Chanel to the lesser expensive mainstream brands. The Hilton staff is very friendly, helpful and accommodating. The rooms, although not very large, were clean and comfortable. We were fortunate to have access to the executive lounge with a wonderful breakfast, evening snacks and a tea time snack. The concierge was very helpful with theatre tickets and a London tour. The only downside is that the hotel is showing a bit of age.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good all-rounder Hilton with easy access to Heathrow Airport!,"We've stayed here a couple of times as it's only about 20 minutes by taxi (no traffic!) to Heathrow's Terminal 5.  The hotel concierge arranges the taxi for a flat rate of 45 pounds which is a great price!  The rooms are modern, spacious and well maintained.  We got a special deal of 115 pounds a night (including taxes) on www.hilton.com, and when we arrived at the hotel they were offering upgrades including use of the Executive Lounge for only 20 pounds a night per room.  This turned out to be a fabulous deal as breakfast was included (everything from a variety of cereals, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, cheeses, cold cuts, selection of pastries (the best croissants!), fruit, yoghurt, coffee, juices, and more.  It also included Happy Hour starting at 6 PM with a free open bar…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff and good location,"I loved that staff were friendly .The hotel is quite close to tube, railway and Westfield shopping centre which is good shopping and food spots. Across road from stop for original London sightseeing tour which was great for me",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotrl for business or pleasure,"I have stayed at this hotel a few times now for both business and pleasure (well shopping).  The hotel is a little way out of the centre if you are using a taxi but is close to public transport links with a hub very nearby at Shepherd's Bush.and is a direct line away to the City. It is also very close to a high quality shopping mall. I like the location as there are plenty of safe areas to run or walk in upscale Holland Park.  The hotel itself is a little impersonal but has a good executive lounge, excellent bedrooms and accommmodating staff. It all functions very well and I have to say (in a positive way) the hotel never gets in your way your time in London as it just functions well..  The only negative is the restaurant which is overpriced and normally deserted (but 5 mins…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A 3 day Christmas Stay,We found the staff unfailingly polite and helpful.  They went out of their way to make our stay comfortable and provided excellent and sensible help with our two well-behaved dogs.  The husky had a bed provided that I would have been happy to sleep on!,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Booked through Easytobook.com. Highly recommend them. Hotel check in was quick and easy. Room ready when we arrived at 2.00pm. All staff helpful and friendly. Breakfast was really good with lots of choice. Very close to tube station at Shepherd's Bush and Westfield Shopping Centre if that is of interest. Easy access to London Centre. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Eccellent service and comfortable stay,"Our stay at Hilton Kesington was really good. The service was excellent, breakfast was awesome, rooms were clean and quiet and we had a beautiful view over the City of London. We're sure to come back again.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for shopping,"We chose this hotel for it's convenient location, near Westfield and Shepherd's Bush tube station. With the central line from Shepherd's Bush, we found that the location was very good for most of London.The room was nice and clean, and a fine size for two people. The staff were pleasant and helpful, even though the hotel seemed quite full.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,City break,"Stayed here for 4nights and I was disappointed with the size of the room ,the decoration food is overpriced even if it is London?and on my last morning they wanted to clen my room at 9am.overall I was disappointed with the hotel I expected more the only thing was that the location is good.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Great location in short walking distance to the major shopping center ( Westfield). Hotel itself is getting tired. Room adequate.bathroom adequate.  has  a safe in room.  Tea area with cookies. what was terrrific was about 6 or 8 computers in lobby with free internet.  that was great.  Lobby very loud as many Christmas parties were going. We found the consierge to be only adequate.  He was not aware of sight seeing night bus for the London Christmas lights, but he did look it up. Unfortunaltey found it was booked for next week or so. He was given a tiip, then he perked up.  As soon as he was off duty, not even a hello.  Restaurants were plentiful at the shopping center.  There was a pub in walking distance, but a little more ofor drinking as opposed to eating.  the shopping…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,New Year Vacation 2013,The only positive thing about this hotel is that is situated near the Westfield Shopping center.The morning buffet was ok.A disadvantage was that the heating wasn't working and they had to change us into another room.They changed us room three times and that was bad because even in the third room the heating wasn't working.The prices for the accommodation of this hotel were slightly overpriced.,Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Super location and service,"May 2006, Close to tube station, park, pubs and shopping. Walking distance to embassies and Harrad's. Great service and helpful reception staff. This hotel was the accommodation highlight of our trip to London.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,I have now stayed at the hotel many times and each time is a great experience.  The staff are always welcoming and the doorman always willing to give advice and greet cheerfully each morning. I look forward to my next trip. The location near to Westfield Shopping Centre makes it very useful for shopping trips.,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly service, good location","Stayed here for three nights on a short trip to London. The staff were all friendly and helpful. We had an executive room which came with free breakfast (in the executive lounge) and a free bottle of water in the room each day. No free WIFi in the hotel but you can roam with Boingo and but it's possible to get online (for free) on desktops in the executive lounge.  It's easy to access the Central (if I remember correctly) or Hammersmith and Circle lines by 10 minutes walk. You do have to cross a busy road to get to the hotel but there are ramps. If you're a fan of walking, you can walk to Hyde Park and many other locations although it takes a while to do so.  The Westfield mall nearby offers shopping and a cinema. Note that the hotel is not in the central part of Kensington but…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor quality.,"The hotel is inadequate compared to that of a Travelodge. I booked this hotel thinking it would be a nice treat for my partner to stay in an expensive hotel in London when actually it was half the quality of any other hotel I have stayed at yet was triple the cost.  Do yourselves a favour and stay at a cheaper Travelodge or holiday inn , you get better quality, more complimentary items and friendlier staff.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
3252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS HOTEL AND STAFF!!!!","It was my mom's and I first time in London. I am so glad I picked this hotel!! The staff were so friendly and nice! If you had questions about how to get anywhere or wanted to go on tours the staff helped you. The hotel was very clean. I had two beds in my room that were pushed together which wasn't bad. Not a lot of room, but there was at least room for about 3 suitcases. We had a nice tv, mini bar that was stocked. I LOVE THIS HOTEL!! If I do get to come back to London, I'll stay here again!!  The location is in a good neighborhood. The Tube was just about a 5 minute walk. If you stay a week and plan on using the Tube to get around London. I would suggest getting an Oyster card. It cost about 35-37 British pounds, but it was worth it!! Its good for the tube and buses too.…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"2nd visit to this hotel. great location for visiting london. 5 mins from sheperds bush underground & overground, bus depot. the westfield mall is also very near with lots of shops & restaurants. room is a bit small but very clean. bar food is reasonable. holland park area is nice neighbourhood. on previous visit here we had good meals in local restaurants. if you get a good rate this place is good base when visiting london.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Over priced, poor quality of service, old fashoned","This was the terrible experience unfortunately.  Not believe that this hotel has the quality standard for facility, service, and foods & beverage as global 'Hilton Group'.   Suggested by colleagues for close location to the meeting place, but bad idea.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
3255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a short stay,"My family spent 1 night here recently after a long day flying from USA. I spent a lot of time in the area when I used to live in London, so it was nice for me to retrace some steps. Its close to Notting Hill and Kensington, although as other reviewers have pointed out, its not exactly central, but for me it wasn't a problem. Subways, shopping and restaurants are less than 5 mins walk. Room booked was a suite, but was kind of small, but there again its London and there were several of us!! I don't remember anything bad about the room, or for that matter memorable, but was perfectly comfortable. I would definitely not recommend a car as parking is expensive in the lot, and not much on street parking.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location-Great Service,"This was our second stay at this property and we were not disappointed. The Shepherds Bush tube stop and the Westfield Shopping Center are an easy walk. A great surrounding neighborhood. The service we received at reception was quick and efficient. The staff was very helpful in facilitating the transfer of our luggage from another hotel (If you need anything, talk to Ali at the concierge desk)The rooms are smallish so I would recommend spending a few extra pounds for access to the roomy and well equipped Executive Lounge which is located on the first floor. You get free breakfast in the morning, snacks during the day and cocktails in the evening plus free internet.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a bad hotel for the price,"Spent one night here after my work Christmas meal - the hotel location was perfect for me, as it's just down the road from the Westfield shopping centre. I'd looked it up on a map beforehand, but it was actually much closer to the shopping centre and Shepherd's Bush stations than I'd realised. Despite being in a pretty busy area, and having a lively-sounding bar in the hotel itself, I couldn't hear a thing once I'd got to my room and I had a great night's sleep. The only disturbances were from other guests making a racket in the corridors during the night, but that can't be helped I guess.  Check-in was quick and pleasant enough - there was a bit of a queue when I arrived, but I was soon checked in. Room was perfectly clean and comfortable, although the view was pretty grim - on…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bit far out,Booked this hotel without realising how far out it is.  Nearest tube is Shepherds Bush.  However it's great if you want to go shopping at Westfield.  Hotel didn't seem up to the standard of other Hiltons but I guess it's a bit old and dated and they can't do a lot about it.  Room was a reasonable size but the bed/matress wasn't firmly fixed and kept moving.  Not conducive to a good night's sleep.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Bad,"I have stayed in this hotel many times.  For me, it is in a great location between Central London and Stockley; with a tube station and large shopping mall within easy walking distance.   Also close to Hyde park, which is very nice and relaxing if you are in to that (reading, walking, jogging, people watching).  It is not like you want to stay in your room and watch TV anyway, as there is nothing really to watch (no movie channels like HBO or any American sports,; they do have an occasional football/soccer match if you are in to that).  Hotel is clean and well kept.   Staff are friendly and helpful.   I would put the food as mediocre at best, but it is a hotel, so can't expect much.  Can't beat the Hilton Exec lounge if you are a member and have access.   If you have to go with…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Service Average","Located very close to westfields mall so very convenient for shoppers, and hotel is nice, beautiful lounge and secure location. Breakfast has a good variety and is tasty. Service is quite poor though, they were busy and very understaffed, did not get any response from room service for extra blankets 2 nights in a row. This is what put us off a little. Otherwise, nice place, only need to improve their service.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shokingly inefficient and too average for the price!,"I spent a week in the hotel and I must admit it's not a place where I'd desire to come back. Luckily the accommodation was paid by my employer, or else I'd really be annoyed at the value for money. The check-in took forever, as the receptionists ended up fixing someone's wifi for half an hour. An enormous queue built up, but they didn't seem very concern, which was the first bad omen. The staff were relatively untrained and when I later sought some assistance, they kept sending me from one to another (it is me, of course, who has to run around). The room was very small - just a little larger than the bed. The bathroom was clean, but basic. Breakfast was relatively good and was included in the price of the room. The internet was not and it's awfully expensive, but as I was on the…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No HHonors upgrades,"This hotel is acceptable but does not often offer the diamond hhonors member upgrades (rooms quite small and old). Personally I think that the staff need some extra training as the often struggle to comprehend basic requests from the customer, potentially language barriers",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fine for a night !,"Good central location walking distance to Westfield shopping Centre and tubes. Clean rooms if a little tired, Executive lounge great value for money. Staff ok not overly friendly except for the Concierge man who was fabulous. A satisfactory stay .",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing stay,"I was in London on business, and the cleanliness, convenience and comfort of this hotel were unmatched. Made my trip less stressful. All this for a very reasonable price I felt. I would definitely stay here again and additionally try the facilities the next time around as I did not do so this time",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location & lovely stay,"During my stay at Hilton London Kensington, I explored the hotel as I stayed for over 3 months with them ! The hotel rooms are small but comfortable and offer a great view specially the front facing ones ! The hotel gym is a good place to keep fit followed by steam and sauna room to relax your self ! The hotel is a great business deal and if offers some yummy sweets at High Tea followed by snacks and drinks at the executive lounge to all its Hilton Honors members!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Poor service, put in a room where there was already a guest in it. Waited 25 mins for a TV remote (this should have been in the room) when you pay £189 for a night it should be a least good. Breakfast was poor quality, most things were low, it was also cold.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
3267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"The hotel is nice and has all the equipments that you can expect from a hilton hotel. there is a well equiped gym, breakfeast is good and wifi is free every where in the hotel. The hotel is not centrally located but  it is quite easy to get in the center with the subway (approx 20 min), but there is the biggest mall in London at only 5 min walk from the hotel so quite convenient if you need to do some shopping and nothing hill is also quite close. My only negative comment is that the rooms are very small, i'm not sure how two people can fit in this tiny room especially if you have big suitcases.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected More,For a Hilton hotel I was left disappointed.  The room I stayed in was a Junior Suite which was really nice and had everything I would expect.  The service from the hotel staff was lacking and the only time anyone enquired about my stay was the porter who was carrying my bags down to my car.  I had planned to eat in the restaurant after a day of shopping but found it was closed which forced me to order room service from the bar menu.  The food was appalling.  Some of the worst I have ever tasted.  I also ordered a mojito and when it arrived the lime had a black edge around it and the mint leaves had seen better days weeks ago.  Nice hotel to stay in if you don't need any type of personal touches and don't eat there.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standards have slipped,I stay here regularly for work and have noticed the standard of customer service has declined recently. Check in and check out can be slow and they sometimes get things wrong. Also the room cleaning standard seems to be not particularly thorough.   ,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Base for Albert Hall,The king sized room we had would be a bit cramped for a weeks stay but since we were there over a weekend it was adequate for our needs. We found it to be a short taxi ride to the Albert Hall which was the reason for our visit to the city. The staff at the Hotel were exceptionally pleasant and helpful. When we arrived the computer system had crashed so we were given a voucher to take to the bar and receive a free drink. The receptionist sought us out and issued us with our room keys. The concierge was very knowledgeable about the surrounding area when we asked a few questions. The buffet style breakfast certainly did not leave anyone feeling hungry after seeing the variety of food on display.  One disappointment was when we discovered the restaurant was not open on Sunday…,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,We stayed at the Kensington Hilton  last weekend to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Upon our arrival we were checked in very efficiently by the lady on reception desk who was training a new member of staff. When we got to our room on the third floor we found we had been upgraded. We had booked a room using Tesco vouchers and usually these rooms tend to be box-rooms but not on this occasion. We had a good-sized double room which was well appointed and very modern.We had been left a nice bottle of champagne on ice - we had not mentioned our anniversary so that was a very pleasant surprise. We stayed for two nights and slept well in a nice quiet environment. Breakfast was excellent - probably one of the best hotel breakfasts we have had and the service was very good. After we…,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent staff, convenient location","We stayed for 3 days a week ago - what a pleasure! Great modern decor and a vibey feel. Our room was not ready when we arrived, but we left our bags and the wait was worth it, for the great room. Large, very comfortable bed and although we were in the front of the hotel, the 3rd floor room was very quiet. The staff were super friendly and courteous and the concierge was exceptional. Breakfast was really good with good variety. Transport into the London Central hub is excellent, with the hop on hop off bus stopping just outside, less than 5 minutes to the tube, even less to Shepherds Bush Overground (straight trip to Wimbledon and Hampton Court Palace) and taxis on tap. The walk up Holland Park avenue offers a few pubs and affordable eateries and fancy Westfield shopping centre…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Eva Lopez 5 Star Review,"Another fantastic stay, I am a Hilton Ambassador, Diamond all the way and love the brand. I was staying for a special Birthday celebration, and the Hilton did all the can to make my stay special. Still waiting to stay in your presidential suite I may add. Now the whole point of this feedback is not really the hotel, as if I am honest there were a couple of things that were not up to scratch but I won't mention those. I can overlook them because of one lady, Eva Lopez (Whom I have never met) This member of staff really understands the Brand values, and as such transports them into the customers stay! I feel refreshed and happy knowing there are personnel like Eva in the Hilton Brand. Diamond members notice certain things, the attention to detail and the extra miles that are so…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really pleasant and enjoyable,"Beautiful hotel rooms lovely and warm, clean and spacious. Near underground and  massive shopping centre just across the road perfect location going back again in jan this year. Staff REALLY helpful polite and friendly they are a credit to the hotel keep up the good work :-)))))",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent stay and good location,"Close to the Shepard Bush Tube Underground which gets you to Hyde Park.  Plus Buses go past the hotel that will get you to main hot spots like Picadilly Circle and Hyde Park.   Place was clean and efficient.  Wish they would have had free WiFi in the rooms and not just the lobby.  Never went to the Hotel bar,  Did look clean and modern.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews, Great location and like this one !!,Stayed twice now and really like this hotel ! Convenient to Westfield shopping ! Bit  of a trek to central London but good for general places!! Used bar and gym and rooms are a little small but ok! Nice feel to the hotel! Would use again ! went to theatres and trafalgar from here so don't hesitate ,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to expectations,"I had expected a bit of luxury from a Hilton, however this was very ordinary and more like a cheaper branded chain of hotels. We had booked a deluxe room, but the room was cramped and quite ordinary, although I was shown two more rooms, they offered nothing extra. Also there was only one bathrobe, one cup and a hair in the bath. All of this was put right very quickly by the chambermaid. Also the bathroom is tiny. After speaking to the manager about our disappointment, he was wonderful and gave us unlimited use of the executive lounge. Worth having and I would recommend paying for it anyway. The thing that does set this apart from less reknowned chains is the service. Wonderful staff, and a brilliant concierge.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Bright, and Well-Located, But...","This is hotel is in a location you might not consider for a London visit, west of Notting Hill (very nice), just east of the brutal concretist Shepherd's Bush roundabout (not very nice). Consider it anyway. Holland Park Avenue is a broad leafy boulevard lined with smart homes, schools, and nice eateries, and while the walk to Shepherd's Bush tube station is short and miserable, the longer walk east to Holland Park station is very pleasant. The 94 bus will take you from the hotel's front door straight to Piccadilly. If you're arriving via Heathrow Express or other trains from west / northwest into Paddington, the station is a short ride away.  Property itself is modern, comfortable, and well-kept. Recent updates to rooms include top-flight bathroom fixtures and lighting, lots of…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Noisy room!,As a business user of Hilton hotels (I am a Gold card holder) I booked this due to cost and location. I didn't actually spend that much time in the room as I was at an event elsewhere for most of the time and only used the room for 2 hours work on my laptop and six hours sleeping. The wifi in the room was useless and kept disconnecting and the room was next to the service elevator which was incredibly noisy when the doors opened and shut. Due to the lack of time that I had I didn't complain. Now bottom of my list of Hiltons in London!,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Close to Shepherds Bush and just outside the congestion zone, this is ideal if you need a hotel west of Central London. The sevice and food were good, but the general decor lacked individuality, so you could be staying in any one of a number of hotels of a similar level.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Best buffet breakfast I had in all of my time in England!   Rooms very modern, clean and comfortable and good size for an expensive city like London. Really comfy beds too!  Free internet in the lobby was good and concierge was really knowledgeable and helpful.   Hop on hop off bus connector bus stop is across from the hotel, so even though it is a bit out of the main city sights it is easy to get in by hop on hop off bus or rail station down the road. Lovely leafy area of London and 5 minutes walk to the big Westfield shopping centre which was convenient for restaurants too.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend,"We have just spent a wonderful weekend in London and stayed at the Hilton, Kensington.  Can thoroughly recommend it.  Staff very helpful and room very modern and clean.  Had breakfast included and it was exceptional with an amazing choice.  Loved the decor in the public rooms.  Big thank you to the concierge - we left our bags before checking in as we arrived too early and then also on the day we left and picked them up before going home.  Thank you to the hotel for the bottle of champagne - it was our 40th wedding anniversary.  The hotel is very near Shepherd;s Bush underground (central line) and also near to Westfield shopping centre which has a great selection of restaurants.  We did a tour of The Albert Hall including afternoon tea.  On Saturday we did the London hop on hop…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not at Hilton's level,"I'm used to different standards when staying in a Hilton Hotel especially if I book a suite. This Hotel ,well located in a nice London's area such Kensigton, it's not so bad although not outstanding as I expected. Amenities and Breakfast are good ( sauna, executive lounge , pc's ) what could be improved are instead  wi-fi coverage either at the reception or in the rooms, cleanning, customer service.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good experience,"I stayed one night at the hotel, so that I could attend a gig at the O2 Shepherds Bush. I booked and paid for a Single Room in advance through an online hotel website, and I was aware that the place has received mixed reviews on here. But the excellent location close to the venue and to Shepherd's Bush tube station were the deciding factor.  Well, I can't say that I have any real complaints. Check in was fast and courteous, and the gentleman on duty assigned me a single room with a walk-in large shower (no tub), looking out onto a side street, which was just what I wanted.  The room was not huge  - but it is a single, and has a large double bed, which inevitably takes up a lot of space. Nevertheless, it left room for a desk and a small chair and table, and enough room to move…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,"The hotel is tired, the room that I stayed in was small and tired, TV reception was poor, air con not very effective.  Leisure/gym facilities very old, not much to use and a very small room in the basement  Overall not very good",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
3286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I've been to this hotel a few times. The location is great, walking distance to both  High Street Kensington and Hammersmith.  Breakfast is good and the restaurant can't get a tad too busy in the morning. The rooms are refurbished and new, but they are quite small.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and Amazing Staff and Exceptional Concierge,"My husband is a Diamond Member but please don't let that fool you into believing that always makes a difference on how he is treated at a Hilton property, cause rest assured at times it does not matter.  We have been staying at this property for YEARS!!!  The location is perfect!!! It has multiple tube stations very close by and the restaurants are plentiful close by as is the shopping and the park.  This truly is a perfect place to stay for convenience if nothing else.  We do try on occasion to try other Hilton properties in town just to see other parts of town and to see if possibly we might like another hotel and their staff and rooms any better but we always return to the Kensington.  The other hotels do not have staff that are as kind and helpful to be quite honest.  The…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor show,"We booked this hotel due to the central location, which was ideal, the room was small and very cramped, but adequate for what we needed. Check in was very slow, long queue and on 1 receptionist on duty, thus a long wait. The concierge was great, very helpful and willing to offer good advice when needed. The breakfast was good, a wide variety of food and plenty of it, however surely there is some form of dress code, on the second morning two women appeared for breakfast wearing onesies and slippers!!! I thought room service was available for those who are too lazy to get dressed! This is a step to far and several other diners appeared uncomfortable.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location,"This hotel is well located for business or leisure visit, friendly staff and helpful concierge service, easy access to underground, and shopping next to one of the largest shopping malls, great restaurants",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Kensington Hilton, friendly hotel","I have stayed at this hotel on a regular basis for over a year and have never had a bad stay. The staff are extremelly helpful, the rooms are more than adequate, the breakfasts are exceptional.The location is fantastic for Westfield, overland rail, underground and buses into Central London.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,More than adequate,"A very good stay from check-in to check-out. Receptionist was very helpful and informative. We had booked a deluxe room but got upgraded to an executive room on the 6th floor. The room, although not particularly big, was modern and well kept and had a lovely comfy bed and a big TV. The breakfast buffet in the morning was plentiful and very good quality, all in all, a great stay and I would happily return.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent for shopping,"We stayed here to celebrate my birthday and anniversary. Staff kindle and unexpectedly left champagne, cake and jelly beans in our room. Location for shopping was perfect as just opposite Westfield shopping centre which has over 300 outlets. Executive lounge was better then normal for a Hilton Hotel and breakfast including the notorious hilton vegetable sausage was excellent. All the staff were very friendly and would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not very happy!,"Very dissapointed with our stay in this hotel, my adult childrens room was updated free of charge due to a spring poking up through my daughters mattress, our room was so woefully small and our bed was shocking, I asked at reception to change our room, but they could not help us unless we paid an extra fee which I did 630.00 pound extra!  As for the food, my husband sent back his steak twice as it was stone cold, all they did was to nuke it on both occassions!  Sorry but very dissappointing! ",None,2.0
3294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed,"The pictures look nice in the internet, but it is far cry from the actual condition. Although some rooms have been renovated, they are small. Left alone the old rooms and the old building. Needs major renovation to bring back the ""Hilton"" quality.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
3295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton in Kensington, London","Great property.  Rooms are very well appointed.  Happy hours and food in the lounge were very good.  Convenient to the tube, so it was easy getting to it from the airport, and easy to get downtown.  You don't need a car.   We'd stay here again.       ",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs TLC to retain Hilton standard,"I stayed for one night, transiting from Brisbane to New York. My reason for choosing Hilton was twofold: to earn points with HHonors and to be close by taxi to Paddington Station. As a one night guest, the usual plethora of amenities were of little concern to me on this occasion; all I needed was a good night's rest and internet access. That said, I have tried not to exclude too many details for the benefit of readers who may be considering longer stays at this hotel.  First impression of the hotel exterior was of a drab building next to a somewhat busy road and overlooking a small well-kept park. Check-in was smooth, and although the reception is all marble and tiles, it was dated and in need of a refresh sooner rather than later.  I was assigned a room either on or very close…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Weekend,"Stayed Saturday night, All amenities needed and well located. Close enough to the center of London for all attractions. May need to make use bus/taxi or underground but a pleasant day time walk through Hyde Park for the more energetic. Westfield shopping center very close by lots of restaurants and shops, designer and otherwise.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very average,I've stayed here a few times on business - not my first choice as it is not a great location for where I need to be for work but it's fairly convenient for the tube.  As a hilton honors member I don't think I've ever been upgraded - the standard rooms are functional but in need of a refurbishment - lots of beige and general wear and tear.  The room I have this week has a super kingsized bed which is great except it is the noisiest bed I think I be slept in - probably time it was replaced ( but maybe a problem isolated with this room).    The Exec Lounge is fairly nice but the range of evening canapés and serving times for drinks is not as good as other Hilton's in London.  The bar is open plan to receptionist and regularly has sport playing on the TVs which is fine if you like…,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location and great staff,"Stayed at Hilton Kensington for 3 nights when we first flew in from Australia.  The room was ready as soon as we got there which was a wonderful surprise.   The room was more than big enough to fit the three of us.  Even the fold out single sofa seat bed was comfortable.    The front desk and restaurant staff were very polite and friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were made to feel welcome.  Concierge on the other hand were a little less attentive - during one conversation I was having with the Concierge, mid sentence he started talking to another guest who appeared to be a regular to him.  But this was a minor issue and only happened the once.  On the whole I would recommend this hotel as it was easy to get around London with the hop on/off bus stop right across…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cornish Choirs at the Albert Hall,"Having read some of the reviews of this hotel I was to be quite honest a bit worried about what to expect.  We were held up in terrible traffic coming up from Cornwall so were 2 1/2  hours late getting to the hotel so we only had 30 minutes to get ourselves ready for dinner.  The staff coped admirably well, the food was lovely and we were very pleased with our room, a little small perhaps but very clean, lovely toiletries, tea/coffee etc.  The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom top class.  Breakfast next morning, well I have never experienced such a variety at breakfast time, and we all looked forward to breakfast time every morning which kept us filled up until mid afternoon.  All the staff were very friendly and apologetic if they forgot to clear away our dirty dishes…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"We checked in to the hotel at approx 4pm,where we  were greeted  by a friendily receptonist who was chatty and polite to us.She immediately upgraded us to a Exec room which was great,she also informed us we could use the Exec loungewhich offered comp drinks and nibbles,thatis open from 6pm to8pm.We arrived shortly after 6pm the staff were efficent and friendily as well.We met some nice guests in there who we got talking to.We had apleasant evening there,we also had a bottle of sparkling wine sent up to our room for my bday which was a nice touch.The room was fine but not to spacious but more than adequate.Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice and nice and hot<buffet breakfast>.So all in all a really good wend,well done kens Hilton.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton, Kensington-London","Although my room was large, comfortable and clean, overall I was not impressed by this Hilton at all. It is certainly not worth the price paid. Breakfast is extra at £15 and there is no free wifi in the rooms, though it is available for a staggering £15 extra per day!  The a/c in my room was noisy, even when switched off it seemed. My colleagues room was very small and much less comfortable. Also, they do not accept Mastercard and require you to pay on arrival. The staff were mostly very friendly and helpful and it is reasonably well served by public transport. Overall, I would not return here.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
3303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Half Term Sightseeing Visit,"Stayed for 4 days/3 nights 30/10 to 02/11 on a half term sightseeing trip with the kids.  Booked two twin rooms via Expedia to give us a bit more room, got a deal with breakfast included which worked out much better value than paying for breakfast on arrival.  Price overall wasn't bad given it's London.  Location is fine, 5 minutes walk to Shepherds Bush underground and a short Tube trip along the Central Line to the majority of the popular London attractions.  Adjacent to the underground are the Westfield and West 12 shopping centres, loads of shops and restaurants here.  Requested adjacent rooms beforehand, on arrival the receptionist said we could have interconnecting if we were happy for one of the rooms to be King size bed instead.  We accepted this, which was much more…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,:( would have expected more at a Hilton,Not very impressed at all! Rooms were small for the price but clean. The restaurant was closed in the evening although advertised as open on the website. We decided to fill up at breakfast but for approx. £25 a head - a café down the road would have been far better value.,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
3305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service!,"Unequaled service from Concierges ANTONY LYNCH, TIM QUOY and Food & Beverage Manager ANDREW PINFOLD . . . each of whom came up with excellent business and personal suggestions and were outstanding. Highly satisfied in a first rate hotel in a great London neighborhood. Mr & Mrs B, New York",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Refurbishing urgently required,"We recently stayed at the Hilton Kensington and the whole hotel should be refurbished.  First room we had was missing a security latch on the door.  Switched to a second room and we found that there wasn't enough space in their basic room for the big suitcases and upgraded to another room.  Well, this room had problems with the air conditioning.  The motherboard was shot and they didn't have any other to fix it that night.  The engineer fixed it for the night and offered to have us moved the following day.  Also we asked for a room in the back as the room was on Holland Park Ave. (ambulances, police, drunken persons and dog barking during the night). We were moved the following day into another room and at least the room was in the back but every time we would flush the toilet…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
3307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Poor facility, then accident, then poor care","During the stay I had an accident caused by a poorly secured carpet on the exit to the bathroom.  This resulted in a severly bruised shoulder and a large cut on my head.  The follow-up was very poor from the hotel, with the call and communication of accident investigation informarion not occurring in the way indicated.  I was left feeling that they did not care once I was out of the building.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
3308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Meh,"We needed a hotel within fairly easy reach of the Hammersmith Apollo, where me and my husband were going to see Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. It definitely ticked that box, being just 3 stops away on the tube. However, although the hotel is located in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea, it would be more accurately called Hilton London Shepherd's Bush. Anyone staying here hoping to pop round the corner to Harrods would be disappointed.  The hotel had good and bad points...  Good: very large and comfy bed; helpful and welcoming bar manager; good choice of breakfast available  Bad: room a bit bland and quite small; restaurant understaffed at breakfast so we had to chase our coffee; and worst of all, no free wi-fi in the room, which, when you're paying a premium to stay in the…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Erratic service and cold room, good cocktails though!","We stayed here as we were attending a concert at nearby Shepherds Bush Empire - it is a brilliant location if you are going there, five minutes walk.  I had had some problems with my booking in advance (not the hotel's fault) and they had been extremely helpful in changing this for me.  However, some emails in the week leading up to my stay went unanswered so it is hit and miss. Reception was always busy and crowded and check-in was slow.  We were in the Hilton Honors queue when the person dealing with this queue just disappeared so we then had to start again in the main queue.  The person in front of me in the Hiltons Honours queue was very vocal about this.  Our room was clean but fairly basic considering it was a suite - cheap furniture, stained carpet, hard mattress etc. …",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good quality stay in Kensington,Perfect for business travel. Good service at front desk and concierge. Hotel situated in a nice residential area and close to first class shopping centre (Westfield mall). Room was clean and tidy. Nothing negative to say.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I will be back :),"Hello hilton, I just want to say that the hotel is excellent, good service, good location for shopping and for holidays I was staying with me husband in 2058 the room was nice and clean, bathroom was a bit small but clean, fresh smell ,bed very comfortable, the girl ho clean the room was very kind and help fool thank for her :) Barr was okey, just porter ho take the soot cases up was a bit to root, but it's ok we will be back because the money what we paid was worth to pay :) see you next time :)",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Buisness Trip To London,I regularly travel to London for business and I believe this hotel is quite friendly. The staff are extremely nice and very approachable.   The staff in the Executive lounge are also friendly. Whilst the serving time for alcohol is only 20:30 the lounge is open for several house after where hot and carbonated drinks are available. The lounge also offers a good place to have breakfast in a quieter environment if you find the main restaurant too loud.  The hotel is a few minutes away from Westfield given a lot of variety for restaurants for evening meals. It also houses a cinema for entrainment.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Depends on what you are looking for,"I am just about to leave the Hilton London Kensington and have mixed feelings about this hotel.  Depending on where you need to be in London on a daily basis, this hotel may or may not be ideal for you.  I had to travel a lot and took a lot of cabs, which cost a fortune.  If you stay here, make sure you ask explicitly about the train system.  I asked for best way to get somewhere and was told cabs, and spent a fortune the first 3 days.  My co-worker asked a few days later and was told the ""tube"", or subway as we call it in America.  This was by far the best way to get around, if you can handle a very small walk to the station and be crammed in railway cars, like you were in a competition to see how many people you could fit in one car.  Just joking, this is not all the time, but…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location was good.,"I could go shopping to the mall next of Hilton.  It was very easy to visit.  And the quality of this mall was good.  I took bus tour also, I could ride on the bus from in front of Hilton.  This was also good.  The pitty thing was that I am a member of Hilton Premiun Club of Japan, but I couldn't use this card here in UK.  I had breakfast twice, it was good.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,For the price charged it was under par,"Stayed here for one night for a conference - paid >£230.  Room had multiple bright lights that could not be covered or switched off to disturb getting to sleep.  The heat / aircon was very hard to balance and it was either too warm or too cold.  A fair bit of noise in the corridor.  Small bathroom.  Internet £14.99.  Plus points, easy to get to underground.  Business facilities are all there. Staff were friendly and helpful.    Hilton - must try harder here.  If price was £109 to £129, then it would be 3 stars.  Sort out the lights and air-con, maybe a 4 star rating.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
3316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,As Expected!,"Stayed here a couple of years ago so we knew what to expect. Location is very good sitting between the two Tube stations of Holland Park and Sheperds Bush, you also have Westfield Shopping Centre on your doorstep. This is a typical London Hotel and the rates are high but what you can expect across the Capital in other establishments. Rooms are small but if you are in and out all the time you will not notice.  As an HHonors card holder have never managed an upgrade here but did have the lounge access which is a bonus. Nothing special about the lounge however, breakfast is ok, evening canapés average. Dined in the restaurant one night and food was very good albeit you are again paying high prices. Concierge desk helpful...would add that it would be nice for some of the staff to…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,If you wish to freeze stay at  this hotel,"This is, in all respects but one, an excellent hotel,. Great location, relatively good price for such a great location, nice staff, clean rooms. I have stayed there at least 50 iimes and was always quite happy Except, but this is a big one, when Fall and Winter come. The hotel has absolutely no heating. It s a mystery to me. There is a vent that is supposed to heat the rooms but it never works. In summer though it does blow cold air. But in Winter it does the same. I have talked a countess number of times to the staff. and they all shrug  their shoulders: nobody knows why it s not working. Then they bring you some old space heaters which in turn do not work, and there you are spending 250 pounds  per night and yes, freezing under two blankets in your room. Crazy!  They should…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,has the potential to be excellent,"THis hotel has the potential to be excellent. Service needs improving. Rooms can be better. Price could be better so one could say it was good value for money. So improvements needed,  but overall good hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable Hilton Hotel,"I've stayed at this hotel at least a dozen times over the last 18 months.  Perfectly acceptable fairly average Hilton hotel - nothing much wrong with it, nor anything exceptionally good about it.  Rooms are reasonably furnished with everything you'd expect to find in a Hilton, although most are slightly on the small side.  Top floor rooms are of a very variable size - I had one room there that was so small I complained and was moved.  The new room, on the same floor, was the biggest, and best, room I've ever had.  The hotel is not my first choice Hilton in London (at its price point), but I'm quite happy to stay when my first choice Hilton is not available.       ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happy to have taken a chance on this one,"Before booking, I read several reviews about this hotel .... many of the reviews were not favourable.  However, as I do not know London, I took a chance.  My friend and I were pleasantly surprised.  The room, though on the smaller side, was well appointed.  The beds were very comfortable, contrary to some of the comments I had read.  The service was very friendly and efficient.  The breakfast was plentiful and delicious.  It is located on Holland Park not too far away from the tube and buses run in front of the hotel.  Also convenient is the Westfield Mall located about a five minute walk from the hotel.  Of course I do not know what things are like during the busy summer months .... At this time of the year (beginning to mid-Oct.), the hotel was still somewhat busy and I…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thank you!,"I wanted to thank the Executive Lounge Supervisor Miss Lopez and Nicholas from the Reception for their fantastic behaviour, dealing with an issue we had. That was lovely Service and they really cared to make our stay as nice as possible. Our room's now perfect, we have everything we Need to enjoy this Hilton property and London. I will recommend this both for Hhonors status guests (the Lounge is perfect) as well as normal guests.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful spot!,"Very nice hotel, with very good instalations and very nice acommodation! The bar is open 24 hours, what is very friendly...  It´s very near of the most interesting points, you can go by your own or catch a táxi!!  The people of the hotel are very kind!",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great area, fair hotel","The hotel is in a great area, near Holland Park and the Shepard's Bush mall.  The subway/tube is very convenient to the hotel.  The rooms are very small.  And we even had the executive room.  I can imagine how small the standard rooms are.  We had a king bed -- there wasn't much other space in the room other than the bed.  They put a double sheet on a king size bed -- it took 2 requests to get it changed.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hôtel close to Olympia & Westfield,"The hotel is ok, some rooms are really small don't hesitate to ask for any other availability, the receptionist are great. Breakfast is simple and good. Hotel location is convenient for shopping or going to Olympia fair. Watch out there are 2 Hilton in the area and taxis are often confusing them.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,awful,"I am an experienced business and leisure travel. Been to London at high end hotels and also adequate accommodations that are clean and well run. Never anything so substandard. I am only here tonight because this was the only hotel available through my company site. Trust me, this hotel is as bad as some reviews say. I have checked in today and I am now up even after midnight desperately trying to find a room at another hotel in the city for the remainder of my stay. I was told upon check in that only the first and second floor rooms have been refurbished, so they put me on the second floor so that I would get the ""superior"" room I had booked. Hallway STINKS of cigarette smoke although it is a non smoking floor + my comforter cover has HOLES in it. Seriously? they even charged me…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
3326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Weekend Stay,"Booked in for the weekend.Staff very polite and friendly,speedy booking in.Double deluxe room,very clean and comfortable, overlooking the gardens,no problems.Bathroom spotless and well equipped.Quiet  and comfortable nights sleep. Easy access to tube stations or on a nice day, pleasant stroll to notting hill.Breakfast, a very good standard and service in a pleasant room.  Overall we had a lovely stay.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for All,"The hotel is in a great location, very close to Shepards Bush Tube stations and Westfield shopping centre.  The hotel is very clean, modern and the staff are of a high quality.  Then again what do you expect from Hilton?  I will be staying there again. It's my first pick for a London Hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average, nothing special, don't expect much.","So we went for a deluxe double, for just me and my parter at £159. This was the cheapest and most acceptable hotel we could get at shot notice! To be honest, its not terrible for the money, but it could be better. I expected a more modern bathroom at the least, it had a cheap 99p shower curtain and you could see the sealant was so old on the bath it was starting to detach. The food was majorly over priced. £16 for a pizza, that definitely didn't taste fresh. Although it was nice, it was so expensive id rather venture out in the rain next time and find a restaurant nearby! The location couldn't be better! and parking was £25 (extortionate but cheap for london) Bed was comfy, and had a really quiet nights sleep, i could hear people in the corridor but no one in the rooms around,…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Checking in went smoothly, executive room exceeded expectations. Executive lounge with free drinks and nibbles was a lovely was to begin the evening. Location was great. Friendly helpful staff. Had a lovely relaxing weekend in London",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Review for trip on Friday 11th  October 2013,"My husband and I were going to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall on this night. I had booked in advance online. This hotel came up as a good location for us getting to the concert venue as well as for going shopping in Oxford street the next day? On completing the online booking form direct on the hotels website, a pop up window said if you would like the option to upgrade on the day from a double room to a double deluxe room to tick the box. On arrival at the hotel you can then pay £20 extra if there is a double deluxe available. On checking in I was told that there was so I paid the extra. You were supposed to get a better room with free wifi in the room and a dressing gown and slippers as extras over and above a standard double room. I had to phone reception to get a…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Disapointing,"It was our 7th year at the Hilton, and thought the standard of the room was poor, bathrooms need upgrading, Bed did not have a base, and the towels were grey and rough, a face cloth now and then, need 3 pillows, not at all like the pictures shown.  Lot of money for rooms not good value for  money unlike north America. Great Location and good Breakfast. After the 5th night was really pleased to be checking out I am afraid it will be the last time.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Large busy hotel in convenient location,"Good to reach from Heathrow, the hotel is close to all Kensington and Chelsea points of interests with plenty of restaurants and bars in the vicinity. Located halfway between two tube stations (Shepherds Bush and Holland Park) it takes a 10-15 minutes walk to reach either. Except during rush hours, taxis are easily flagged in front of the hotel (Holland Park Avenue). Rooms are small but convenient with nothing missing. With 600 rooms breakfast tend to be quite a crowded affair with some waiting time for your beverage while the self service buffet is on hand. Choices and quality there are okay but not outstanding. Serving staff can be abrupt at times. What is missing outside regular meal hours is a coffee shop type of restaurant, surprisingly missing in such a large place. It's…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An Excellent Stay,I booked into the Hilton Kensington for one night while attending an exhibition in London. The hotel is well situated with tube stations Shepherd's Bush and Holland Park just minutes away. Although on quite a busy road the hotel room was quiet and as a Hilton Gold member I was upgraded to an executive suite which was very good. All the staff I met were extremely helpful and courteous. The Executive Lounge was really good with drinks and canapes in the early evening and a good choice at breakfast time. I will certainly stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Solid 4 stars but you'll pay for extras,"I stay at Hiltons quite a lot because the brand (mostly) ensures you know what you're going to get. This one doesn't disappoint - it has everything you need for a business trip, but if you're looking for leisure, find somewhere less corporate. The restaurant was very good for breakfast and lunch, didn't have dinner. The car park is very expensive (£35 for 24h), but this may not be a problem. Kensington High St proper is a couple of minutes' walk. Any extras you get are very expensive (although the room, by London standards, was average) - parking and printing, for example. The only real complaint I had was the gym, which is tiny and felt like it had been a box-ticking exercise just so they could say they had one, but didn't expect anyone to actually use it - it was so small I…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"No big praise, no big complaint","Nothing phenomenal, nothing huge to complain. Chose this hotel based on a friend's suggestion.  Holland Park is a nice, safe place to stay with good nearby restaurants, walking distance to tube, close to parks for running, and with a good gym. It's about 10 minutes from Paddington Station via taxi.  The staff was helpful with our early check-in and late check-out, and helping us get to places, however there was a bit of a mix up when it came time to transfer to our real room. We were promised the nicer room we'd reserved but didn't get due to early check-in but then they never moved us, and it took over an hour to sort out. Then the new room didn't have fully functioning outlets and lights.  The breakfast offered is typical English breakfast and worth getting. It's a good…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London,"Our stay at the Hilton London Kensington was perfect.  The location is great, walking distance to the tube and overground.  Walking distance to shopping and numerous food choices.  All the staff was outstanding and very friendly!  Would highly recommend your hotel!",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Hilton Experience,"Such a big let down from every other Hilton that my husband and I have stayed at!  Advantages: Friendly customer service Quiet at night for sleeping Location to Westfield Mall and various restaurants Access to Shepherd Bush Subway Clean room Average but large English breakfast 6 public computers (however only three of them worked!) Executive Lounge ( however, only for those who choose to pay for more expensive rooms!) some bathroom toiletries  Disadvantages: Very expensive WiFi cramped rooms no fitness facility or swimming pool difficulty in adjusting shower head",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Like Paris Hilton's heels would be broken,"I spent in this hotel 2 nights. Beside the fact, that my reservation for 278 pounds / 2 nights.  What was not in this hotel, what you usually should find for this amount: - plug close to bed to charge my phone...there was actually no plug at all, I had to pull a light - bidet - breakfast (I could have bought for 12 € / day) - clean bathroom (there were corrosion tracks on the tub) - complementary internet (there was 1 hour for free IN THE PUBLIC AREAS, definitely nothing in the room for free)  The quality of sleep was perfect although, the mattress was very very good. Staff was nice, nothing special though. One night we drank something at the bar. When we wanted to make sure on what room the tab was open, the barman started almost to yell at us, that we should just stay cool and…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington a pragmatic choice,"This Hilton is well located in very quiet  avenue in front of holland park but very well connected to the heart of the city by the tube ,Sheferd bush station is at about 5 minutes walk,and a bus stop is just in front of the door.the amenities are good enough (confort a l'americaine).rooms are small but well furbished and clean,unfortunately no Wifi without charge in them.frustration.breakfast is average but large :fried eggs served always cold.service almost good,but not in the standards of an Hilton hotel,specialy in the desk,despite a sympatic try. We recommend an executive room inorder to benefit of very good lounge.practical to a business traveller We can say,it was a nice stay to visit London .Windsfield Mall was not so far",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Hilton is not a cheap hotel and because of their history you may expect an exellent service. But Hilton used our room during our stay for not neccessary maintenaince (television). We found a letter from the management when we came in our room at night and did not find that letter (on our desk!!!) before leaving that day after breakfast, so we could not give any comment that we did not like them to be in our room in time we were not there. We expect them to do the maintenance between check out en check in, because it was not urgent at all! We dont like people to be in out room when we are not there. After a complaint they wanted to give a bottle of wine... Lateron they did'nt charge us for one night, however at check out the receptionist charged that night as well. After any…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
3341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Way too expensive for what you get.,"This place cost £215 per night.  NOT included in the price was WiFi at £15 for 24-hours and breakfast, which is £12 if you pay in advance or £20 if you just turn up - total con on both fronts.  I'm sorry, but this place is really expensive and you don't get what you should expect at these prices.   My room was really small, the bathroom was really small, the bed wasn't that comfortable and the TV was awful - really old and slow to do anything.  On the positive side the staff are all very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a good location.  That being said, I would recommend staying somewhere else, unless you can get this place at less than £100 per night for B&B and inclusive of WiFi, as that's all I would say that this place is worth.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,I didn't like the place from the beginning. There is huge lobby which is nice but outdated. The whole place is outdated. We were on the 4th floor and the wallpaper was peeling of the walls in the hall. The rooms are very small but that is ok since we weren't in there  often. The bathroom is terrible. Looks like a 1960's Holiday Inn. Bathtub is ridiculously small. If you weigh more than 75lbs you may not fit. The tub  is narrow and the sides slope so when standing in the shower your feet are pushed together or else up the slant. The bed is awful. No box spring just a mattress on a wooden frame. Sort of like a camp bed. There was smashed bug on the wall of the room. Our traveling companions had to change rooms on check-in as it was so dirty. Went to the restaurant one night and on…,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"Not a value for the money, at all. Rooms are very small, literally tiny. I was strugling even to go from one side of the bed to another. There is a bag table (one of those which you can fold) but there is no place to put it :(... There are no bath tabs???. This not what one could expect from Hilton. The cost is higher that similar hotels, obviously brand sells the beds, but really no value.  Location was not that bad, but still you need to change two trains to get to westminster, i.e. Touristic places....",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Given the wrong grade of room,I booked a upgraded room and never got it or benefits reported to desk never put right .Room service poor wrong food deliver ed and cold . went to the front desk and phone d but problems never put right  Attitude of the staff poor except breakfast manager. They have tried to make ammendment but not really.  ,Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
3345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb well appointed location - with staff that really care,"3 days here for an important meeting and whisked through check in by Nicholas.  We asked for a room upgrade and were given one without any fuss. our room had shown as ready on the system but when we entered we realised it had not been cleaned. Nicholas to the rescue, room was changed and we were given complementary 3 course dinner for 2. we had booked a package to include breakfast and this was a very good buffet indeed. the usual cooked breakfast options, and also fresh fruit, cereals, yogurt and pastries. Delicious smoked turkey, smoked ham and even smoked mackerel. coffee and tea served to the table and freshly squeezed orange juice from your waiter at no extra charge. The dinner menu was good value for London - 2 or 3 courses available. we opted for a terrine (pate) to start…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington/Holland Park,"Good, typical Hilton comfort, cleanliness and efficiency. Good location. However beware: i. extremely small rooms and bathroom is no more than a cubicle. ii. Hilton continues its policy of extrotionate charge for in room WiFi.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable London stay,"Good sized rooms with comfy beds. Very clean. The restaurant was great. Really good food. The Executive Lounge was great! Free alcohol including champagne, limited hours but great. Good brands. The food offering was just right for snacks. Breakfast was the best. Concierge was very helpful and concerned about 2 ladies alone.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for business or pleasure!,I stayed at Hilton Kensington for a few weeks earlier this summer for both a work related and leisure stay. The location was fantastic giving easy access to central London and the staff and all the facilities were impressive! This hotel ticks all the right boxes that is for sure! My bedroom was very comfortable and the staff being so friendly and accommodating. I would also recommend the bar and restaurant too which offered a wide variety of different food and drinks at affordable prices!  I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to others in the future. Thank you all at the hotel for making my trip such a comfortable and enjoyable one! I am now looking forward to my next visit.  Mr Singh,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I would not recommend,Too poor to review. We stayed in London for 3 nights our first break in 2 years we had no sleep due to cleaners arguing outside our door in the early morning and the bed was like a squeaky toy and even with the do not disturb sign on our door the staff member still entered after midnight and awoke us asking us if we requested extra blankets.  The receptionist staff were fantastic. Nothing was to much trouble for them and I feel they held the hotel together otherwise it would be shut down.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice and near great shopping... the tube.,"Rooms are good size for London.   Guessing hotel was remodeled withing the last 6 years.  Not perfect, but well priced for the size of rooms and the city.  Westfield Mall is new and very nice.  High end and mid range shopping.   Many restaurants and coffee shops.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than last time,We stayed in June and was really badly treated so we took up an offer of trying the hotel again.  Warm welcome and found  the hotel staff were really welcoming.  I would definitely stay here again and would recommend to others staying Shepherds bush side of London .  Also dined here and was pleasantly surprised food was really good.  Looking forward to another stay ,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Solid 3 stars, ok for corporate events but terrible food","I DIDN’T stay at the hotel but was involved in a big corporate events running at this venue for 3 days. While the service for the event was smooth, I have to comment on general service and food: 1.	Service: the loose attitude of the concierge was a bit of a shock to me. This would have been ok for a cheap 2 star hotel but not for a Hilton. At breakfast and lunch, it was quite difficult to get waiters’ attention so getting coffee/ tea/ water was a bit of a mission.  2.	Food: breakfast is good and varied and buffet lunch is ok. However, the hot food from the bar was appalling. My seafood gumbo was unpleasant but worse than that – it contained meat, which was not mentioned on the menu or by the waitress (I asked a few specific questions before ordering). When I mentioned this to…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,4 STAR PRICE FOR A 2 STAR HOTEL,"My first disappointment came with trying to contact the Hilton Kensington London. The “contact us” page included a request to email questions about Hilton Hotels. I did and had no reply.   I had to make 3 phone calls before someone answered after many rings. The desk could not answer the question if the bathroom plugs would take 120-volt appliance. After being on hold a while I seemed to get someone from maintenance who assured me the outlet would handle an electric toothbrush charger but unfortunately did not remind me that the plug might not fit and I might need an adapter. I had to discover this on arrival.   We enquired at the desk if there was Wi-Fi in the room. There was for a fee, but the desk person failed to let us know that there was a Wi-Fi code we needed. We had to…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,easy for a short stay without any other expectations,"Rather well located near the Shepherds'Bush Tube station, on the Central Line. Easy access to the city. The hotel is obsolete and the only reference to Hilton is the name. It is badly maintained and not clean at all. Typically a hotel where you stay one or two nights passing through and just come to sleep. Our room, although very expensive, was small, had not been vacuum cleaned for many weeks. The carpet was very dirty as were the walls. The bed was comfortable but the bath room was dirty as well. The under side of the door and the walls looked like if the room had been flooded for months. Breakfast was reasonable. This is a hotel where every 24 hours other people sleep in the same room. It is not a publicity for Hilton.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Too small and too close for real comfort,"Even a clean, well decorated room is too tiny when you cannot get a suitcase to roll around the end of the bed.  Also, after paying $286 per night you would expect to have a continental breakfast thrown in--not the case here-breakfast was another $30 per person.  We left 1 day early because of the high cost and close quarters.  Would not stay here again.  The best thing about the hotel was the staff who cheerfully refunded the 1 day advance charge.  Also would like to commend the cleaning staff who replaced our shampoo, soap, etc. daily and kept our room immaculate.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 Day Business/Couple Stay,"It took me ages to decide on which London hotel to book for my husbands business trip.  I have to say what swung it in the end was its close proximity to both the amazing Westfield Shopping Centre and Shepherds Bush Tube/Train Station.  The facilities at the hotel were very good, the staff were all extremely helpful and polite.  I had booked a Double Room and the bed was HUGE!  As well as comfortable, what amazed me the most was the soundproofing from the hustle and bustle of central London!  With the window shut we heard NOTHING!  An absolute joy and in the evening we had the choice of 50 different restaurants and bars at the Westfield Shopping Centre which was only 500 metres walk away!  I would highly recommend staying here :)",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I had been staying at Hilton Kensington for the past 3 years due mainly to its convenience.The service for the last 2 years was satisfactory and acceptable for the price paid. I must say that the recent stay in Sept 2013 was extremely disappointing. The receptionist (especially the supervisor) were not helpful and they were in fact rather rude. I had persistent problems with my access card to the room and executive lounge and when I complained about it, they responded rudely. They insisted that the problem was me as I shouldn't put it near my devices such as iPod or iPad or cell phones. When I explained that I didn't put it next to them but merely in the same handbag or purse, they were unapologetic and unsympathetic. I further explained that I had never encountered similar…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding!,"Myself and my father stayed here for an evening weekend 21st sept. We were attending Olympia beauty so chose this hotel purely for convenience. From the moment we checked in we received nothing but 1st class treatment, service and food! The hotel location is perfect surrounded by the simply stunning period properties, with just a five minute walk to west-fields white city or Olympia. Everyone in this hotel cannot do enough to help. Even the managers recognised us from breakfast after a long day at the show! The food is faultless! The only thing to improve would be to lower drinks costs as it is rather expensive, but food very competitively priced. Without any shadow of a doubt we shall stay here again and we will recommend to others! ",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Superb Service,I arrived in London to find that QANTAS had lost my suitcase. Luckily for me I was booked in at the Hilton Kensington. The staff at Reception & Concierge were extremely helpful and considerate. Coping with the situation would have been much harder without that help and superb service,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Slightly tired looking Hilton,I've stayed here many times since being a hhonors member and the hotel has definitely seen better days. There is nothing wrong with this hotel but equally there is nothing outstanding either. Its position is good within walking distance to Westfield Shopping Center in White City where you can find a multitude of restaurants and shopping possibilities and also within walking distance to Notting Hill and the infamous Portobello Road market. The Executive Lounge is good and service very good no matter how busy it is. We were on the second floor which I would avoid as this has smoking rooms and even though we were in a non-smoking room you can still smell stale tobacco everywhere on this floor. The rooms were ok - small but had all the amenities you expect from Hilton.  So in short…,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Close to Holland Park, Great Executive Lounge","These two characteristics are the reason for my repeated stays at this hotel. My first stay was for the Queens Diamond Jubilee in 2012 (when I was able to secure a room for 65 pounds a night!). Then, I returned in May 2013 (when I used Hilton Hhonors Points.) The hotel is a short walk from either the Shepherds Bush or Holland Park Underground Stations (Central Line.) And for those ""As Time Goes By"" fans, the front door of the house used in that show is only a 3-minute walk from the hotel. The Executive Lounge is one of my favorites in London - the breakfast staff is quite accommodating, the afternoon tea includes delicious (warm) scones and clotted cream, and the evening drinks and appetizers are quite filling. I will definitely return to this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent Enough London Hotel,"Only stayed here for one night on a business trip, so didn't make full use of the facilities (like the Spa). However, the room was comfortable and clean, if a little small. I had a late dinner in the bar which was of a decent standard. Breakfast was good. Hot breakfast was not made to order, but was fine (not dried up like you find in some hotels). Hotel was quite pricey, but probably as expected for a London Hotel (it was about the same price as the Premier Inns in London)",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A tad tired.,"Firstly it is not in Kensington, but actually Shepherd's Bush, however, it has a bus stop at the front and two railway stations very close by. We had requested single beds and were booked into a double, so when I pointed this out, we were placed into a ""FAMILY"" room with trundle beds! The room was small, the bathroom was squashy and the water pressure was ridiculous, I had to run around to get wet. The breakfast had food to suit every taste and there is 45min free Wi-Fi, which wasn't too bad, considering. The lunch/evening meals are pricey, so we ate out, as there are many different restaurants and a hotel, all within walking distance. I must mention the concierge Rachid, he was so helpful and patient with us (he needed to be) every time I needed help. Finally, the Oyster card,…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dilapidated,"Another poor Hilton... overpriced, small room, not all that clean, £15 a night for wifi access - it's 2013, come on! I just don't understand how some hotels have 4* ratings - this hotel is certainly far from it.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,There must be better in London for the price ...,"Stayed for two nights - have been to London many times, and never stayed at a Hilton, nor in Kensington. The room was good - clean, a bit tight, all mod cons, everything in working order. No internet - now that's a problem - they give you 45 minutes free in the lobby. Are you serious? After that its 15 quid a day  for in-room connection. Thankfully there are ways around this charge - other free servers in the area.  Front desk less than adequate - brusque and less than friendly. The bar and lounge decent, but always harried and service slow - though nice staff.   And while the location is near the Shepherd's Bush Westfield Mall, other than that its right next to a traffic roundabout, with little else to recommend the area.  Pass.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't stay in Room 6103,I stayed 2 nights in room 6103. The bed was saggy. The room was very very noisy it sounded like a lawnmower was on all day and all night. The armchair and carpet in the room was stained. The furniture chipped. Receptions response to these points was less than impressive. I suggest that the managers in this Hilton spend a night in each room (sleep in the bed) then get all remedial work done.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Second chance comes up short,"We stayed here a few months ago.  We had issues.  I called and talked to a ""Bernadette"", she convinced me to try the place again.  We just finished our second stay and I'm sorry to say after four months little has changed.  I understand it is an old Hilton.  There is probably little that can be done for the run down look of the rooms.  I specifically talked to them about the exercise room in May.  They only have two treadmills and only one worked properly.  They also had no disinfectant wipes and the deck and belt on the one working treadmill was worn out.  Upon retuning in September the room and treadmills were unchanged, other than another layer of sweat and grime.  I watched the cleaning crew on one day do little or no real cleaning.  Several patrons were waiting in line as…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel Kensington,"Dont book room service and check the crockery does'nt have big dirty cracks, when you finish your food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom!! - Staff were very friendly during brakfast and reception staff were very welcoming.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Dissapointing,Stayed one night on business recently. The hotel is very dated and the service is in general poor. I was upgraded to an exec room which was reasonably spacious but worn out. Reception and public areas are dark. Wifi is 14.99 for 24 hours. Over all the hotel needs some investment.,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very old and need to be renewed and maintain,"Do not expect that you will live in one of Hilton luxury hotels. The hotel is old and the rooms are very tight and need to be renewed and maintain, the service is not good and if you need any request you must repeat it more than once and make more than a call until the staff pay attention to your request.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
3371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great stay and location,"My fiancé and I stayed at this hotel during our short visit to London. Although the exterior of the building could use some renovations, the interior seemed quite modern and clean and the service was good. The room may seem small, but it still served its purpose. Our room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel’s location was great – only a 5mins walk from the tube station! We would definitely stay at this hotel again!",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton I have stayed in worldwide,"This hotel is a disgrace to the Hilton brand and quite frankly you are better off staying in a budget Travelodge rather than here. No doormen to help with luggage, shabby reception and unaccomodating staff give a bad first impression. The rooms are the worst I have ever seen globally at a Hilton hotel ie. small, hard beds, stained carpets, paint chipped off everywhere and toilets that reminded me of a motorway service station I once visited just outside Paris. The only decent rooms are at the front of the hotel next to the noisy road, so you can't sleep at night either. Even if you are desperate do not stay here.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
3373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Did for the night,"We stayed here whilst attending the radio 2 Hyde park concert, and it was easy enough to get a bus there and back. On check in we just wanted to drop our stuff and go, but there was a computer glitch where bills kept getting printed instead of our check in paperwork... Most frustrating when you're in a hurry. The room was small and basic... This was supposed to be a 4 star hotel??? When we returned we wanted to soothe our aching limbs, but to be quite honest the bath was so disgusting looking we didnt want to get in it... It wasn't dirty on the inside... It had been scrubbed that often it had a matt finish The sealant round the edge had mildew growing on it! and the shower rail that held the curtain was rusty.. As I said how could this be 4 star??? The amenities in the bathroom…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for exploring London and great Exec Lounge,"Nice hotel just outside the centre of London. It takes about ¾ hour to walk from Marble Arch which is a lovely stroll beside Hyde Park or just a short tube ride to Kensington. White City shopping centre is just a short walk from the hotel. Rooms are nice and clean. Executive lounge is on the ground floor – breakfast is nice with a good selection of cold food and limited hot items, the afternoon tea was very nice with a great assortment of cakes and sandwiches, the evening snack selection is very good and drinks service is good with a small bar area where the staff serve you rather than the normal help yourself service.  A great Executive Lounge experience.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in great location for touring London,"Great hotel, just a short walk from major tourist sites and great shopping. 10 minute walk from Buckingham Palace. Short walk from Bond Street, Regent Street, Piccadilly Circus, among many other options. Nice rooftop bar, great service and many restaurants, pubs, just a few blocks away.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Place!,"My husband and I stayed here four nights at the start of our two week vacation.  We arrived at the hotel around 9:00 am after a flight from the US. we were going to just drop off our bags, but to our surprise they said we could have an early check in.  We were so happy to get our room get settled in and take a shower.  They had a great breakfast downstairs each day.  We also hit the happy hour each day and it was very nice.  Staff was very friendly and hotel was quiet.  It is a little ways out, but there is a bus stop right in front and taxi's always available.  We felt it was a great value. For Hilton HHonors members we used points for it and it was even a better deal.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old school,"Decently priced for London, just be aware that the rooms and hotel itself feel like they haven't been updated in quite some time. Take location into account when choosing this hotel. For some, it'll be fantastic. if the proximity to the Tube isn't a plus for you, you might want to rethink it. The front desk staff was far from impressive (even though they knew I was HHonors Gold) and the rooms were nothing to write home about. But if you find the price is right and location is good for your particular purpose, go for it. Nothing particularly objectionable, just not amazing.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location; average rooms/service,"This hotel is situated in a very good location. It is a short walk from underground station shepherds bush. My room had a good size, but bathroom was not cleaned well. For instance, I noticed a used wash cloth in my shower, which is an unpleasant surprise. The small bottle with showergel was half empty. Also they offered fast check-out with just a signature, but both note books did not contain any pen to write to signature with.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel in a great location.,"We booked the Kensington Hilton from Australia, even though the exterior is average the hotel certainly is not. Our room was excellent, staff efficient and the rooms well appointed and spotlessly clean. Holland Park Avenue is a great launching place for London, close proximity to the Natural History & Science Museums, the Victoria & Albert Museum, the Tube, Hop on/off buses, good dining and of course Hyde Park and Kensington Palace. Also the breakfasts are very good, we also dined there one night and it was fine. Westfield shopping centre is close by. There is free wifi there but only on the Ground floor and on several occasions children occupied this facility for hours; free wifi in the guests' rooms (it was available at a high cost per day etc) would enhance the reasons to…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Extra amount charged,I base my review on the last stay. I have stayed previously at Hilton hotels and the service was great until the last stay.  It seems as if the hotel shifted its focus from customer satisfaction to earning as much from the customer as possible.  The shift of this focus is likely to have consequences in the future with growing number of travellers worldwide and London is regarded as one of the mostly visited cities in Europe.  I am most unlikely to stay at hilton hotels in the future and not likely to recommend anyone else to stay there either.,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
3381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close but no cigar!,"Hilton Kensington first off has a great location! Just a 2 minute walk from the tube and also Westfield shopping centre so there is plenty of shops and places to eat!  The hotel it self....is what you would expect from a Hilton! Clean and bright from Reception to the iMac's for use by the lifts!   The room was lovely and was perfect for what i needed it for! On first impression....i didnt think the bed was comfy at all, but i slept on it fine but i think it is something the hotel needs to improve! (personally prefer premier inn beds) but otherwise it was fine!  The bar was great - The staff were great! The main gentleman .....personally his skills are wasted! He has great customer service skills and makes a mean Pina Colada!!!  Breakfest was great and tasty!   All in all i great…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, very near Shepard bush tube and Westfield, and child friendly","Rooms clean but smaller than similar hotels in Dubai and far east, 5 stops on central line to Oxford st, helpfull friendly staff, tube station Shepard bush and westfilsd both 3 minute walk, flaw Crossing a bit tricky especially for families with small children as very busy traffic in front of the hotel. Ice machines on all floors a plus",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Above Average,"Not a very attractive building, but staff very responsive and polite.  Room clean, comfortable and quiet.  Good access to buses and underground.  Westfield Shopping center nearby with plenty of shopping.  Very busy area.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well worth it !,"Have stayed at the Hilton kennsington quite a few times during the last 7-8 years, before the renovations and also after  It is priced far more competitively as compared to many other similar hotels in London.  Location is great, Holland park is within walking distance, but you would need to take the bus to the Holland park tube station which is 2 stops away.  The bus service is excellent , never had to wait for more than 5 minutes. The breakfast spread is generous and would recommend to take the breakfast inclusive price, but does get a bit monotonous after a few days.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just good.,"Location is good. When you enter the room, you will feel like Hong Kong hotel. Tiny rooms, below average bathroom, just not good. No free Wi-Fi for guests, yes, you have to pay for everything in London. Breakfast is excellent. This was the only good point. Across the street there is Tube and Westfied Shopping, although you may buy your groceries in Thompsons, very cheap, large variety of everything. Nearby there is plenty of good quality restaurants, we loved Chinese. The Original Tour Bus stop is just by the hotel, however we recommend Big Bus Tours, having larger depot of services. Yep, just good, low end hotel.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
3386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms small but great but DO NOT HOLD CONFERENCES there !!!!,"Rooms small but clean and tidy.  Location was ok and close to Shephards bush.  I had no probs with the hotel, everything was great and comfy.  However.... we had conference rooms and we were left in a state of FILTH - the staff did not clear any dirty cups / glasses for 6 days.  I pointed this out to the beverage manager on day 1 that noone was coming to our tables to clear anything.  He said he would 'sort' it - well, maybe we were speaking to different languages in English but for the rest of the time, noone came near our tables to clear anything !!!  We just took photos of the mess everyday and thought it was funny that this was actually a HILTON HOTEL !!!  Don't do conferences unless you want the rooms to actually have HOT COFFEE - they even don't clear up the dirty…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Family vacation,it is next to Wesfielld shopping Mall that makes it attractive for family vacation. However if coming for business I would suggest moving more central. it is on central line so it provides easy access.  it is a safe locality and easy walk to underground station,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Some Good, some not so Good","Stayed here for 5 nights with my wife on a trip to England from the US.  The hotel was outside the city, and you must take the underground, bus, or cab to get anywhere, so you need to plan accordingly, as you will likely be out all day at the sights, and need to plan on getting back.  The hotel was mobbed with patrons the weekend we were there, must have been a couple tours coming through.  I am a Gold member with Hilton, and was offered a standard room as all the premier rooms were filled - there was typically a line at the concierge and computers always in use, always with people and their luggage parked in the reception area.  The standard room was not up to date (old carpeting too), but the premier rooms were upgraded.  The premier rooms were clean.  The hallways and…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Golden Experience,"Hilton is always a nice place to stay.  Stay in Hilton London was amazing and added extrahappiness to my london trip. Food was nice .  Wifi Services excellent,over all very good. Rooms excellent as usual and the best location of hotel makes it easy to roam around whole london. definetly will prefer this hotel next time .",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, helpful staff, would stay again","We stayed at the Hilton Kensington 4 nights during August.  I am a veteran traveler for work and most often stay at Hiltons in the U.S.  This one was priced much better than other Hiltons in London considering high season.  Good location (plain brick on the outside but very modern on the inside), short walk to closest tube, Shepherd's Bush.  Very convenient, too - bus stops right in front of the hotel to go to Victoria Station.  Room was a tiny bit worn in places but very clean and big enough to accommodate a double bed plus a twin ""roll away"" for our 15-year old.  Considering our room faced the street, relatively quiet at night so we all slept well enough.  Hotel staff was friendly and efficient.  Executive Lounge was great - offers plenty of breakfast options, a few PCs for…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My third stay. So it can't be bad.,"I've stayed at the Hilton London Kensington twice before, both times through work (it's quite handy for a large office my employer has in west London), but when I needed a hotel for a personal visit, I looked around, considered a couple of options, and decided to go back to the Hilton.  It's a well-located (without being particualry central) hotel - you're five minutes walk from Shepard's Bush tube, which will take you straight to Oxford Street in about fifteen minutes, and if you're prepared to sacrifice location, things become significantly cheaper, very quickly. Not that I'm saying it's cheap - you are still in London, so hotel rooms are overpriced and tiny, but a) you are in one of the most expensive cities in the world, and b) don't stay in your hotel! Go out and explore…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,August 2013,"Nice hotel, food was good in the hotel bar area but the location is not the best.  Kind of a dangerous intersection to get to the tube and it was not a main one to the attractions we were visiting so we had several changes to get around.  I recommend the Piccadilly line.  Bus Stop right out front but we had a harder time figuring that out than the tube.  There weren't any restaurants close by, by our standards, several LONG blocks to get to any and after a busy day not a welcome walk.  Also we had an early start with a tour and were supposed to be provided breakfast in a box but we were not able to get anything.  Also, only free wifi in the lobby and the computers there always busy.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff,"We stayed 3 nights at this hotel with our son who is almost 2. The staff were very accommodating by providing a fridge in which to keep milk and a travel cot (playpen), at no extra charge. The first room we stayed in wasn't as clean as I would have liked. My husband upgraded our room as a birthday present and that room was spotless. Concierge was very helpful as were the people at the front desk. The location of the hotel worked well for us. Notting Hill is very close and Hyde park not much farther. The tube is less than a 5 minute walk and the bus stops in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,We recently stayed at this hotel with a bus tour.  The hotel is in a very convenient location to train station and also to the huge Westfield mall - easy walking distance.  Hotel lobby is lovely and big but always busy!  Meals are rather slow in bar area but staff were lovely.  Breakfast in dining room was good and again staff were very helpful.  First breakfast bar in 20 days that had Greek yogurt!  Hotel room was very small and toilets in the hotel anywhere would not flush property - very annoying!  Towels in bathroom were great - very big and very soft!  No free wifi in rooms which makes it a pain to keep coming to the lobby.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff useless and don't speak proper English so can't even request things without it being a struggle,"Stayed here for 2 nights, have stated a few times before also but in the 2 nights we stayed our room wasn't cleaned after the 1st night Even though we'd asked. We ordered an English breakfast with all trimmings apart from black pudding but they sent it up with black pudding anyway and no toast and sausages were close to raw, then we called room service Again for some toast (we had to call twice because they didn't send it up the first time) it's hard to get hold of anyone on the phones internally. Generally a crap stay. Crap staff not worth the money at all.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
3396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,lovely stay,"I stayed here for 2 nights in transit and wanted to do some shopping. The hotel is about 20 minutes by taxi from LGW. I arrived early and had to wait about one hour for my room but the lounge was comfortable and the staff tried to help because I had had a long flight. Check in and check out  was very efficient. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from westfield mall with all the major shops and many restaurants and lots of entertainment so i did not dine at the hotel. Transportation around London is easy because the tube is right at the mall and also the bus stations. The room was more spacious than I expected, good size bathroom and very quiet considering the location on a busy street.  I would definitely return.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here on a visit to London, great location for Westfield (White City) and Shepherds Bush tube station, which sits on the central line.  Rooms nicely decorated and quiet although its on a busy road.  Check in and check out speedy process and staff were really helpful.  We didn't make use of the restaurant during our stay, as westfield is so highly equipped with restaurants.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing...,"I was here for 4 nights on business and was a bit disappointed that this was such a soulless hotel. Had to change room as bed was the most uncomfortable I have slept in. Apart from the long wait at reception, staff were helpful. Food average and I ended up eating in nearby Westfield as there was more choice and  cheaper. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Kensington,"In the main I found staff, particularly in the resturant extremely helpful.- The executive lounge also provided a nice selection of food and drink. The fitness facilities were good and able to enjoy good use of sauna",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great attentive reception staff,"Stayed here with my husband for our anniversary. Very kindly due to this we got made to feel special with lots of nice extra touches. They also ensured our room was ready early all a bonus. We visited Nottinghill carnival which was easy to get to in a cab. Room was fine, although a little small it was clean. In a nutshell great location & very helpful friendly reception & concierge staff. I would recommend to anyone & would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a good location,Me and three family members stayed here for one night in July 2013 for a graduation. We booked the hotel during a Hilton promotion and we were more than happy with the price. The rooms were fairly large and spotlessly clean with nicely appointed bathrooms. The breakfast was really good in a buffet style where you could choose what you wanted. We had some early dinner in the bar before our trip home which was really good and reasonable.   The hotel was not as central as we wanted but this is obviously not the hotels fault! There were always taxi's available outside and there are tube stations within a five minute walk by the Westfield Shopping Centre. The Kensington and Notting Hill area surrounding the hotel is great area to explore.  We found all the staff really friendly and…,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"Here with business for one night. Staff really friendly and helpful. Good location and easy to reach on the tube. Rooms are ""couldn't swing a cat"" tiny but clean. Food was terrible - particularly the evening meal. Broccoli soup that was like green tasteless water and a chocolate gateau that tasted so bad and took one bite and had to leave it. This coming from someone with a very sweet tooth!",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprise weekend for my husband.,This is our first time staying at this hotel. The hotel is well presented with friendly staff. The rooms were adequate clean with the basic necessities. Having got our bearings we found the hotel a bit far out from the center of London. Returning in the evening there was no entertainment in the bar or lounge. Located close to the tube travel was easy. The Westfield shopping complex is close by. All designer shops.........We enjoyed breakfast on the south facing terraces by the shopping center.,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Basic but really Good,"We have stayed at the H Kensinton 4 times, it's in a great spot next to the transports and Westfields ( shops and restaurants ). We Have always opted for the cheapest room so I wont say that rooms are small because you get what you pay especially being in London. Rooms have always been extremely clean, exactly what we wanted.   I would recommend this hotel to everyone and will go there again for sure.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good But Not Great,"My boyfriend and I stayed in a Standard Guest Room for 2 nights in July to see The Rolling Stones at Hyde Park. I was quite impressed when entering the hotel - spacious and looked clean. However, the room was a surprise due to the lack of space. The weather was extremely hot that weekend and the size of the room, along with the fact that the air con was not working properly and you could only open the window approx 2 inches, made it almost unbearable. The bathroom was also small and could do with a bit of updating. On the second night, when we returned to the hotel, I stopped at the front desk and requested a fan - I was advised that one would be delivered to my room shortly. After waiting 35 minutes, there was still no fan and so I rang down to Reception to ask about it...the…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for exploring London,We thoroughly enjoyed our weekend at the Hilton which is ideally located for visiting London. It is beautifully clean and staff were very friendly and helpful. It is situated in a very safe area near underground and bus stops and surrounded by lots of great bars and restaurants as well as the Westfield Shopping Mall. We ate one evening at the Churchill about a one mile walk from hotel in the direction of Kensington High Street and it was excellent. We would highly recommend this hotel for a weekend away in London.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant, basic, comfortable","We stayed here for three nights at the start of a ten day trip to England.  The rooms were clean and comfortable, albeit small.  Free internet access was only in the lobby, making it an odd gathering place.  We had two dinners on site which were good.  Breakfast buffet was hearty with plenty of choices.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel,"I stay here yearly with my daughter in the summer holidays. Its not in central London but very well connected by tube and you have Westfield Shopping Mall on your doorstep so you have numerous restaurants/bars to choose from if you don't want to travel. The staff are really professional and accomodating. The breakfast buffet is fantastic, there is something for everyone. Our room was on the 7th floor. I couldn't really fault it. The beds were really comfy and I had a great nights sleep. The bathrooms were clean but in my opinion needed a little tlc.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with good amenities nearby,"Located at Holland Park, this hotel is relatively near to one of the biggest mall in London, Westfield Shopping Center located beside Shepherd's Bush underground station. The bus stop across the street has buses that ply through the areas of Bayswater, Oxford Shopping area and downtown Regent Street and Picadilly Circus area. Good location with great amenities found nearby. Rooms are small but cosy and the hotel lobby looked fine. Restaurant at the lobby serve a decent spread of breakfast while the lobby bar serve various alcohol beverages while screening English Football live. Overall a good hotel with the Hilton Brand and apart from the reception staff who were not so friendly, this hotel is definitely affordable.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expensive but good deals to be had,"Eagle eyed patrons of this hotel would be good to bare in mind that, even though it has the word ""Hilton"" on the front door doesn't necessarily mean that it will be an expensive stay and you would be better off to go elsewhere for a stay. My fiancée and I stayed here for the weekend, It was a good deal for a couple of nights where we could spend some much needed quality time together.  On arrival, we went through the doors, were met by the concierge were asked whether we would like our bags taken to our rooms (not to say that everyone was met), but we were two hours early for check-in and it was relatively quiet. As HHonors members, we saw the receptionist, Samuel, who very kindly said that we could check-in, even though we were massively early (13:00 for a 15:00 check-in time).…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as good as premier inn,"Stayed for two nights in August, booked through last minute. com. Room was small, and shabby Was expecting more being a Hilton. Shower room smelt damp. Tv was not working in room, First asked in reception in the morning and was told some one would look at it- this didn't happen. Second time of waiting at reception got fed up waiting to speak to someone, after 10 minutes decided to call from room after a long wait eventually someone came to the room to change batteries in the remote control. On the good side its  not far from the tube and Westfield shopping centre just across the road. Would only return if I couldn't find anything else suitable.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Does not deserve 4 stars,"I stayed here for two nights with a friend. I would never classify it a 4 star hotel. The lobby looked fine and breakfast was better than the ones I've bumped into in Britain, but the room was really untidy and shabby, almost horrible. There were two dry peas under the desk when we arrived, and they were still in the same place when we left. The carpet was full of hair so we figured the room was not vacuumed at all before or during our stay. Gross! I thought the name Hilton would mean something, but this was a huge disappointment. I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You'd be better offsleeping on the street,"We found the hotel staff very rude and unhelpful. It's like they'd never heard of the concept of customer service. When we checked in, the lady on the front desk made it seem like it was a huge hassle to have to be helping us and did not smile once. Also, at breaky the wait staff kept forgetting to bring us the drinks we had ordered, and later when we were smoking one of the other staff barked angrily at us that we weren't allowed to smoke around the corner and was incredibly abrupt and Nazi-like.  The rooms were poky and small and smelt a bit stale, and the shower was clogged and remained clogged for our entire stay despite us having reported the issue a number of times. To top it all off, they double-charged me and my partner for the nights we stayed there and as yet have not…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
3414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,To avoid...,Single room with one person bed ! Never saw that before in a great chain hotel. We are platinum members in Sheraton and always have there a double bed ! A business trip needs a minimum space even for 1 person ... No flexibility at the reception to change a reservation or a type of room. Go better to Starwood Group...,Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
3415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Very good central location, close to Westfield for shopping and restaurants and located within close walking distance of tube. Probably a typical business hotel clean functional but small rooms. Public areas of the hotel bar etc, are large and pleasant and very functional.  Not overly impressed with breakfast but the overall experience at the hotel was what we expected and we were not disappointed.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but silly things stopped it being perfect,"We had stayed at this hotel before and were so pleased we had no hesitation choosing this hotel again when we decided to spend a few days in London. As a Hilton diamond member, we have come to expect certain standards and this hotel nearly achieved that, but niggles stopping it being perfect. All the staff we encountered throughout our stay, from the time we arrived were extremely polite and friendly at all times leaving us with the impression they actually enjoyed their jobs. The bedroom was tastefully furnished and a nice bathroom with a decent shower over the bath. There was some noise from traffic if the window was open, but the double glazing did a great job of significantly reducing the noise and to be fair you cannot expect to stay in a London hotel that has no traffic…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad family experience,"Second time staying in this hotel, but with family this time, do not bother with room requests like joining rooms or room with a view when booking as they put you where they want to!! and also do not open the fridge door in your rooms or put anything in them you will be charged !!!",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
3418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Time for new beds and remodeling.,"Absolutely love the location. However, the beds aren't the most comfortable - they're very hard.  Location is the best thing about this hotel as Westfield Mall and Hyde Park are walking distance away.   Hotel concierge did not seem to be of much help when asked about late night snacks as he suggested the hotel bar. I went for a walk anyway and found a number of places still open.   As I said, great location, but needs quite a bit of improvement. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Location in a quiet area, away from crowds. Rooms small but comfortable with coffee and tea. Excellent buffet breakfast. Friendly staff and very accomodating to my Mother who is wheelchair bound Would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Boyfriends surprise 30th!,"A group of friends stayed here for one night for my boyfrieds surprise 30th. He had no idea that the other friends would be there and receptionist Matei was brilliant, we had a few hic cups on checking in (nothing to do with the Hilton) and Matei sorted everything out for me. He assisted with placing our rooms on different floors and also a complimentry bottle of drink and a cake was sent to our room! Very clean and friendly hotel. I would recommend this hotel and stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected from a Hilton...,We are a family of 2 adults and a teenager. Upon checking in on July 26 th 2013 we found out we had a room with 2 beds.  The person at reception said she would get a rollaway bed for us.  When we walked into the room there was absolutely no room for a rollaway bed.  The staff member who came to the room with the bed said he would move a chair and a glass table and squeeze the bed next to the window.  If this was done we would have had no place to put our luggage and might I add a possible fire hazard because out luggage would have blocked the door.  We sent the person away and ended up pushing the two beds together and the 3 of us slept in 2 beds.  Knowing that we were a triple Hilton should never have tried to squeeze us into a double.  We should have been given two adjoining…,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Positive experience,"Stayed recently for 5 nights B&B and thought the deal a bargain for London. Close to Shepherds Bush over ground train station which was great for Olympic Park and Euston on return as tube was mega hot. Our room was on main road which would have been noisy but double glazing did it's job as did air con. Unfortunately though the trees made the room very dark even on bright sunny days and this would have been depressing had we spend much time in there. Rooms on back much lighter and quieter (odd numbers from main corridor). Room was on small side but very pleasant with an enormous bed!. Clean bathroom which had a bath with integral shower, good quality toiletries.  Breakfast very comprehensive (a bit short on staff at times) pleasant but dark dining room. Easy but lengthy walking…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't judge a book by its cover,"Spacious and comfortable room with good beds and bedding.  Hop on hop off bus link outside door goes to Marble Arch.  Also red buses.  Just 5 mins from large new Westfield centre, Shepherds Bush Tube and Holland Park a nice walk away.  Attentive staff , good bar open late with ample light snacks. Small shop on site for phone cards drinks etc.  free wi fi in public areas, does not look much outside but inside modern and has all you need for a good stay in London if you prefer to be a little away from the madness when you walk out the door. A leafy area.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, solid choice for London","Stayed here a couple of times now and I have to say that you can't really go wrong with this Hilton hotel.  Yes, it doesn't look like much on the outside, but the rooms are pretty good for London and a lot better than most within the same budget.   In-room tea and coffee facilities with biscuits as one would expect in a UK hotel, slippers, robes.  We got complimentary daily breakfast in  the Executive lounge as my partner is a higher tier Hilton member.  It's buffet style with hot options as well as bread/toast, croissants, fruit, cereal and a few cold selections.  Help yourself to coffee, tea and cold drinks.  The WiFi in the room was a little temperamental which was just annoying at times.  Bathroom is small but adequate, standard for London though.  The gym is located in the…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Had hesitations, but not Now!","We have stayed with Hilton for numerous trips abroad but never in London, we had a wedding to attend and kensignton was the only decent hotel with rooms in the area at late notice (my partner didn't plan this trip!). we were hesitant from some of the reviews on here but don't know what all the 2/3 star reviews are talking about! the check in was smooth and friendly, got booked into the restaurant from Matt on reception very efficiently and got into the room earlier than the stated 15:00. the rooms are small but this is W11! rooms were tidy and clean and replenished frequently, no business centre but there are 6 modern desktops and iMacs to use free of charge in the area outside the restaurant so why would you need internet (which is quite expensive but it is in all the big…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay as usual,I am a regular guest in this hotel and never have any cause for complaint. I received a very warm welcome at check-in and was very happy with my upgraded room. I made good use of the Executive Lounge for a business meeting and the range of drinks and evening canapés is comprehensive. My only niggle is that there are no biscuits to accompany the coffee after the drinks are cleared away. My check-out experience was again outstanding and I was treated as an individual whose opinion counted. I recommend this hotel wholeheartedly.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Need to address staff inssues,"We attended a concert at Shepherds Bush on the 11/7/13 and stayed at the Hilton.  Thought the Hilton name would be really posh but when we arrive back at the hotel and went to the bar for a drink we were completely ignored.  when someone finally came to serve us we were asked to take a seat and someone would be over to serve us.  15mins later  we were served and then told that the Hilton had no Sambuca.  We also asked for a milkshake and was told that this was a ridiculous request and who would want a milkshake at 11.30pm.  We had diet cokes and mu friend had a Baileys, when my friend went to pay the gentleman at the till made her wait whilst he was carryng on his conversation with another customer.  The idle chatter carried on all through the transaction.  The follwong day we…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean and modern.","Stayed here for two nights for a theatre break. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very small but clean and had everything we could need. It looked like it had recently been refurbished the bathroom however was in need of a face lift, I recently stayed at a London premiere Inn which had a much better bathroom for half the room cost. We had anccess to the executive lounge for the duration including complimentary drinks snd refreshments, always very well serviced and away from the hustle and bustle of the main bars.The location was the key for me, straight on the central line by tube, lazy stroll away from Portobello road and just two minutes from Westfield shopping centre!",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sound Choice for London trips,"I found the hotel reception staff friendly and attentive, particularly for London. I will certainly use the hotel again. The room was comfortable, large enough and clean, as one would expect from Hilton. It had a good bathroom and a good sized flat screen TV. I have stayed in a number of UK Hiltons and the rooms are all exactly the same-this is fine with me-no unexpected surprises to spoil your stay! It is in good location and closer to Sheppard's Bush tube station than Holland Park. It is particularly well-located if you are arriving by car via the M4/M40/A4. The hotel is located on the Holland Park Roundabout on the main road into London from these routes. I noticed the hotel also has a large residents' parking lot.  I cannot vouch for the food offerings. They are usually not…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, very comfortable bed and worth every penny considering the location","Booked this hotel for 1 nights stay on 27th of July, the price was only £109 ( which is cheaper than Travelodges in the area)  for a deluxe room with king size bed that was quite possibly the most comfortable bed I had ever slept in, the room had aircon, clean bathroom facilities , a very reasonably priced mini bar plus everything else u would expect from a hotel. We paid £20 to use the executive lounge which in my opinion was the best £20 iv ever spent as it includes a free bar ( which is very well stocked )between 1800-2000 and a free breakfast with alot to choose from. from start to finish the service was impeccable especially in the executive lounge. ",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, small rooms and poor service","My fiance stayed in this hotel on a recent trip to London.  I had chosen this hotel specifically because of its proximity to Shepherd's Bush and the large shopping mall with many restaurants around the area.  Both nights we stayed in the hotel we had lovely meals out around Shepherd's Bush and ate outside and enjoyed the warm weather! We only stayed at the Hilton for two nights.  The first night we had a room with a king size bed which was a great surprise as we hadn't booked a king sized room.  We had a great nights sleep and the bed was very comfortable.  The entrance to the room was tight, because the closet is located directly behind the opening door.  The bathroom was ok..nothing spectacular but not disgusting.  When my fiance and I woke up the next morning we were…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staying just outside of London,"Hotel was a disappointment, rooms were very small and service was not great. I stayed there the first night of my tour and the service was ok but certainly not what I has expected. The last night of my tour I again found myself back at this hotel and this time found my room ok but the bath room was not sanitary and I had to inform the desk of the poor housekeeping. I would not stay there again. Terribly disappointed.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"Room cramped,no bath mould on bath surrounds,sink worktop cracked.Air con/heating noisy.Asked for  a jug of fresh milk for a cup of tea in my room and was told it would cost £10.Breakfast was expensive and cooked breakfast buffet style meant it was cold and eggs had been sitting for some while making them rubbery.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but service is poor,"I stay at this hotel 2-3 times as month due it's location.  The rooms are functional, the hotel clean and the facilities such as the gym OK.  The service is pretty poor, it seems to be a hotel that Hilton rotate staff through, the bar area is a particular area that is slow and can take over 1.5 hours if you are having a main and a desert.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,>£200 per night and no wi fi!,"And the rooms are awfully tiny too. And how flipping old is that shower head!  Also, not enough sockets to attach chargers, laptops etc.  And who puts a kettle in front of the mirror?!  Awful value for money.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing and over priced,"This would be one of the worst hotels I have stayed in of any claimed ""star level.""  The room we were in was run down, had stained and dirty carpet and small.  The beds should be thrown out and replaced they were of such poor quality and the bathroom is cramped.  The location is not terrible being near a mall and a tube station but there are better locations to be in.   Service was poor as well.  We asked that our rooms be made up at 10am through reception.  Upon returning at 1030pm, we discovered nothing had been done.  Asking for extra towels took 2 phone calls and 45 minutes, which resulted in 2 very unhappy guests and one poor housekeeping staff member.  This is clearly not acceptable - and definitely not what is expected at a hotel which bears the Hilton name.  Take your…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Overall good stay, bit rough round the edges","We were staying for 2 nights at the Hilton London Kensington on 13th and 14th July. As a gold HHonors member, I was keen to receive an upgrade and access to the executive lounge and had stated this when booking. Upon arrival I was told there was no rooms available until 7pm due to a late check out or I could take a standard room and have full breakfast included. I was at check in for over 25 minutes! My partner and I decided we'd wait for the exec room instead.   The rooms was compact but nicely furnished and clean. Only problem was - no hairdryer! The bathroom was good, could do with a lick of paint and a good polish of the taps but we were happy with the room.  We went to the exec lounge for breakfast as we were told there was a complimentary continental breakfast; when we got…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very average with a few hickups,"I have stayed at this hotel a number of times due to its location. I would say that generally speaking everything is according to what you would expect from a hotel of this standard, except during my last stay one of the other hotel guests was apparently able to let himself in to my room with his key card. I was in there when it happend at it was quite an unpleasant surprise. Also there was no pen and paper, no face towels (as there usually is) and even though I asked for a vanity kit, I never got it.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over Priced hotel,"We choose this hotel due to it's location for the Shepherds Bush Empire. It was a very hot evening and the air conditioning was very poor making it almost impossible to sleep, so glad we only stayed one night. The rooms are very small hardly room to swing a cat, making the price for the room expensive. We ate in the bar but the service was very slow which left us rushing to get to our concert on time.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A fantastic experience.,"We recently enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Kensington Hilton Holland Park. In every respect it was perfect, the location, the quality of service, the comfort and cleanliness of our room and bathroom. We will certainly return as soon as possible.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent but not the best,"Location isn't the best. Kind of disjointed. For a tourist standpoint, you're better off closer to the center of things. Posh neighborhood though, so that's nice. Decent sized Executive Lounge...the problem is its way too dark and the music is way too loud. Rooms are too small. Other than that, good hotel & slept well",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,excelent hotel,"It is realy good hotel,especialy location.staff is helpfull and friendly.I can agree that rooms need some touches but overal is good.Maybe is a beat overpriced after olympic games but i hope management will put attention to this issue.Other thing where they can be more atractive to customers is breakfast .For 20 pounds is not very good,especialy when you got competitors across the street(i mean in westfield shoping center).Otherwise is pleasant hotel to stay.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,overpriced,look for something of better value when you're in London. Rooms are small; our room had a horrible view. Our request for early check in was not fulfilled and they were not apologetic. Shower head fell down constantly and they did not fix it during our stay. They only provided one bath robe for half of the stay; for the remainder we had none. Breakfast was overpriced and monotonous. One can't have English breakfast five days in a row.,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but not a great hotel,"We were booked thru Trafalgar as we were starting a tour from the hotel. We had 5 nights prior to the tour. When we checked in we were told we had a twin room.  We asked for a double but the answer was that as they were busy on our last two nights we would have to ay 20 pounds per night (100 in total). We stayed wit a twin. On checking out I tied to pay in cash but they would not accept my £50 notes as they are aparantely old notes (I got gem from my bank n New Zealand). We had previously paid for Hopper bus tickets with them at the hotel and also at lots of shops in London - no one said anything anywhere till we went to check out, and it was 6pm and we were leaving early - really embarrassing!  Room attendant took 6 minutes to clean room, maybe that's why we ran out of soap,…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not aligned with Hilton value,"I spent 1 week with my family mid april 2013. Asked for an executive room with an extra bed for our 4 year old son. We checked in at 9am and entered in the room by 6 pm. the extra bed was not in when entered in the room, To enter the extra small bed they had to take out some furniture from the room, as it is quite small. Small rooms. Room service is very poor. We had to ask for our room to be done at 18h30 twice. Restaurant is closed on Mondays for dinner(I could not believe it) the small bar they have was crowded and more than 1 hour to be served. Rooms poorly isolated as we could hear others people's screams and talks in the rooms and in the corridors. Asked to have my air miles credited I was offered the Hilton Honors card. I accepted but only after they assured me three…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
3446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton,This hotel had an efficient check in procedure. The room was very clean and airy. A tiny housekeeping glitch was rectified immediately and to my satisfaction. All of the members of the staff with whom I had contact were very helpful and very personable. The breakfast buffet had a wide variety of options and everything that I ate was delicious. I really enjoyed my brief stay here.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton Hotel - London,"This hotel has a good location, three minutes walk from Shepherds Bush station.  Foyer, bar and dining facilities (especially breakfasts) very good and staff there are excellent.  However, be aware that the standard rooms here are quite small, with limited space for suitcases. For a couple, you are always in each others way (we decided to upgrade to an executive suite).",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location at a reasonable cost for travel and pleasure,"Firstly, some taxi drivers confuse the the Hilton Kensington with the Hilton on High street Kensington.  Make sure you emphasis that you want the one on Holland Park Avenue!  On arrival, the porters are plentiful, helpful and not at all pushy.  The reception staff are efficient and i have found them to be pleasant and welcoming. Charlene is often on the desk when I arrive in the early hours - she is excellent.  I've stayed here  several times; sometimes when spending leisure time in London, others, and more often, when interviewing applicants for jobs.  For business use this hotel is excellent. There is a good range of large and small rooms to book and the staff are attentive, ensuring that water, coffee, etc are readily available.  The signage in reception is clear and staff…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Warm Welcome, lovely atmosphere and good location","Upon arriving here, there was a really warm welcome and as Diamond HHonors I was given a very nice executive room, with access to the executive lounge. The check-in process was efficient and within minutes I was in my room. My preferences were honoured(high floor, near elevator etc) and the room, a Double Executive was well apportioned, very clean and had a nice view. The bathroom was very modern and everything was working.  The executive lounge was very comfortable and not crowded at all; the hors d'oeuvres were varied and tasty and there were complimentary drinks. I ordered room service and was suprised how quickly it was delivered. The TV in the room was particularly good and had a lovely HD screen.  The hotel is a peaceful walk from Holland Park and a nice stroll to Hyde…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Hotel staff were gracious and helpful.  Accommodations were quite nice.  Property very convenient to tube stop.  Restaurant food is mediocre at best, but lots of places to dine out.  Would definitely recommend this property and would stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lots of hotels in London better than this,On arrival the receptionist couldn't find my booking which was completely my fault as my company had block booked under one name.  I went to a sitting area to get the confirmation number and whilst I was there a large party arrived from an airline.  They decided to use both receptionists to check in.  I waited around half an hour to check in which is not acceptable at all.  The concierage came over to see if he could help if I was after directions but as it was check in I required he said he couldn't help.    On check in I was told I had a lovely room with a king sized bed.  It was possibly the smallest room I have ever stayed in.  The bathroom was so small that the door stop was located directly outside the shower which meant that when using the shower you risked spearing your…,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
3452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall not a pleasant experience management admitted that I was drinking from glasses that had not been cleaned,"Upon arriving at the hotel I discovered that our room could not really accommodate 3 people, even though I had called hilton directly and told them I was traveling with 2 children.   The front desk suggested an upgrade to a bigger room for an additional £60 per night so not having much choice I agreed.  The room was not great but ok.   We returned to the room later and discovered the roll away sofa was broken and they had to bring in a new bed into once again a crowded room.   The toilet seat was on the ground and some lights did not work.  They quickly repaired all of the issues but then things went down hill.  We came home late and I poured some water into a covered ""clean"" glass and the water tuned brown.  I was mortified and contacted the front desk who offered to send me…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
3453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"A satisfying experience as one would expect from the Hilton group. The wait at check-in was lengthy even though I was the only one in the queue. Then I was given a room already occupied, but these were my only criticisms. The hotel is in an excellent location with transport links, metro store and good restaurants nearby. Close to Notting Hill, Portobello Market, Kensington High Street and the new Westfield shopping centre make it ideal for shopping sprees. Proximity to Holland Park and Kensington Gardens is a bonus.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Service Good Location,"Stayed at the Hilton Kensington as we needed a local hotel to Shepherds Bush Empire. Excellent choice as it was a short safe walk. Hotel is in a nice tree lined location, very clean comfortable rooms and friendly efficient staff. Breakfast was good would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location is plus and minus,"Excellent staff with very comfortable, spacious room. Breakfast was very good. The question you have to ask yourself is this the location that you want to be. The hotel is located at Shepard Bush which is on the central line, but it is 5 miles from Covenant Garden (that is about 30 pound taxi ride). It is closer to Harrods (but not really walking distance) and Nottingham hill (short walk). There is fairly upscale mall located within a short walk.  For me, I really saw the location for me was not my favorite section of London -",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location and friendly staff,"I recently stayed here with my partner for a 2 night break. This hotel is situated in a brilliant location. The rooms are small, but are tastefully decorated and comfortable. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The breakfast could be improved with a bigger selection of food. The wifi in the room is very expensive - this really should be free! However, there are computers in the lobby which you can use for free. If I were to go to London again for a short stay, I would definitely book this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton,"Hotel rooms ok and quiet, bar food and service good, buffet breakfast ok but felt like they were cutting corners to save money.  Good location for west london.  Helpful reception and concierge staff. Expensive wifi in rooms",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington,"The hotel is well-equipped and in a very upscale part of London.  The Underground stop is Shepherd's Bush, but it is a bit confusing to get to as the first place you reach is the ""Overground"" for trains as the actual Underground stop is across the road.  Friendly passersby were able to point me in the direction very easily.  The Underground staff were courteous and helpful in answering questions on the Oyster Card and buying tickets, etc.  The area around the hotel felt very safe and there is a large shopping mall nearby.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not at all satisfied,"First time in Hotel Hilton in Kensigton. As I arrived, I had some troubles in reservation, my breakfast seems to be not included, the receptionist has professionally solved the issue and my breakfast has been granted. No free wifi available. My doubleroom with single use has two single beds. The place is in the elegant Kensigton zone, not many pubs and local in the nearby but the underground is really near. Beds are not so comfortable, but rooms are clean and silent. Breakfast is good.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Over priced, poor service, avoid !!","A one night stay whilst in London for the Tennis at Wimbledon. The Tennis was an enjoyable experience, this hotel was not ! At £270 for one nights B&B, the least you would expect is decent service (no, we got long queues at reception, slow staff), food (breakfast bland, poor standard of food in general) and lounge service for a so called upgrade (poorly stocked, poorly staffed). Room was small, bathroom very much needed an upgrade and the old fashioned 1980s style shower curtain smelled very bad ! Air conditioning was from the 80s as well, very noisy and ineffective, choice was noisy air con or noisy traffic if you had to open the windows instead. Don't expect much sleep. Have stayed in many premier inns and novotels with far better standards and much lower prices. This place is…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
3461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Why So much discrepancy in corporate rates between Hiltons in the London area??,Discrepancies between Corporate rates practice between the various Hiltons in the London area is very annoying and not compatible with a brand name for the group... One would expect - and legitimately so - that corporate agreements for company's rates are unified for the a given company client. I was shocked to discover the discrepancy: Hilton Gatwick has a fantastic corporate rate whereas the Hilton Kensington does not have ANY corporate rate for my company!,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pricey London,We had really good service at this hotel with the exception on the housekeeping staff.  The room was without a view and the beds were hard.  The hallways were really loud with people leaving early in the morning.  It was hard to sleep past 7 a.m.  Rate was a bit high.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Although this is London -  this is not Hilton standard and therefore unacceptable,On the plus side (there is not so much): +breakfast buffet has quite a good selection and freshly prepared meals +Good concierge services  Negative experience: -	Dirty bathroom with tiny hair at different places (See pictures) -	Dirty carpet (See pictures) -	Rundown interior overall (See pictures) -	No free internet in rooms  This hotel needs to be refurbished overall. Although this is London you expect something better from a Hilton at this price range. It is simply unacceptable that in such a hotel the bathroom has not been cleaned properly.,Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
3464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Basic Hotel.,"Good for a one night stay. Too small for my liking as I was used to Park Plaza Westminister Hotel i suppose. Had to pay 32pounds for parking. You could choose to park outside for free apparently but we were not going to take the risk. Nearest station was the Shepherd Bush station and there were a lot of halal eateries which was good for a Muslim like me.   We didn't stay in the hotel much. Just basics I guess. No bathtub as well, just a shower space.   No free wifi in the rooms. Considering how well connected London was, I found this to be a source of annoyance as the small rooms were 179 pounds per night.   Ordered room service and food was good. :)",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Rooms smelled,air conditioning did not work. Internet charges excessive.","Stuffy and smelly rooms with air conditioing  not working.   Overpriced but typical for London.  £20 for internet access a complete rip off given actual costs to hotel.  Living off brand name of past. Hotel itself was Ok and reasonably close to tube station, but really bad smell in room, together with small window opening and air conditioing that did not work.   Lots of staff where English is not first language - and evidently so....",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Satisfied,"First time to stay in London. A lot of guest in Hilton . Singapore airline' s crew stays there. They have free wifi in the lobby and you can use free internet available in the lobby as well• The staff are friendly as well. The room is a bit small and small window. The location is perfect for a Shopper like me. it's very near Westfield, supermarkets, Poundland etc....All in all i enjoyed our stay. definitely stay there again next time.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Should do better for he price,"Stayed here on business, and given the price they should have higher standards. The tv remote wouldn't work and the telephone had been disconnected. The panelling below the tv was hanging off and the tv itself took about 10 minutes before the bright green colours would disappear. Rooms are small but were relatively clean. The corridor outside my room had vacuum cleaners left out on display all day and multiple cardboard boxes were piled up. The food I had in the bar was decent, and the bar staff reasonably efficient. Basically, if your hotel is going to be soulless, corporate and international then make sure you do the basic stuff better, such a rooms where all the things actually work when I walk in. Not terrible, just expected better.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not good... Not good at all...,"I have stayed at this hotel several times and I am a seasoned traveler. This hotel has always felt like it was barely holding together on all levels but it just gets worse. I am planning to avoid this hotel on my frequent trips to London henceforth.  This stay: put in a room with air conditioning that did not work, a bathroom that had mould and a dirty shower, and I was lectured by a Polish guy working reception when I requested a late check out. Horrible experience and not a hotel that seems to want my business.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
3469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location close to Westfield,The hilton is a big not particularly attractive hotel close to Shepard's Bush and westfield. Front desk staff were efficient and polite and the room was fine although a bit tired. Worthwhile upgrading to an executive room because the lounge entry includes breakfast and a drinks reception with canapés. Less than 10 minutes walk to the tube station and bus stop right outside make it easy to get out and about.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,'Standard Hilton' - Good rates,"Stayed in this hotel for over 4 weeks on a business trip. Its at the periphery of Kensington - so its more Shepherd's Bush. Nothing to complain however, with Westfield mall and Shepherd's Bush tube stop just a 5 minute walk away. Holland Park and Notting Hill is not far either. Its a 'standard' Hilton with not too many frills (smallish rooms, tiny bathrooms) however the location and the rate makes up for it. Do yourself a favor and walk to either Westfield or Holland Park for good pubs and food.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business Trip - my first to London,Overall satisfied with hotel - excellent location.  Modifications need to be made to doors to prevent noise when slamming shut - which can interrupt sleep late at nigh.  Hot water was an issue in the shower.  Staff were friendly and courteous and breakfast had variety and was filling,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Handy for a short stay,"Stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for the second time in as many years. The location is convenient to a large shopping mall with a good variety of restaurants and shops, although just beyond the mall is a funkier neighborhood with more inexpensive choices (plus Internet cafes, drug stores, and the like). Staff are pleasant and helpful, and although the rooms are a bit small for the price (compared to similar rooms in the US), they are clean and comfortable. The breakfast room is large, with attentive staff and a fair mixture of foods (although you might pass on the runny eggs). The concierge is also a great help. Only negative is the bar, which had incredibly bad service the two times I used it (both late at night). The first time I waited twenty minutes before I finally…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beds too hard,"My husband and his friend stayed here last yr , This May my husband and I stayed and the beds so so hard .... the breakfast , the wi fi was good .... But the Location is very good accross the road from 2 rail stations and West field shopping centre .... if they improve in there beds it would be a great hotel",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel Handy Location,Typically nice clean well run Hilton situated ideally for central London and outer reaches of London only 5 minutes walk to Shepherds Bush underground 15mins tube ride (central line) to the center of London. Will use again when I'm in the capital.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good overall,Hotel is beginning to show its age but staff work hard to maintain a good standard. Offers can be found on Internet that get the price into the realistic range. Stayed for two nights and we were upgraded to a suite. Also had access to their lounge where various free refreshments were offered from breakfast to evening. You have to avoid some greedy individuals virtually camping out in there! Room was clean but getting tired  (ie shower over bath with curtain). Overall very good and close to Westfield Mall and other West London attractions.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for us,Stayed here for location - its 20 mins straughtbthrough to wembley staduim   Westfeld 2 mins walkmaway- holland park and kensington on doorstep  Its a standard hilton - not especially grand but perfectly fine and good rates inc breakfast,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A short break in London,"We have stopped here on a number of occasions and have always found it a very good hotel, well positioned, close to a Central Line stop with excellent parking and a good breakfast [including to my delight porridge].",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can't be!,"Five stars? I don't know, it needs renovation now!! Rooms are so poor, bed not comfortable at all, but it was clean. House keeping really made the room well. Breakfast poor, yogurt was not nice. The guy who was making omelette was not nice or friendly at all. One lady (strange accent) also wasn't nice, she is checking names for breakfast. Overall experience not good. I won't go back and won't recommend",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I have stayed in Hilton hotels many times before, which is why I found my brief stay here rather disappointing.   Reception staff were friendly and welcoming, however once I reached my room things were less cheery. The bedside lights, which provide the only light source for the bulk of the room, did not work; plunging me in to gloom. The bed had the feeling of a temporary put up. When I tried to adjust the shower temperature, the handle fell off, whilst the sliding bathroom door felt as if it would collapse at any moment. The mini bar was empty, yet still switched on to provide a constant disturbing hum. Finally, when I ordered room service, the food arrived lukewarm at best.  Perhaps I was simply placed in one of their older rooms which is due renovation, but these were issues…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
3480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, good location for Westfield Shepherd's Bush","Stayed over for business and found the service excellent.  Reception staff were very helpful and steered me through their in house computers and printers as I had forgotten to print my accommodation voucher.  They place a 'quick check out' bill under your door in the morning so you can exit without queuing which was appreciated and useful, and their room service efficient and friendly also.  The room was an OK size for London, the bed was very comfy, and has robes and an ironing board in the room with two bottles of complimentary water.  My only hesitation would be that the bathroom was a little dated - functional but style-less.  One final comment when trying to find the hotel, although they name it as Kensington, the address is Holland Park Road but the  nearest tube is in…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Two day business trip,"This hotel is in a great location and only about eight minutes walk from Holland Park Tube Station.  The reception area is clean and well presented and the check in staff are very friendly.  My room was on the 7th floor and was very clean and had everything I could need but has to go down as one of the smallest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.  The bathroom was incredible small as well.  The room was sold as a double and contained a double bed but had two people been in the room it would have been a nightmare as one would have to have stayed in bed to allow the other have room to shower and get dressed.  However for one person it was manageable.   I ate in the hotel restaurant that night and I have to say that while the staff were extremely courteous and friendly, it seemed…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,i had seen a better breakfast,"the room is normal - in malta the hilton has a great great room style and better services. this one reminds me of the olympia. very normal...nothing special even if the lobby is nice. breakfast is not the usual great hilton breakfast and the danish are...so and so. it was even better in frankfurt. well, there is something missing from the hilton spirit here....",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Last trip to UK before the Olympics in 2012,"Great Location! Right near Hyde Park and easily accessible to  Heath row. Great Hotel for the Heart of London. Rooms were very clean and service was absolutely outstanding! the food was very good too. We were running a bit late, but the concierge was able to get us a cab to the airport in a snap! Great Place to Stay in London.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,From Australia,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel and when we`d mentioned that it was our 40th wedding anniversary, Tiffany had us upgraded and put into an executive room and also had an anniversary cake and champagne for us. The hotel was in a very good position for all that we wanted. The tour bus right outside the front door.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and also the rooms to be very clean . The restaurant and bar were very good also. We would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great central location,WE stayed with our 11 year old sharing one room for 5 nights. They do not charge for children. The room was adequate with all the facilities you would expect and great room service.The large window was possible to open at the top which was better than having the air conditioning on. The hotel is spacious and busy with very friendly staff. The breakfast was really good and the chef made your omelette as you preferred. The bars and gym is good too. The best part was its location just minutes away from the westfield shopping centre. A bus ride or a lovely walk through the parks to Marble Arch. Lots of places to eat at if you did not wish to dine at the hotel for a change.Very near Holland Park Underground so it really suited us and booking in advance means discounts.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"nice room, and service not much variety for breakfast","nice room on the 7th floor, had a balcony, but it was very dirty full of fag ends...  quite small rooms and bathroom is very small. Good service, breakfast was a let down not much variety & not worth £10.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a nicer part of London,"A little further away from the sights and sounds of London, but that might be a good thing since this is a quieter neighbourhood.  With shops and a shopping centre nearby, amenities are not of an issue. Not too difficult to get to town either since public transport is just around the corner.  Will definitely recommend business travellers, or travellers who wants to stay in a quieter and less rowdy part of town to be at.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than Expected,"My first trip to London, I was not really sure what the better areas would be to stay in. So I chose this Hotel for its Location, price and the Hilton Brand. Room double was small but being adequate as an older property its to be expected. The Location was Marvelous and useful. With the walking distance to West Field Mall, the Subway it is right for the price. Rooms have been refurbished, and staff was helpful. You can do a lot worse in location and cost.. Ill stay again for sure.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Solid property. Well run. A little painting and decorating would be a good idea.,"This was our second visit in recent months to this hotel. We booked a room with Exec Lounge access. I like this option and find the lounge service to be very good  and very friendly. We arrived very late, at close to midnight. There was an issue with our room, which was quickly and professionally dealt with and we were given another room. Everything thereafter was excellent as it had been on our previous visit. This is a very convenient hotel for weekend visits to  London. It is right between Shepherd Bush and Holland Park Metro Stations on the Central Line and therefore has great access to key Central landmarks and shopping. The area is lovely and the hotel has a great buzz at night. The only thing is that the hotel really needs a bit painting and decorating and rooms need…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very convenient  place to stay.,"A location is easy to find and in the very quiet location but in the heart of big city.The receptions staff is very helpful and polite.The bell service is very efficient and rapid.The room is clean and nice decorated,with a view of garden.The rate is very interesting and can recommend to friends.Will be back for the next occasion to London.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small Rooms,Rooms small but reasonably clean. Toilets very small only for 1 person. Rooms pretty bright n well lighted. Wi-Fi weak in rooms. Use LAN lines. Bfast in the lobby area very badly ventilated. Yr clothes smell of Bacon n smoke from cooking. Overall 3/5 average. Convienant shopping oppt @ Westfield Mall. ,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can you say-Need an update?,"My first stay at Hilton Kensington.  I'm a Diamond Member, which according to one front desk person doesn't give me any perks!  Let me start by saying that I have read many of the posts on this hotel and see most have responses by someone named Bernadette.  I asked for Bernadette and she never came out!  The room IO was given was supposed to be an ""upgrade"", WOW, it was the smallest room I've ever been in.  In addition, it was run down and dirty. The bathroom was almost unusable.  After being refused access to Bernadette, a nice woman named Giulianni (sp), was kind enough to provide a replacement room. Albeit better, it was only a notch above.  The bed was horribly hard and a few of my worst nights since sleeping on the ground in a tent as a Boy Scout.  The Executive lounge is…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Big Hotel - Rooms on The Small Side,"This is a large corporate hotel. Its just across the road from Shepherds Bush tube so its not really kensington. Its 5 mins walk from Westfield shopping mall. The service is good, the rooms are clean but can be small.  I would choose not to use the restaurant meals were OK but there are better food and options up the road or in Westfield.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location - but understaffed,"The hotel is located in a very nice neighborhood - Holland park (close to Notting Hill) - but the restaurant(s) service is very slow and uneven, as well as the Concierge. Because the area is largely residential, it appears that some of the bar/restaurant services are utilized by not only guests of the hotel, but local residents, as well. The bar, where you can get pub food all day (burgers, soups, etc.) is packed. When I went in, for a room of about 30-40 guests, there were only 2 hotel staff. One appeared to be wait staff, the other, a manager. There's no host to greet you, so you have to wander up to the register to find out if you seat yourself. After being told to just sit anywhere and they would be over to take an order - no one showed up. As the bar was getting…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Staff and Good Location,"Sure, the rooms are small. The Executive Lounge is.. variable, but overall well located to all public transport. Rooms are a bit noisy as lots of Emergency Vehicle noise in the area. But you can get anywhere and would stay there again.  Staff seemed unfailingly pleasant and good to find a meal at midnight downstairs. Was very busy and lots of people in and out.  It's an older Hilton, but you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Close to the Shops!,"Flew in early and wanted something close to Portobella shopping area. We had a car but it was hard to drive anywhere and find parking. So we just ate at the hotel. It was really good. Had a nice breakfast and was on our way. Staff was nice, rooms were nice. There was a beautiful park across the street.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny Hotel Rooms on the outskirts of London,"Although a Hilton branded hotel it certainly does not conform to Hilton hotel standards. This had to have the smallest rooms I have ever been in, ever, in a hotel. I was not the only one who had issues as I saw others at check-in complaining as well. If you want to feel like you are in a tiny cabin on a cruise ship then go ahead and stay here. I had a standard room. My friend had a deluxe room and even those were tiny. I have traveled on business to Europe a few times and am used to small hotel rooms but this is just crazy. It felt claustrophobic. As for location... you are on the outskirts of London and it will require a train ride to get anywhere. Additionally, about 3 blocks away by the metro station starts what I thought was a pretty bad neighborhood. In fact, while there, I…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
3498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Satisfying Stay,"We stayed here 2 nights (at the beginning and end of our Trafalger tour) and have no complaints.  Everyone was pleasant and helpful, especially Rachid Battal (the Concierge) who recommended an Italian restaurant nearby on the Sunday when the hotel's restaurant was closed.  We had an excellent meal at the hotel's restaurant on the first night we stayed there and the breakfast buffet was also very good - omelets were made to order.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Customer Care Trumped,"The room assigned upon arrival had scaffolding right outside the window with workers being able to look inside unless curtains were always drawn. There was no clock and no radio in room with no opportunity to listen to music or to find out local time during night, making adjusting to time change very frustrating. However, when presented with issues, a room upgrade was assigned immediately, making the stay very satisfying and enjoyable.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,Ideal for shops and west end of London; nice hotel but busy with many business folk; good reception staff - very attentive and pleasant; bar staff and restaurant staff during breakfast time could do with a customer service course; Rooms were very clean and sizeable with all the amenities; fabulous reception area and huge restaurant.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"Stayed here for my birthday weekend and thought we would try holland park for a change...just a little out of the way and not the in the centre of kensington as we thought but nonetheless a nice area of london...I especially liked the row of local shops on the way to the tube. I also get the impression the hotel is near to the westfield shopping mall. Nice hotel,very friendly staff who couldnt do enough for you.Our room was clean ,comfortable and quiet though just a little on the small side...and the breakfast was really good.The hotel knew it was my birthday and on arrival we were offered complimentary drinks at the bar...I had champagne !! Very nice !! And that night when returning from the Ivy we discovered a birthday cake,flowers and champagne in the room...all complimentary…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice place, but not quite as close to Kensignton as expected","We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton London. Warm welcome on arrival.  The room might have been a little small, but it was comfortable with air con, coffee and tea etc.  We had reserved a quiet room and the hotel had done the necessary to secure it for us which was great.  Thank you.   It is closed to the shops as well as the Tube station and Bus stop, however, although named 'Kensington', it is not that closed to Kensington.  Luckily, with both tube station and bus stop not too far, it was still a good location for us...  Free WiFi is only available in the lobby and still quite expensive to use in the room!",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, quiet hotel","Stayed here four nights and hotel was very quiet and the staff was very friendly.  Let us check in when we arrived at 10:00 am since we had flown in from US.  The hotel was great, but it was a little farther out than I expected, but that was my error on distance.  Great mall in a five minute walk.  Breakfast, happy hour and bar were great.  ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton standard,"Quite a nice hotel located on the lovely Holland Park Avenue. The room was rather small (as they usually are in London) and the bathroom seemed a bit old fashioned. The executive lounge was ok, although the room is a bit dark. The gym as well as the sauna facilities were a bit of a disappointment. Did not use at all although we had intention to. Good service though.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,We used this hotel as it has parking. However the parking was very expensive £35 for the day. Cheaper parking is available very close by in an ncp so I would recommend that. The rooms are nice and the staff efficient. Service at breakfast was really average. Notting hill is just one stop away on the tube. And shepherds bush tube station is a few hundred metres away. Nice hotel but paddington hilton is better in my opinion.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Safe for good shopping at this Hilton,A great location to go shopping at the huge mall which is walking distance from the hotel. Breakfast  is a large bouffet lots of choices and  the service was good. The rooms are small but comfortable and the bar was busy and pleasant to meet friends in.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's OK,"I have stayed at this hotel several times.  I am a Hilton Gold member.  I was told at check-in this time that I was bumped up to a King sized bed (not executive King).  When I went into the room, it was a full size bed, not a King.  The hotel has a great bar staff (although one of the guys is really slow and does not make good drinks).  The breakfast is wonderful...hot and fully stocked at all times.  The rooms are small but overall, it is a decent place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Go for an executive room, you won`t regret it.","Hilton hotels are always ""safe"" to book. You know what you get. Stayed at Hilton London Kensington for 2 nights. Travelled with my son, In London for a soccer match. Booked the room early, booked a twin executive room, reasonably priced,, Campaign ""any weekwnd anywhere.""..  The difference in rate between a standard roopm and an executive room is about 20 - 30 GBP.  You get a free breakfast, and you get access to the executive lounge where you will be served food, coffee and drinks in the afternoon.  Small room, but confortable beds. A good deal.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value close to a main shopping venue,London is one of my favourite spots around the globe and last time I tried the Hilton Kensington based on a special offer. The location looks a bit remote on the map as you need the tube to hit the city center but the tube is only a 5min walk. And its the central line which gives you a direct link to Oxford street and all the attractions around. The rooms are tiny but nicely furnished and typical high Hilton standard. The breakfast buffet is quite lavish with many options only the breakfast room gives you a bunker feeling as it misses windows. The gym is small as well but equipped with everything you need. Whats really cool is the vicinity to the Westfield shopping center which offers a wide variety of shops also at the top end. You also find many interesting dining options in…,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,highly recommend staff & hotel,the entire experience was outstanding.  Andrew the food/beverage Manager is top notch & Federica in the executive lounge was amazing.  the hotel was clean orderly and so convenient to the Shepherd's Bush tube.  it was so quiet & peaceful after all the crowds during the day.  the food was terrific from the morning breakfast to the evening dinner.  will stay there again if back in London.  it is also sooooo convenient to the large mall if there are any shoppers :)  thanks for such a great experience,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable & Convenient,"I spent 2 nights here since it was convenient to a number of meetings and a conference. The front desk staff did not seem very welcoming, but everyone else made an extra effort. The room is not very large but clean & comfortable. My biggest concern was that the internet service was very slow. It is hard to believe that in today's world, some hotels do not treat high quality internet service as a critical requirement. It is even more frustrating when you are a Diamond level Hilton member! I would stay here again if convenient but know what you are getting.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very average,"We had an overnight stay whilst attending a concert at the Shepherds Bush Empire so location was spot on for this and Westfield Shopping Centre. The reception and common areas promised much with nice furnishings, Mac & PC computers, Free WiFi in the reception etc. The rooms however are very small and looks like it was furnished by IKEA in the 90's, very dated and in dire need of a refurb. The bed was creaky and by far the most uncomfortable bed we have ever had in a hotel! TV was small and old, picture was grainy, come on guys TVs are so cheap these days! Bath was so high that even though i'm only 5'10"" my head almost was touching the ceiling, god help anybody taller!  The only consolation was that my wife's company was paying as she was also down on business. Being a Hilton…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent visit,"Arrived in London,early  April after  a long plane ride. The staff make the hotel. Yes it's a little dated But everyone is so helpful. The concierge really assisted us, with any questions we had. Close to the Westfield shopping centre, great for eating out. The breakfast buffet was hot and tasty, The room was kept very clean, Upon arrival, we were given a tray of cheese crackers and fruit, we appreciated the kind gesture. We would  certainly stay with them again",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK but not really 4* quality!,"Just spent a two night stay over the weekend and overall was OK but definately nothing special. After reading the rave reviews on here I was slightly disappointed. As mentioned by someone                            previously the rooms need a makeover. We had stained carpet, peeling wallpaper in places and marks on the wall where things had been spilt by a previous occupant. On the plus side the bed was a superking and very comfortable and we slept well both nights despite being at the front which we didnt find noisy at all. The staff are generally very good but why do housekeeping have to be so mean with the toiletries! We were staying two nights yet none of our shower gels etc were replenished without our asking for it! After showering the first morning we came back after a…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A most enjoyable weekend stay,"Our stay was over the weekend of the London Marathon and the hotel had a busy, vibrant and welcoming  atmosphere. Our room at the rear of the hotel was quiet and very comfortable. Breakfast was excellent with efficient and attentive staff. We found the location of the hotel ideal for access into central London and within easy walking distance of the Westfield Shopping centre.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Big hotel, nice room, bit rushed staff","stayed one night for business. Check in was quick and easy, with helpful staff. My room was on the first floor, but on asking about stairs was told that the concierge would have to open the door especially - so I had to take the lift each time. My room wad on the end of the corridor, quite a walk. My colleague and I decided to eat in the hotel, as we were very hungry by this time, so we chose from the bar menu instead of the main restaurant. Our food arrived an hour later. Bar staff were great, keeping us informed and chasing the kitchen. This did mean that after eating it was realistically too late to go out that evening.  The room itself was well appointed. The bed I found to be ok, though the duvet was too thin. I tried turning the air conditioning to a higher temperature but…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not worthy,"Good location, but really disappointed with the quality of this landmark hotel.  Our room was very dated and the entire hotel needs to be renovated.  Totally not worth the money we paid per it. Never again.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Second stay,"This was my second stay at this location for business meetings.  You cannot beat the location to the tube - takes maybe 5 minutes to get there.  Staff were all pleasant and quick to help.  I stayed in an executive room again (with lounge access) and the room is fine, but does seem to be getting a bit worn.  I stayed at a Doubletree prior to this location and am always amazed that Doubletree offers free wifi, but Hilton charges for it.  Free access in the executive lounge, but £15 in the room seems a bit ridiculous.  Gym was small, but offered the necessary equipment.  Treadmills need to be serviced as the belt seemed to slip when I turned up the speed to a jog.  Offerings in the exec lounge were nice: decent breakfast and nice drink/appetizer selections in the evening.  Very…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff, shame its a Hilton","What is it about the Hilton chain? Sleazy, seedy 80's theme to everything. The staff here were great, the location near the Westfield Shopping Centre is perfect, but the roms, the lobby, the gym are awful. I was glad to get out and at 180 pounds, well wasn't worth half. ",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, okay location.","Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in July 2012.  The hotel itself was lovely, a bit old looking but still very nice. Rooms were spacious with a comfortable bed and plenty of space to get ready, hang clothes, unpack etc...  Hotel was right by a tube station which was handy, although of a night there was nothing really close by. We ended up getting a taxi to Mayfair which cost around £25-30 each way.  We also got a taxi to the Kings Rd one day and this also cost around £25-30.  Room booking did not come with breakfast and to add this option on when there was around £16 each. However, there is a Wetherspoons about 5 minutes away, near tube station, which provides breakfast at a good price.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Consistent standards,"18 months or so since I last stayed here (was quite a regular back then) and was pleasantly surprised that things are very much the same as before.  Rooms are very small, but have comfrtoable beds. Bathrooms are functional rather than plush.  Decent gym and sauna/steam - good for central London hotel.  Excellent Executive Lounge serving decent breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks/drinks.  Well located for Westfield shopping (freat selection of restaurants, up market stores and food shopping). Shepherds Bush tube/overground is 2 mins walk, busses stop outside the hotel and parking for central London is relatively reasonable!   Easy walk to Holland Park, Notting Hill and even Kensington HIgh Street - some of the better parts of London!  Castle and Mitre pubs (Holland Park…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"Every time I walk in  to the lobby it feels very familiar. The staff at the concierge desk are so friendly and welcoming, and the front desk staff are accommodating and helpful. I was travelling with collegues, and we all felt very good taken care of. They even celebrated ones birthday with complementary sparkling wine and strawberry cake for everyone. As usual the breakfast was good, and the chef made delicious omelets.  The location was not the most convienient for our conference, but we used a car and didn't waste too much time. I will keep coming back whenever I visit London.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Excellent hotel, with excellent and friendly staff located very close to Westfield shopping center. Wifi is excellent and the rooms are very comfy....definitely the best hotel i've stayed at in London",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights while in London. Absolutely wonderful!! It was clean and comfortable, very close to Shepherds Bush tube that could get you anywhere you wanted to visit.  The room was great with alot of extras that we didn't expect. The concierge were top notch -  very helpful with anything that we asked. Had a very relaxing dinner one of the nights in their beautiful, homey lounge - fantastic.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location- Oxford,"We stayed overnight for a theatre visit. The location is perfect just minutes walking distance to central line tube and Westfield shopping mall and restaurants. Perfect for travellers to and from Oxford as the Oxford tube bus stops outside every 15 mins. The staff were very courteous and polite and the facilities were very good. The breakfast buffet was very good and set us up for the day. Food and drink are pricey as with most hotels but there are plenty of eating places close by. I would definitely recommend this hotel for  tourists that are planning to visit  London and Oxford  because of it""s easy access to transport links for both.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable hotel, good location.","Decided to return to this hotel as part of a 2 night London trip with my mother. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Shepherds Bush tube ( Central Line ) or a more pleasant 8 minute walk to Holland Park tube. The number 94 bus also passes the hotel and will take you towards Marble Arch, Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus. ( Beware, the bus can be very slow in heavy traffic. ) We arrived at the hotel around 1.30pm. The female receptionist, who was training, was very polite  but struggled to find our reservation. I used the lobby internet zone to find my booking reference and with a little help from her colleague my booking was located. We were advised the room would be ready for 3pm so we used this time for some lunch at the Westfield Centre. The room 1036 , a Twin Deluxe, was on…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service. Great location,"Paided for a 2 night stay with tesco club card tokens , bargin. Arrived half hour before check in, we were told if we could wait an hour for our room we could have a king we size room, we were happy to do this as we wanted to get done luch. We were given a complimentary drinks card to use in the bar for 2 alcoholic drinks for being prepared to wait. Excellent service. Had a meal in the bar while we waited was lovely.  Room clean and spacious, king size bed, soda, mini bar. Bathroom with bath and shower.  Hotel quiet staff very friendly.  Breakfast was brilliant both days huge choice including omelettes cooked fresh by the chef.  Don't believe the bad reviews I could not fault this hotel. Aldo excellent location, 10min walk to tube station on central line. Taxi from Stratford…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,4 start but never 5,the place is good close to one of the bigget shopping mall  stuff is great in the  i found that the stuff make the place better than how it look   some rooms with shower and some without  the place is quite old but u will never feel this until u chcek in and see the rooms  very clean place   and good standerd   do i advice or not ?? yes go for it but make sure that u know its a 4 start hilton . becouse i thought it is 5 start,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed here for 3 nights which was a Xmas present for the wife. Excellent service, very clean rooms, and well decorated - although the bathrooms could maybe do with updating. Located a few minutes walk from Shepherds Bush Tube Station and a large shopping centre.   We paid around £83 a night which is very reasonable for this hotel",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, often over-priced","I stay here a lot, mainly because it is relatively convenient for work and cheaper than other Hilton's. However, prices fluctuate massively and even at the lower end it's pretty expensive.   Rooms are variable, often very small and in need of some serious sprucing up. In fact the whole building could do with a bit of a re-vamp. The restaurant and bar menu are limited and the food is pretty average. I've only used the restaurant once and the service was a shocker, but the menu is better in there than the bar. Where you do get served!  The Westfield is only over the road and has a lot more choice of restaurants and fast food.   Generally I find the staff really helpful and friendly and the exec lounge is decent if you're a Hilton honors member.   There is a tuny gym which doesn't…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for short stays in London,"My wife and I found this hotel excellent in every respect when we spent a short stay in London to visit a fabulous concert at the Royal Albert Hall. The room was certainly adequate and extremely quiet. We had a superb evening meal, costly yes but that's life and as usual the only rip off was the price of a bottle of wine but this is the same wherever you stay. The breakfast, my favourite meal, was perfect. I would certainly recommend a stay at this hotel when visiting London.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel noting spectacular,"There are more cons than pros to this hotel  Pros  First of all the hotels location is of perfect proximity to west fields shopping centre, transportation links and also close to the main city by car. The hotel rooms are clean with a modern fresh decor. The food at the hotel was of a high standard for both dinner and breakfast. The front desk was very helpful and friendly  Cons   The attendant for the exec lounge was quite rude and to be honest looked like he rather be at home in bed sleeping The food in the exec lounge was nothing special a few greasy bites. The parking rate at the hotel was extortionate at 25.00 for overnight parking The front facing rooms at the hotel seems single glazed which gives you a really restless night of sleep as you get a lot of noise from the…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms extremely small,"It was only for one night but, although comfortable, rooms a too small for a Hilton. It took for ever during breakfast to get a coffee. Concierge was not really helpful when asking to book a taxi taking credit cards.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Value, Great Stay, Treated well.",Me and the Mrs. were upgraded to a front facing room on the executive floor.   Beautiful view of the park and homes across the street.   We had a slight problem with the closet door and we immediately offered a room change but the problem was minor and we stayed put.   The door was repaired during our dinner outing.    We were treated very well during our stay and the concierge service was excellent.   This was our second stay at this property and the easy access to the tube and Westfield Mall makes this a winner for us.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel , great location","I stayed here with my partner for two nights over Easter.  Decided to catch a taxi to the hotel as we were a bit put off by some of the reviews on here saying the tube was across a very busy road - first tip - do not catch a London taxi as the trip cost us 20.00 for a 15 minute journey. Very impressed with on arrival at hotel - lovely reception area - really helpful staff - and we were able to check in early which we were really pleased with.  Our room was on the first floor, which did smell of damp if I'm honest - but not sure where smell was coming from as the floor looked clean. We stayed in Room 1100 which was at the back of the hotel so very quiet.  Decent sixed room for two people, very clean, but could still smell a slight damp smell.  The location of the hotel is great -…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value in a convenient spot,"My daughter, my son and I had a very pleasant and comfortable time during the couple of days we spent in this hotel. The room was comfortable for all 3 of us and it was good value. The only disappointment was the price of car parking which was £32/day which we found hard to believe! Surely one would be better off using taxies! On the other hand, we were able to walk to Westfield Shopping centre and buses, underground were close enough. The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful and we will remember our short stay in Hilton Kensington with a smile on our faces.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great executive rooms!,"Checked in to this hotel, receptionist very friendly informed me that because of my HHonors membership I would now get a superior room with a King Bed. Went to the room, which was nothing special at all to find an adjoining room with a Queen bed. Rang reception to check if I had the right room.  Operator asked what the problem was, I explained then suddenly transferred to someone else. Then I had to explain again, the phone got cut at some point then I spoke to someone very apologetic offering me an executive room with free access to the lounge.  I wasn't expecting this, a really nice upgrade - a much better room. So I would say you would be far better booking the executive room here. I wasn't impressed if the room I had before was superior, in my opinion there wasn't anything…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for a hotel in a good location,"Booked a two night stay short notice and value overall was good. Bar, reception and rooms are modern and clean. Room was small and stuffy even with the air con on. Check in was slow. We were disturbed by the maids twice before 9.30am on the day we were due to check out even though check out wasn't until midday. ",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - actually in Shepherd's Bush,"This Hilton is very nice and very helpful and attentive reception staff. The Hotel is described as ""Kensington"" but is really Shepherd's bush as it is on line of sight of the tube station. Breakfast was very nice - buffet style but nice and fresh with a very full range.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent birthday stay,"Lovely hotel, Checked in really quickly. We were upgraded to an executive room which was good. The complementary champagne for my partners birthday was a nice touch. The staff were always friendly and always ready to help.  Only one negative thing is that the bathroom floor looked like it needed to be mopped but apart from that it was perfect.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,birthday treet,i stayed at the hilton kensington with my partner lovely hotel was upgraded to an executive room which gave us complimentary breakfast every motning which was a great start to the day room was lovely with kingsize bed also a bottle of champagne delivered two days in a row to the room plus birthday cake which was a lovely surprise great location more holland park than kensington only fault i have with hotel was very expensive bar 13pounds for two drinks 1cocktail and 1pint of beer,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location. Less than four star service,Recently spent a couple of days here over the Easter holidays. Not my first time here.  The location is great!  The concierge was helpful as usual. There might be a queue as its a very busy hotel but you'll get the assistance required.  My issue was with the quality of service rendered in other areas. The heating in my room developed a problem (this is the third time/trip this has happened) and as usual when I complained the concierge was sent up with a heater.  No surprise there.  I just expect better from a four star hotel and the fact that this has happened repeatedly (even during winter) leaves a lot to be desired.,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Break,"Whilst we only stayed one night, our experience was excellent. No problems leaving bags as we were early, reception then obliged with an early check in (not expected), and the cleaners were helpful, especially Joanna. Rooms clean, functional and well equipped. Breakfast excellent, though replacing food items was a bit slow (but dining area was full). Handy for tube (Shepherds Bush) and large shopping centre (Westfield?). For the price we paid (under £100) it was excellent value at Easter weekend. We all agreed we would stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel,Helpful staff","Good Hilton,clean and tidy, with all the necessary trimmings.A little way out  but the queueing taxi's at the door got us to central London in 15 mins cheaper than the tube and less hassle. Very helpful staff made sure all our rooms were close together as requested  and made us feel wanted guests.Would stay again",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great birthday stay,This was a fantastic weekend stay for my birthday.  We had an executive room which gave us all the privileges of the executive lounge.    Big thank you to all the welcoming and helpful staff that made this birthday break so special.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fab weekend stay..,"Myself, my partner and our 2 friends stayed here for 2 nights. Our friends emailed the Hilton beforehand as we were staying in London to celebrate my friend and I's birthday. We got upgraded to Executive Suites, having full use of the executive lounge, with free breakfast, afternoon tea and drinks included!  Upon arrival, the staff were fantastic! So helpful and friendly, taking time to chat to us about our stay and celebrations.  The room was gorgeous! So clean and spacious, with complimentary teas, coffees, bottled water and shortbread biscuits.   After our first night out, we arrived back to our rooms, where the Hilton had put a surprise free bottle of champagne and a card in our friends room for us to continue our celebrations. We were over the moon.  Breakfast and free…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A few steps from Westfield Shepherd's Bush,"I have stayed at this hotel many times now.  It is very handy to the huge Westfield shopping mall at Shepherd's Bush and Shepherd's Bush Central Line tube station (less than 5 minute walk). I would query the name of the hotel which might make people think it is near to Kensington High Street or South Kensington.  The hotel is more accurately Shepherd's Bush. The hotel is obviously quite corporate and I could not say there is much of a friendly welcome or any kind of personality really.  However if you just want somewhere clean, quiet and efficient to stay then it is perfect.  I never take breakfast at the hotel as there are so many nice cafes nearby in Westfield.  For such a busy location, I have never suffered traffic noise and have always had a good night sleep although the…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great London hotel ...,"I have stayed at the Hilton Kensington on a number of occasions and continue to be impressed with the quality of this hotel.   The hotel is located within a 5-10 minute walk of Shepherd’s Bush tube station and is a great location for a visit to London with the main sights being a short tube ride away.  Rooms are of a good standard, if a little tired, and come complete with all of the usual Hilton amenities. The restaurant food is excellent, with room service being equally good.   In summary, a great hotel in a great location offering good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,ok but could be better,"My first visit to this hotel didn't match my previous Hilton experiences and the standard I expect from that chain.  The exterior could do with a makeover but internally it was much better. There were renovations under way on the floor I was staying on.   It is conveniently located for Central London via Shepherd's Bush tube and the Westfield Shopping Centre which has a range of restaurants is a few minutes walk.  Breakfast was good with vegetarian hot items being available.  The range of cereals was very limited which surprised me for a Hilton.  Reception and breakfast staff were great, being polite and helpful. Housekeeping disappointed on this occasion as they failed to replenish my shower gels, shampoo, soap and coffee. I tried to call them early evening but my call went…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced but handy for Westfield,Stayed here for 3 nights on a work trip recently and the hotel was terrible value for the money paid - as a previous reviewer stated if you are paying Hilton prices you expect Hilton service and facilities.   Visitors to London should not be fooled by the Kensington label - this is in Shepherd's Bush which isn't the most attractive area but does house the west London Westfield centre. Westfiled offers plenty of eating options which should you should take advantage of as the hotel restaurant is soulless.   I found breakfast to be a bit of a market and the toaster was hopeless - when I reported this I was told the management had been told on numerous occasions but had not had it fixed. Room was pokey and the hall smelt of cigarettes despite it being a non-smoking floor. I don't…,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
3551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What A Difference a Few Months Make !,"The last time I did a review I gave it a great score ,especially drawing attention to their executive lounge for executive room bookers. However , after this week end I have to retract my recommendation. Although taking into account this is Easter weekend and you'd expect it be busier  , there was a huge drop in standards and service. We found that there were not enough staff to keep up with the massive influx of people. This resulted in not enough seats / tables. Having to have drinks   from paper cups ,no orange juice or coffee at breakfast .No butter , no cutlery  , ........ it was like a rugby scrum .I spoke to one of the frazzled staff who informed me very apologetically that a free promotion had taken place ,and the losers were of course us regular paying guests ,and the…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
3552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value fab location,"Stayed here for 1 night on he 29/03/13 Booked this particular hotel for a couple of reasons the first being they had pre-bookable car parking rare and expensive in London second was its location a 10min walk from westfields shopping centre in sheppards bush and the tube into the city. Hotel reception lobby was very impressive and staff very helpful, we were given a free room upgrade due to a promotion when I booked but found the room somewhat disappointing, quite small for a delux room,bathroom a little tired the anti slip strips peeling in the bath, but had all the usual necessities.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in a great location.....great value for money,"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night on 29/03/13 during an overnight stay in London prior to heading down south.  The location was great....on the central tube line at shepherds bush, only a few stops from Piccadilly circus and can be easily reached from euston / Victoria stations via tube. It's very close to the tube station and only a couple of minutes walk to the Westfield shopping centre - which is great with a wide range of shops / bars / restaurants. (we ate at the Lebanese restaurant just up from wagamamas and would highly recommend the food here!) We actually didn't venture away from this area until the evening as it has so much to offer.  We got a great rate on an executive room by booking during an offer period and the room was really nice. The only negative was that…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel!!!,"Love these hotel and the executive lounge, The hotel is out of the way unless you want to visit Wrstfield. I wish the front drsk of the executive lounge was staffed. The bedrooms are small, but everything else is great. Good service in the restaurant.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"business trip, decent stay","Hi, once again great hilton staff. Very impressive lobby but the hotel needs renovating. Although I believe they have already started this. I did find the previous occupant of my room had been storing a pile of fruit in the fridge but I guess thats pretty minor. I would stay here again but not my first choice locally",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing to write home about,I had a three night stay here. Check in was effortless. Was a bit disapointed with the room though. In Southern African standards teh room would equate toa 2 star hotel and I woudnt say it would justify that . It was small cramped and old in need of some tlc too. What was great wa sthat it had all the amenities eventhough you had to pay for the bottled water. staff was helpfull but not overly friendly. Asked the consierge for a cheap way to get to the Airport his best was a 50 pound trip by taxi in the end I paid 1.5 pounds took the train and was at teh airport in no time. Breakfast was good with a wide spread of food. Had dinner there must say the menu was limited especialy on the meat side coupled with an overly eager waiter who made me wait for my wine untill I had finished…,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Late bar was very welcome,Had been working late in Knightsbridge so was so pleased when The Hilton managed to fit me in a short notice.  Got there about 12oc. Check in quick and easy. Was pleasantly surprised to see the bar still open and quite a few people in still in there. Just what the doctor ordered.  Clean comfy room and a good breakfast.  More for the traveller though I think even though good location.  Would stay there again,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Half term trip,"Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my family at February half term.  Good location near to Shepards Bush Tube station so made easy access to the centre of London on the Central line.  Nice rooms, we did ask for interconnecting rooms but had to do with a double and a twin for the two boys on the other side of the corridor.  Good breakfast to fill us up for all the walking that we did.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but not Hilton class,"First of all. If this would have been an Ibis hotel, or a Scandic or Mariott or just about any larger hotel chain than Hilton I would have rated it a 4. Or maybe 4.5. But the fact is it's an Hilton hotel, they charge you Hilton prices and your expectations are Hilton expectations I can't give the hotel more than a three.  Check-in was friendly even though I had a really hard time to understand what they were saying (and I've lived in London for 12 years...). The room wasn't ready until 3pm (I checked in at 2.55pm) so they had me waiting in the lobby. Come on. Five minutes? Really? Concierge was nowhere to be found and the bar didn't accept credit cards at the time, and since I wasn't appointed a room yet - they could not put it on the tab.  Room was alright, decent size but with…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Helpful friendly staff. Room was clean and had good range of toiletries. Exec lounge supplied breakfast and internet.,We stayed for one night. Found all staff to be friendly and helpful. Hot chocolate was a little over priced and £4.50 but in London is probably the norm.  We had an Executive room so had lounge access which meant a self service breakfast. This was a bonus as was the internet access in the lounge. Unfortunately we were mostly out so did not have the ability to make full use of the lounge.  Room was clean. Not the largest of rooms but plenty big enough for the 2 of us. Bed was oversized which was lovely. Room was on the back so quiet. Room number 2005.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cannot fault it,"Stayed at this hotel 5 times so far since 2008 and cannot fault it, staff are efficient but not over freindly, rooms are on the small scale but this is the norm for London hotels. Breakfast buffet offers more than you wish for , and servers are prompt in responding to patrons needs. Dinner is tasty but small portions for the price they charge Check in / out always quick and never had a problem with online bookings Rooms are very clean",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny Room,"I stayed here for 3 nights with my husband.  We are expats and travel quite a bit.  We got a good value for a London hotel but the room was miniscule.  I mean teeny tiny… we are not large people in height or weight and the 2 of us were bumping into each other.  I've stayed in larger places in Paris so that is staying a lot.  Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  The room was noisy with police sirens whizzing by all night long.  Location was fine; the tube is less than a 5 minute walk and a quick ride to major London sites.  There is a great Indian Restaurant across the road on the way to the tube.  The Westfield Mall is a 5 minute walk where there is a nice cinema and loads of restaurants.  Skip the hotel breakfast, it’s substandard and they charged 40£ for 2 people. …",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very well connected hotel for London and environs,"I like staying at this hotel simply because it is easy to get to (its 2 mins from the central line - 15 mins into central London - it's next to overground with regular trains to Clapham Junction), prices are considerably cheaper than central London prices, has a spanking new and very large shopping centre on its door step plus a multi screen cinema. Exec lounge is very nice and gym is more then adequate.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable.,Location is great and the room was very comfortable. The one staff member I spoke to was very friendly. There was a nice buzz in the foyer.  No extras included in the price. Room doors tend to bang closed so it is possible to be woken by other hotel residents.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Business Trip,"Me and my sister went to London for a three day business trip and checked in the KENSINGTON HILTON Hotel. The prices in London are always quite high so was the Hilton price rather high. We checked in at 4 pm and it took us a little while to find a room to the back , which is to recommand cause the holland road is quite busy. The rooms are small and they need to be put on a higher standard. But to be positive- we got a nice upgrade from Michelle (the receptionist). We got invited to the executive lounge for free for the whole stay which was very nice. But to be honest - next time we might try a new hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing rooms for the price.,"HI,  As mentioned in previous reviews. I work all over the world and stay in many hotels.  This Hilton was very disappointing and overpriced despite being in SW London.  No complaints about the cleanliness and that WAS appreciated. Otherwise the twin room I occupied for several nights was no better than a budget Travelodge or Premier Inn hotel.  The room was very dated, the bath with trickle shower poor, and the beds are similar to hospital beds /gurneys complete with four wheels.  The hotel reception is very nice but that only adds to the 'let down' feeling gained, once you enter your room.  Overall I would give a score of 'average' for the hotel but 'poor' for value. A similar or better room at a less prestigious brand could be had for literally . . .  half the cost ! !  So…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Conforatble, well located hotel","Small room, not very modern but the location is great. Just opposite Westfield, the Hilton is very accessible with great bus and tube links.  Rooms are okay.. breakfast is very good. I wouldnt say much about the dining though, especially for vegetarians. Concierge very helpful!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel!,"After reading some of the more negative reviews of this website I was a bit skeptical as what to expect, although I could not have asked more from this hotel! We arrived about 9am to check in even though we knew our room wouldn't be ready. The receptionist was an incredibly lovely welcoming woman! As it was my birthday she gave us a free upgrade and compliments from the hotel, the only slight problem she didn't tell us what this upgrade consisted of. She seemed to have a genuine interest in how my birthday had been and was more than happy to upgrade us, not one of these ""oh its your birthday have a big room"" types. After leaving our bags with the slightly less enthusiastic concierge who seemed grumpy on the 3 occassions we met him, we made our way to west view which is a small 5…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beware the bar prices....,"Stayed here for 2 weekend nights ..Friday and Saturday.  Hotel much like any other chain hotel...room of standard size and layout. Appeared to be well maintained which was good and there is an ironing board/iron provided...definitely a must! Overall no complaints at all with accommodation and cleanliness.       However, I have a real issue with pricing in the hotel bar....  Asked for a large glass of white wine (for my wife) and a pint of Boddingtons draught (my first choice beer was not available apparently!!). When the barman said that would be £18 please, I had to ask again as I thought I mustn't have heard him correctly the first time.  No....£18 it was.....so I paid up.  On sitting down and having then looked at the price list on the table ...the wine was £10.50 for a 250ml…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"So-so, nothing outstanding..","Stayed at Hilton Kensington London for 2 nights in March 2013.  Definitely not my recommendation.  Try other Hilton perhaps, if you want to stick to this brand name.  Nothing stands out that will make me return here.  Rooms were so-so, bed was shaky and squeaky (with every turn our bodies make).  No-no for honeymooners.  Firstly, although close to Shepperd Bush station, we had to walk about 20 mins in the cold weather with our luggages, crossing 3 traffic lights to get to the hotel – not for family with small kids definitely.  Then, we thought Westfield was just across the street from Hilton. Not; the mall is closer to Shepperd Bush station.  Shops nearby were closed by 8 pm, so not much choice for eateries.  Thank god for Tesco, which opens quite late! Notting Hill and…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff determined to make our stay special...,"Chose to stay at this hotel because of positive TripAdvisor reviews. Did not disappoint. Very clean and a wonderful, friendly staff determined to make our visit special. Because I had notified them beforehand of my intent to celebrate my husband's birthday in London, the manager surprised us with not only having the room ready upon arrival after an overnight flight, but the room was on the top floor with fulll access to the Executive Lounge. Great location - close to Hyde Park and the tube where we were able to explore the city. Good breakfast each morning and Happy Hour tidbits each night with attentive service. The Consierge helped book a trip to Stonehenge, Cantebury Cathedral to see the Magna Carta and Bath. Fantastic meals at the hotel, plus The Crypt at Saint Martins in…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, couldn't do enough for us","We stayed at this hotel for my son's birthday.  I contacted them before to ask for birthday cake on the day of his birthday and they were so helpful, they arranged for lots of special treats for him including cake, balloons and banners on his birthday, they made it really special.  We also got upgraded to an executive room, the room was nice although not as big as I thought it may have been but the extras that come with an executive room make it worth it.  We got access to the executive lounge where there is complimentary afternoon tea and in the evening there were complimentary food and drinks.  I would definitely return to this hotel.  Breakfast was really nice too, lots of choice and lots for vegetarians too.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Peace in London,A wonderful two night stay here. The staff were exceptionally helpful. nothing was too much trouble and the room exceedingly quiet. The food at breakfast was good with a great variety available and the bar meal was also beautifully presented and very tasty.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs some TLC,As Hilton members we have stayed at this hotel several times over the past years. My husband always insists on driving to London and there is a safe car park under the hotel.   We pay extra for an Executive room which includes breakfast in the lounge. The food is not as good as in the main buffet but the lounge is quieter. Also there are some cakes at tea time and nibbles with drinks in the evening. The lounge closes at 20:00 so go for pre show nibbles around 19:00.  Staff are friendly and efficient. Michelle on reception was particularly pleasant. The main areas of the hotel still look fairly smart but don't seem to changed for years. Some of the paintwork is looking in need of a freshen up e.g. the loo in Executive lounge. Same goes for the bedrooms which are clean but looking…,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Again fire alarm during the night,"As already read in the past 13th august 2012 the fire alarm start at 02:30 am of 14th March 2013.  It went off at approximately 3:30 am. Whole building evacuated until 3:30 am and none that explain something or apology or even a free coffee out of the in convenience, just a letter under the door few hours later. The event ruined the business meeting as having plans for 9am at our important client, it was to late to go back to sleep and to exhausted to enjoy the meeting. What is wrong with this alarm?The front desk employer explained me that was a criminal act but I hope they have punished the people that switch on it.I assume they recognize him with video surveillance system in the corridor that I hope was installed. Why Hilton take my money for the night and I did not take my…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hold onto your wallet,"Was running late for a dinner appointment and my US iPhone was being balky so I made two local calls to tell my hosts I would be late. The hotel demanded roughly $92 and shaved off $16 when I complained. ""It is marked near the phone"" was the ridiculous excuse. Highway robbery is highway robbery, even if poorly advertised.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
3577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would I stay again?,"Checked in around 3.30pm and our room (executive) wasn't ready.  We went to the executive lounge for  afternoon tea and by 4pm the room still wasn't ready.  I suggested to reception perhaps we could move to another room ,which was a big mistake.  The room itself was fine but the noise outside even at midnight was awful.  The hotel is near traffic lights  and the road appeared to be very busy.  By 02.00am I gave up and asked to be moved as we couldn't get to sleep.  Even though we were ""upgraded"" the room was the same size and apart from dressing gowns and slippers I couldn't see the difference. The following day our room wasn't made up as the computer hadn't been updated.  The air con system was much older and no one could sort it so the engineer was called.  Housekeeping sent a…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Average Accommodation, Poor Bed","This hotel has a good location, hence why I chose it to stay at but an overall average stay.  Nothing wrong with the service. Check-in was fine. Room was tight but not a problem. Gym was average and showering facilities were shared, which was very strange. Bed was terrible, any movement was creaky making for an awful sleep.  Unsure if it was just this room (2088) but I was in a rush and it was too late to really question this. For the price I'd say there are better options within short distance of the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cheap,"Well. We paid 80 pounds for a twin room. That is the best you can say about this hotel. If you don´t want to pay much, the hotel gives you a decent roof. But the room was small, the bath room tiny and old. If you want to visit Westfield shopping centre, it is 3 minutes walk away, but except for that - don´t think I will go back.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Undergoing changes,"I've stayed here many times before and have written in their defence previously against some of the negative remarks. The hotel is in an excellent location for me with Westfield close at hand and great transport links for working. On a recent stay I discovered that there was building work going on and that this may disrupt my stay. It is not mentioned on the website nor did I receive any notice of this by email which is a disappointment. Check in was pretty inefficient, as I was directed away from the HHonors check in and back to a main queue, which had built up as I was standing behind someone checking in at the HHonors desk. Most annoying. No upgrade was given, no other benefits apart from exec room, access either. Room was on large side for this hotel, no view to speak of. It…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Swans Wembley weekend.,"Had a great day in London watching the Swans win the League Cup at Wembley then had a fantastic stay in the Hilton Kensington. The staff always make you feel at home and the service was second to none, we will be back.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London2013,Check in time was far too long to wait (over 20 minutes) Bedroom on the front of a main road so a little noisey if the window was open.  Very clean room and comfortable bed.  TV didn't work properly. Good choice of breakfast,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay :-),"Booked this Hilton hotel under the 'Any Weekend Anywhere' sale, so got a good rate (£80) for a deluxe double room. Hotel was very clean and comfortable, nicely decorated, quite contemporary. The difference between a standard and a deluxe double was a bottle of wine, bathrobe and slippers and a bottle of mineral water. We did receive the wine just after we arrived, and the water was already in the room (although we didn't use it as it had a price tag on it so we weren't aware it was inclusive), but we didn't get the bathrobe and slippers. Just a small thing.  We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on the food. We had breakfast in the morning which was very nice. There was a lot of choice, everything you could think of.  Reception staff and restaurant staff…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton standard hotel but not the best location,"Hotel is typical of the brand.  Nice spacious public areas and tastefully designed bar and Executive lounge.  Rooms are a bit tired looking but comfortable enough.  Sound proofing between rooms is not the best but no outside street noise.  Very friendly and efficient staff.  Ercon the Barman was particularly vigilant in phoning my room when he overhead a couple of chancers who had come in off the street and tried to order drinks by charging to my room.  They were escorted to reception and made to pay by credit card.  Personally, if I was the duty manager I would have called the police but I guess the hotel is too busy and chances are that the guys would just have run off anyway.  Hotel location details say that the closest underground is.Holland Park.  I would reckon that it's…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant surprise!,"We only chose this hotel because it was handy for concert at Shepherds Bush Empire but what a find! Ugly outside but spotlessly clean and nicely decorated, we got a competitive rate in advance which included upgrade. Rooms very nice and executive lounge far exceeded our expectations; Drinks, tasty canapes and a better breakfast than many hotel restaurants manage. Will definitely stay again next time we visit London, transport links for the centre are more than adequate.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"This is a great base to use if you are exploring London. Adjacent to Holland Park tube station and with the 94 bus transporting you to Piccadilly Circus from outside the front door, public transport is certainly not an issue. The staff are very eager to please and be of assistance whenever possible, I would whole-heartedly recommend a stay here.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Stay away, stay away...until........","I haven't stayed at a Hilton Hotel for some time now due to very bad service at the Hilton Paddington awhile back, so I decide because I had some loyalty points left that I would try this hotel out as I had stayed here a few years back. The hotel itself is well located, near Shepherd Bush tube and the beautiful Westfield Shopping centre. The rooms are okay in size although not fantastic, the lounge area is comfortable and open with a big screen TV and the gym is good.  My problems with this hotel were unacceptable and very detrimental to my stay which was a business stay.  I was booked into a standard room and I struggled with wifi so badly that I wasn't even able to open my Gmail on occasions and every time I called the operator to advise her of my situation I was put through…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
3588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,luxury,"Located amongst small tight neighborhood.Close by is westfield mall,containing good variety of shops.Concierge most helpful,though always busy.Reception well staffed and helpful for advise.Housekeeping is excellent and able to order towels late.Dining is good in well appointed dining room.Rooms are neat and bathroom well stocked with necessities.Located in busy street.Quick cab ride to Paddington station..",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Special Birthday... Amazing Hospitality!!,"My wife and I recently stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 2 nights as a surprise to celebrate my wife's 30th birthday. It was an amazing stay and the staff could not have done any more if they tried, totally amazing from arrival to departure. I emailed ahead to ask if the hotel had any suggestions to make the stay more memorable for my wife. We were kindly upgraded to an executive room, with access to the executive lounge. Due to our hectic itinerary, we didn't manage to utilise the exeuctive suite to its full potential (pre-dinner drinks from 18:00 - 20:00) but was a nice area to grab a quick coffee or soft drink during the day. We were also on a very early flight from Inverness, and again I mailed ahead to enquire about the possibility of an early check-in. This was again…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Member of HH Honours and I wonder why?,"Checked into this hotel about 2 hours ago, paid full price only to find I am on a floor currently being renovated. I don't mind this as all places need a lick of paint at sometime, otherwise we would all complain on sites such as this. However what I do object to is being put in a very smelly ( smoke) broom cupboard on the 3rd floor, room 3096 and paying full price!! I asked, as did another person when I was checking in, for a change of room but not joy. The whole transaction at check in resulted in about 5 words, hardly a warm welcome for a HH Honours member. truthfully I feel really disappointed, even when I went back to reception I was greeted with a ' we will look into it' response but I don't feel that confident anyone will do anything about it. I was going to eat in the…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
3591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,If only for a night..,"We stayed at this hotel because we were going to watch a QPR match over the weekend, after my hubby had finished his work-related matters. My first reaction when i unlocked the door to the room was... ""what a tiny little room"". We had a standard room for 3 nights and there's barely enough space for the two of us. We had to keep our suitcase on the armchair that was already pushed to the corner. There was just no space.  The carpets are really worn and old, it's feels very uncomfortable to walk on barefoot and they don't provide bedroom slippers. The bathroom, needless to say, is also small. Just enough space for a WC and small shower stall. The linen had a strange odour.   The only thing I liked was that we could open the windows slightly for the cold winter wind to circulate…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Old Hotel Great Location,"Here is a hotel that needs a facelift.  The bathroom needed a new sink, because it was cracked and was being held together with silicon. The carpet has seen better days.  The hotel is situated near a great Shopping Mall and the area is surrounded by nearby restaurants.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with a car park!!,"Booked to stay one night with our two children (age 16 & 12) and needed a hotel with a car park. Car park fee was £25 for 24 hours but was safe and secure. We had two rooms with an interconnecting door, the rooms are very well equipped although Wifi was only available in the lobby which was a bit of a pain for my husband. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. Nearest tube station is Shepherds bush, a 5 minute walk away, takes around 20 minutes on the tube into central London. Breakfast is buffet service which was really nice, and an easy check out service is available if your in a rush. Overall I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Booked in advance on a good rate","Spent three nights, room was perfectly acceptable, having fresh clean bedding every day, we were able to access the executive lounge which is a bonus being Diamond members. however I do believe there is an option to pay for this at a cost of £20pp per night. Maybe worth doing for one night, selection of crudités,canapés, cheese and small hot snacks available, and a good selection of drinks. Hotel is situated near the Central Tube line so its easy to get into the centre, so ideally located especially if you can get a good rate. The main public area could be spruced up a little, it's dark with a drab decor, this is a minor criticism. Staff were friendly, especially chambermaids who always said ""Good Morning"".  We ordered room service, Pizza and chunky chips rather expensive and…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,fairly good for one night,"well located, on the outskirts of the centre but close to a central line tube station. You will be in 10 minutes at Oxford Circus. Typical non-personalised hotel . Functional without any attempt to make it cosy. You can sleep in a small but clean room, without any comfort for a stay longer than one or two nights. Breakfast is sufficient. The restaurant is to be avoided. To dine there is a demonstration of extreme laziness or lack of imagination. Take the tube and go in town. In London terms, price is fairly honest for quality received but do not expect anything more.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff & service - small rooms are looking tired,"I first stayed here about 6 years ago & remembered it being very good, so when I needed to stay in London & found the hotel advertised at just £71.20 (room only) on Hilton's own website I boked it without hesitation.  This hotel is great if you are driving because you stay just outside the congestion charging zone. There are also decent bus links but the tube stations are not so convenient - the closest is Shepherds Bush but involves crossing a very busy main road, whereas Holland Park is about half a mile walk. Personally I used the bus stop opposite hotel where the bus numbers 94 & 148 go via Marble Arch (for Oxford Street) & down Park Lane (for Hyde Park & Piccadilly).  Upon arrival the lobby & reception area are well lit & have a well kept modern feel about them. Check in…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You will want to come back,"Looking to stay in London but away from the noise of the city, then then this hotel is perfect.  Park the car under the hotel  and leave it there, where it is safe and secure, expensive, but worth it.  Get yourself an Oyster card and the bus stop to Oxford Street and Leicester Square are right outside the front door and the tube station is less than a five minute stroll. That five minute stroll,  also takes you to Westfield Shopping Centre where there are designer stores to Marks and Spencer that are open until 10.00 pm, then there is a cinema complex and eateries for all tastes from Jamie Oliver's Italian to  Jom Makan's Malaysian restaurant  All Hilton hotels are to a certain standard, if you want cheap, then go to the Premier Inn, this hotel provides quality service, where…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average city hotel,"Booked this hotel through last minute.com It was a secret hotel only £10 cheaper than hotel rate. The hotel is next to Shepard  Bush tube about 1.5 miles from Kensington High St. There is nothing special about the hotel. It was basic and clean. Wifi is free only in public areas £15,00/day if you require access in the bedroom for this reason I will not be returning.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but very small room,"We booked Hilton London Kensington to celebrate our anniversary. Booked it via lastminute when we saw the offer and paid 142 pounds for 2 nights stay excluding breakfast. On arrival the reception was busy and they had only 2 people to look after everyone, spent 20minutes for the check in. The room we were given was on the first floor and very very small. We were given a room with shower but would have preferred to have a bath. The room (1092) door was kind of broken, had to pull it hard to be able to lock/unlock it. At the check in we were advised that breakfast would be extra 12pounds pp however the next morning when we went to the restaurant we were advised by the lady whom was very careless and miserable that it is 20pounds pp so we decided not to have breakfast at the hotel…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a great shopping location,"I recently stayed at the Hilton whilst on business and was attracted by the fact that it is located two minutes from Wesrfield shopping centre, home to 300 shops and 65 restaurants......my idea of heaven! I was impressed by the hotel staff, I arrived laden down with shopping and the porter kindly offered to take my bags to my room for me......bingo, brownie points all round! The lobby is very modern and spacious and I was impressed to see someone playing the baby grand piano next to the bar. There are computer terminals to use free of charge and wifi is free all over the hotel. My room was lovely, all very modern which is something I rarely see in London hotels, most of them look tired and in need of a refurb but not the Hilton. I had a lovely nights sleep and ventured down for…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,ok room poor facilities exec lounge,"The room was small stayed in a king exec room,view of some rooftops not good,but no big deal it was clean comfy bed which was fine.I found all the staff here very friendly and accomodating,a credit to hilton,we had a lovely meal in the restaurant,which was also excellent for service.The concierge desk was great nothing was too much trouble.The hotel is situated in a nice part of london away from the city centre bustle,also theres a huge shopping mall 10 minutes away.Now the exec lounge ,this was not good very limited canapes compared to other hilton exec lounges.The food was always lukewarm including breakfast where there was often no seating available,and no cups so we left.My partner sue spotted the restaurant manager who arranged for fresh coffee from the costa facility.The…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Take your ear plugs,"We took advantage of a 'London Town' offer (£95 inc b/fast) and booked the Hilton when we went to see Train at the Hammersmith O2 - London Town are Train were awesome! Room was nice and clean and bed was comfortable and the refurbishment on the 3rd floor wasn't a problem however we got no sleep as the room had zero sound insulation from other guests - the walls are paper thin and there's a 1 inch gap under the door presumably to comply with fire regs? Someone breaths in the corridor outside it's amplified in the room (we had a muppet phoning about being locked out their room at 4am!), someone opens or closes a door it's like thunder someone urinates its like a waterfall. Don't stay here if you want to sleep - worst hotel stay I've had in a long time as its difficult to be happy…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
3603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfectly adequate but nothing special,I stayed here in a twin room for one night with my daughter. The staff were very polite and friendly. Our room was clean and comfortable with the standard facilities expected of a hotel of this type. Breakfast was a large and varied buffet and was of decent quality. Overall we had a pleasant stay however it was expensive.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not happy :o(,"Lobby was fine - move out of view on the general population was terrible. Looked like some work was planned/started/stopped - was not told of any work so seemed this was the norm. Was depressing. Maybe other areas of the hotel were better and I just got the cheap seats. Not going to risk it again though - reception staff were good, quick and called to say if i needed anything to contact them - I  had no power to say or I need another hotel. This may have been a one off and it's London so you always pay more than you get but was not impressed overall",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
3605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Trip,"My london trip is going well, a few more weeks here and after i will go in Oriental trip. Hilton is something special relaxing area and good connect location. Yes, the food still not like a restaurant, but good taste. I will be back!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel but a few faults!,"We stayed at the Hilton London Kensington at the weekend for my partners birthday, we had room 6076 which was a fantastic room couldn't fault it, lovely decor and view, comfiest bed in a hotel Ive ever had, Lovely complimentary shower gels etc and all very clean. We were upgraded to this executive room as i had emailed the hotel prior to our stay to explain it was my partners birthday to see how much it would cost for a bottle of champagne to be put into the room for arrival, i received an email back a few days later from Tiffany Rosheuvel the  Manager of Guest Relations and she was very helpful, she upgraded us to this room which gave us access to the executive lounge including breakfast and a free bar between 6pm-8pm and she also offered to put a bottle of house champagne in…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Helpful service and decent rooms,"London is a black box when it comes to hotels - with most experiences being pretty disappointing. The Hilton Kensington, however, proved itself to be a good find for London visits. The service was both friendly and efficient, and even though we were early for the 3 pm check in, they let us wait in the executive lounge where there is complementary wifi (a shortcoming for the rest of the hotel). The room was pretty small, but nice enough. Location is good with walking distance to the Notting Hill area, Portobello market and Kensington Gardens. The tube is also right around the corner, making the airport transfer convenient and hassle free. Would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I couldnot expect more!,"I was in London for a seminar and I chose the hotel for its location and its ""name""...It fitted both. Very good bed, very good breakfast, very good staff. When I used the shower gel and shampoo they didnot replace it but there must be an explanation..A bit cold when I came back in the evening. Excellent transport location : Shepherds Bush very close but the hit is bus 94 running to Piccadily Circus via Bayswater and Oxford street 24 hours a day!!! the stop being just outside the hotel...Internet access at the lobby very comfortable. Coffee and tea along with biscuits a good tradition in London Hotels kept here. Although not central by the classical meaning I would choose it again.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Suitable for Solo Business Traveller only,"This hotel is in a good location, plently of options within walking distance, but hotel is geared more towards business travellers - Room size very small for single person, no free wifi, meals both breakfast & dinner options are very expensive",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Second Time,"This was our second visit.  Booked again during the 40% off promo so got a very good deal £95 for the two of us in an Exec room.  Only difference this time was that we didn't include breakfast in the main restaurant.  Checking in was a little slow and disorganised but the very friendly and professional gentleman made up for the wait.  Room was clean and fine for the two of us.  Nice bathroom products.  Highlight was the Exec lounge.  Much better this time - service, quality and standard of refreshments.  We were very well looked after and all the staff we encountered, partifularly the two ladies on Friday evening, were a credit to the hotel.  Breakfast was great - ate in the Exec lounge and perfect for what we wanted.    Hotel is a little bit of a hike depending of where you…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Any time we choose this Hilton,"First time we chose Hilton Kensington because  Hilton honors had offered a good promo for week end, but we've got really good service and excellent location. I can tell that this hotel is a ""value for money"". Expected Hilton service, which combined with very polite staff, very good breakfast ( very often due to promotion breakfast is included), location (Shepherd bush station in Central line just in 3 min walking), Westfield - huge shopping mall the same - very close, London excursion bus station in 3 min as well. Rooms are clean and not SMALL ( as typical for London downtown).",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great experience, great service","Staff couldn't do enough for us although hotel was busy. We where given complimentary drinks from the mini bar, everything clean as a whistle. Stone throw away from shepherds bush tube and overground and same distance to Westfield where shopping is great and restaurants are also. Definitely recommend.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Winter Weekend,"Being there just for a weekend it was everything i need. The rooms are a little bit small but the hotel itself was good (wifi still a minus). Position perfect as few minutes from tube. Most important, hotel staff was perfect!!!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"good value, convenient, clean, professional staff","Caters for my needs - easy to reach by underground, in a good neighborhood, good price, clean, second time staying here; this hotel delivers for the pragmatic needs and no frill.  this time around even better experience - the bed made much less noise, cleaner, and a better bathroom (with a tub and more spacious).  Window facing the back so no traffic noise whatsoever.  breakfast excellent.  will definitely return given all remains equal.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good rate but a bit out of the way,"We stayed here with our kids and booked two adjoining rooms. The outside is really dated, but inside it's better. The rooms were small, but renovated and I felt comepletely comfortable. We booked the full English breakfast, which was boring after a day, but I didn't notice any brkfast joints in our direct vicinty, so it probably would be the best choice for people who need to eat in the morning.There might be a  Starbucks a few blocks away if I remeber correctly. All in all, the hotel is a few blocks from the tube station and then just a few stops from the central Hyde Park area. The red double decker bus stops right out the front door too and my kids got a kick out of riding up high. It is better for viewing the city than taking the tube. The hotel is in Holland Park ( not…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A GREAT STAY IN THE HEART OF LONDON,"Had a great time at this holiday great for what we needed. Hotel was lovely stayed here 5 times now,can't fault it and the executive up grade was wonderful. Breakfast had so much choice can't fault it. Rooms were clean and comfy.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reward your loyalty and know how to treat you well,"I travel every week with work and spend two nights per week in London.  At first, I wasn't overly impressed with the Hilton Kensington.  Don't get me wrong, the rooms are nice and modern- but the hotel didn't really WOW me.  After my first stay, I raised a (very small) issue in the automated guest satisfaction email.  To my delight, I received a personalised email from Huanita Megerle, the front of house manager, addressing my minor concern.  She offered to look after me well if i ever were to stay again.  As it turn out, I was staying for a further 4 weeks (and half way thorough them now).  They clearly take service seriously- and take great pride in delivering a great customer experience.  Every time I return- the receptionist welcomes me back with a smile and allocate a nice…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge,"Hi,  I am the Diamond member of Hilton honors program. There are lot of good things: friendly and professional stuff,  clean rooms, good location and ect. But I can stay there any more because of very less assortment of canapes ... all weeks the same: spring rolls, spring rolls and again ... I would suggest to manager to try it ... every week and to tell what he/she thinks about it. Thanks.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantasic location! lovely Breakfast :),"We arrived at the hotel on boxing day and stayed for two nights. The hotel lobby was nice with big christmas trees, we were greeted by a friendly member of staff and had a fast smooth check in. On entering the room we found a bottle of complimentary red wine and a platter of bite size christmas cakes which was lovely! we had only been in the room 10 mins when the lobby called on the telephone to make sure all was ok and we were happy with everything. The room was nice and clean and a decent size [don't know why people moan about them being small] it more than did the job however the bed was very uncomfortable and creeky everytime you turned over it made a terrible racket this being my only compliant. The breakfast was divine all buffet so you can help yourself to as much as you…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service not quite up to scratch,We stay here probably 4-6 times a year; being Hilton honor members are room preferences are held in our account.  When we checked in we were advised that we had been given a room upgrade; this was a nice surprise and a first. However when we got to our room we found it to be a smoking room despite requesting a non smoking room.  After a visit back down to reception it became apparent that we had been given this upgrade as a non smoking room was unavailable and was basically told 'tough' there is nothing that can be done and no manager was available for us to discuss this with.  Obviously this was not the end of the world but very unpleasant as the whole floor smelt of smoke.  Very disappointed as this is not the service we have ever received .  All other aspects of our weekend…,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"Me and my girlfriend are 17/18 so didnt know if we would be suitable in this environment. The room was gorgeous, and the staff friendly. The lobby is beautiful. The location is good. Very close to Westfields, Morrisons and Sheoherds Bush Underground. The shower was large and warm. The room was modern and we were allowed to check in three hours early. Beautiful and brilliant. Highly recommend.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Welcoming and friendly hotel that delivers on service,"My wife checked in recently with my 4 year old son and they were welcomed warmly and efficiently by the Reception team. I later joined them and had the same experience. Our room was modern, spacious and clean. During our 3 night stay the service was attentive and always accommodating. The restaurant is spacious, has a nice ambience and the breakfast offering was fantastic. Even on the Saturday morning when breakfast service was very busy, it was extremely well organised and the staff remained friendly and calm. Rasheed the Head Concierge helped us with our enquiries for visiting attractions and getting around and nothing was too much trouble. The Executive Lounge provided complementary canapes, beverages and internet access. Don't be put off by the standard exterior of this…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly and polite staff,"I often stay in Hotels but not usually in a Hilton.  When I arrived at the Hotel the check in staff were good.  They were friendly and polite, and there were no queues. I had a standard room on the 5th floor which was nice.  Furnished and decorated to good standard with an adequate supply of tea coffee and biscuits. The bathroom was a bit small, but it is Central London.  It was spotlessly clean and generally good. The bar was OK.  It is open plan on the ground floor and was fairly quiet whenever I passed.  I noticed a statement at the bottom of the bar menu to the effect that we add 10% onto everything.  A pint of Stella is advertised at £4.80 but in reality it will be £5.28.  Why don’t they just show what they want you to pay?  I feel that this practice is bit “Ryanair” for…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"We booked for our bday weekend and what a great sucess it was we checked in mid anoon and were upgraded to a executive room,which was great.We were also offered the Executive lounge which offered complimentry drinks <anything you wanted>plus light snacks again all comp.There was a lovely atmosphere in the lounge and busy.We both thoughly enjoyed the evening,we retired to our room on the 6th floor for a good nights rest .We went down to bfast which offered a good choice of hot and cold items and the cooked bfast was nice and hot.Well done hilton Kensington we will be back.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired and in need of air freshener!,"I stayed at this hotel for a weekend with my girlfriend. The hotel itself is just a short 100m walk from the Tube at Shepherds Bush and only 150m from Westfield shopping centre with its attached restaurants. The location isn't bad but I would hardly call it Kensington (despite it being in the Royal Borough).  The hotel has a large reception with many staff and I was greeted on arrival and checked in swiftly. The room they offered me was on the 2nd floor and at the front. I was a little concerned with the potential noise level from the road but it seems to be well protected with triple glazing. The room itself was a good size but the decor was very tired, it was clearly in need of an additional coat of paint. It and the bathroom were clean, but you could see why it was £80 a…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"The Hilton London Kensington is in easy walking distance of Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush, and the Westfield shopping centre is pretty much across the road, the location is second to none. And the hotel itself? Perfect. Faultless, even. It lives up to the Hilton reputation, very tidy and clean rooms and the public areas of the hotel are perfectly maintained, the staff are very very helpful and will happily give you directions if you want to find out the best way to get to different London attractions. The view from the hotel room consisted of the Westfield and some redbrick buildings, which was fine by me: the hotel really is in a perfect, central location.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"Good clean hotel, but probably needs some updating in the rooms.  Not the best of the Hilton group that we have used. The foyer is very new and modern and the staff very pleasant Convenient if you are visitng the Notting Hill area of London",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below average Hilton,"I'd say this is below average for Hilton, i have now stayed here a few times and i have yet to connect with the place. Some issues:  1. Double bed was 2 single beds with 2 single bed sheets - just isn't nice 2. Television had a small selection of channels and a poor quality picture 3. WIFI was not fast or consistent 4. I was asked if i wanted tea at breakfast, i said yes, and the tea never arrived  The staff and bar were both good.  Im not overly picky, as other reviews on here will show, but I feel they need to up their game at this particular Hilton, particularly with the bed.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
3629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Excellent service throughout our stay. For example, we arrived before check in was due fully expecting just to drop off our bags with the concierge, but we were given free drinks in the hotel bar whilst we waited a short time for our room to be made up.   The hotel is clean and whilst the room was relatively small, taking everything into consideration it is excellent value. Our only slight niggle is that the room was a little warm.   With regards location, the hotel is a stone throw away from the Westfield Centre and the tube, with regular bus services which stop outside the hotel.   We would certainly stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton at decent rate for London,"I had an excellent experience at The Hilton Kensington - I was perfectly happy and would recommend the place with no hesitation: - I like the location, this is a good neighborhood - The rooms are modern, clean and nice - They offer free computer, printing and scanning - The executive room is a very nice area when you can relax, read, enjoy coffee, tea and snacks - Staff was consistently friendly and very helpful",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff and great room,"My partner and I stayed here as part of a football game and room package. Could not fault the hotel or staff at all. When we checked in the two gentleman at reception were friendly and jovial, even having a bit of football banter with me about the game I was seeing. I was tempted to knock them down a star as the guy at reception is a Man U fan... :-)  In hindsight, the staff were probably the nicest people we came across during our short stay this time in London.. The staff answered all our questions and gave us info on the best way to get to different location in London. The room was great...tidy and warm. Breakfast the next day was pleasant. Will definitely stay again when I am in London...Thanks guys!!",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent....what else can I say?,"As expected this Hilton Hotel was fantastic. Check-in was easy enough, the room was clean, and the evening food was excellent. There was plenty of choice at breakfast and the staff where very friendly and helpful. The hotel is suited 5 minutes (walk) from Shepard's Bush tube station and is perfectly located for my business trip and would even suit tourists. ",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay after a hard day,"I stay in hilton a lot. I always try and be balanced and bring to life the real things that make a good stay or not. This was one of the great ones. From the moment arrived the receptionist who was a trainee was great - yes she was new but she was happy, smiling and made me feel very welcome. She needed some assistance with the checkin but someone was on hand. The room was functional and quiet. Room service was really nice - odd for many London central hotels, the guy who took my order from the room was a star - sometimes it's just the way you do things. The hotel is a good standard and is run well.  I would defiantly stay here again. All I needed was quiet room, easy system and nice welcome.   Thanks for a great stay.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent !!!,"If you find an offer do not hesitate and book this hotel with confidence... If you hane money, book it anyway... Excellent service, logical prices in the bar, fantastic breakfast, spacious common areas to stay and breath, not the common shrink UK hotels interiors... Generally a joy to stay... ",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice and handy,"Stayed 3 nights in January - very clean and tidy, didn't have any meals at the hotel but there are plenty of places to eat nearby that are not very expensive.  Good location, friendly staff, comfortable beds and fairly quiet.  Did get a good deal from expedia so was value for money.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff make this hotel top draw,The Hilton chain is well known and this hotel lives up to the expectation set by the name. It is close to Shepherds Bush tube so is very convenient. The room we had was a high standard if a little small. Bathroom was clean and well equipped. The breakfast was very good and food replaced as it ran out. Overall a very nice stay. ,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A truly professional hotel experience,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington Jan 20th to Jan 26th 2013, the coldest week of the winter, -2 to -6 was common. I was on business and as an Australian I wasn't used to the cold so I cocooned with an occasional venture outside for a meeting. All of the staff were excellent and friendly and their professional hospitality service superb.   I would especilly like to thank the following restaurant, cafe and bar staff, Ercan Koc, Sotiris, Marcello and Eva. Thank you for making my stay so comfortable and for accomodating all of my needs in such a courteous and friendly manner. And another thank you to the chef, the fish of the day at dinner each night was stupendous, especially the plaice.  As usual in London my room (7086) was on the small side but it was comfortable, clean, well…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"Stayed here over Christmas and New Year. The hotel provided a Christmas lunch and New Year dinner which was good and the staff excellent. We are HHonors members and we were given the smallest of rooms. Thankfully we were moved to a bigger room after complaining. Rooms are small. The bar downstairs was slow, and we had to wait over an hour for a meal. The staff said the fault lies with the kitchen who are slow! Lack of English with the staff was a problem, at reception we kept repeating ourselves and on checkout we were overcharged and had to battle to get it right.  When the concierge is not there the porters take over, 3 times we were given wrong directions and ended up on wrong buses. Location is good for the tube,buses and Westfield shopping centre.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Westfield Shopping Centre,"Nice hotel ideal location for shopping although room rates are expensive as room could do with upgrading, fixtures and fittings are looking a little tired. Had a fairly long wait to get a table at on the second morning was however offered juice while I waited. Breakfast choices are excellent unfortunately coffee was lukewarm.  Bottle of water in the room was priced at £3.50 which is outrageous for the price paid they should offer be a complimentary bottle.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice stay, but with some disappointments","I had a nice stay at Hilton Kensington this weekend in january-2013. The executive lounge staff was tremendous and helpful as usual. Big credit to them for exceptional service!  I had booked an executive room as a HHonors member. To my surprise i wasn't offered any upgrade when I asked. I asked for an upgrade, but it was little willingness for an upgrade to a larger room/junior suite. I also asked to eat breakfast in the restaurant instead of the lounge, but was declined and told that I could pay for that if I wanted. A bit rude and disappointing as I have stayed here on several occasions with my family earlier. They were reluctant. I wasnt even offered a newspaper on the door..  I must say that the stay was overall good, but I cant help feel a little bit of disappointment.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location. But expensive,Good location within walking distance to the massive Westfield shopping complex and shepherds bush tube station.  Beds in room a bit worn. Excellent breakfast. A bit pricey at £159 a night. But it's London. Init. ,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clarification on an earlier review,"A few months ago, I posted that this hotel does not award Hilton Hhonors points. The management posted a response informing me that my statement was incorrect. There was a system issue with my points, but it was eventually straightened out. You will not find my original review because Trip Advisor will not allow me to edit it or post an update, so I had them just delete it.  I do like the idea that the managment posts responses to reviews here.   In reading some of the other reviews, I am surprised that some customers encounter rude staff. Everyone was very helpful at this hotel and pleasant. I remember the hostess at breakfast even remembered my name after the second day. Overall, you won't go wrong staying at this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Delightful stay and very helpful staff,"The Hilton Kensington is neatly situated just a few minutes walk from the Westfield Shopping Center and the BBC in Shepherd´s Bush. When we arrived I had some minor issues, but as  a gold member I eventually got an upgrade to the executive lounge and a complimentary breakfast.   Our room was good sized and standard Hilton. Also got a complimentary red wine and newspaper. The breakfast was buffet style and had everything we could wish for. There was even a chef who prepared your choice of omelette.   Good value for money as Hilton had a 40% off campaign and a great stay.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very good value, great location for shopping",Very good location concerning indoor shopping in  Westfield. Just few min walk of shopping wonderland. Perfect for me at least.   Room was clean and perfect size.  Executive lounge was nice and good service.  Excellent for 1 day shopping trip.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money in central london.,Stayed at this hotel 12th and 13th January. We booked an excecutive room which gave us access to the excecutive lounge. The lounge was very nice and served free afternoon tea and drinks and snacks from 6 till 8 pm. The staff could not do enough for you. Thev vroom was modern and warm with tea coffee etc supplied. Would definately stay here again on my next visit to London.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for the London area,"The hotel is quite imposing, althogh a little dated. Reception, bars and other communal facilities are quite well appointed and the staff was found to be friendly and helpful. We stayed in one of the most basic rooms  and as we were only using this as a base, it was more than adequate. The room was a little shabby and well-worn in places, but for the price of £83 for a double room including breakfast, it's hard to find better value in this part of London. The breakfast is buffet-style, but there is almost every concievable choice, from ""full english"" to Croissants and cereals.   Once again, good value for the area and would stay again.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely fantastic!,We were very happy with our experience at the Hilton. The General Manager made a big effort to make our stay special as they knew it was my birthday and we upgraded to an executive room . There was also a birthday cake waiting for us which was a really nice touch.   We had to wait a few minutes to check in but it was pretty quick once we got to the counter. He was very effeicent but we were not offered a newspaper or a wake up call.   The room was a decent size (for a London hotel) and I was honestly surprised by the size after reading some reviews. The only thing I would say is the bathroom was on the small size. We did have a bathtub and even though it was narrow it was incredibly deep!   The public areas off the hotel were clean and tidy. It was decorated tastefully as well.…,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location; but I wouldn't call this a 4 star!,"I stayed for 3 nights at the beginning of January for a weekend away in London. It was in a pretty good location, but nothing spectacular about the hotel. The lobby of the hotel looks a lot better than the rooms.  Our room was an adequate size and the bed comfortable; but the bathroom was a little tired and the shower not very powerful.   The room got very hot at night; so I was often faffing about with the air conditioning..which I didnt think worked very well and was noisy. To cool the room down I had to open the window in the end...which of course meant noise from the busy traffic outside.  Overall...the hotel is okay as a base; but I probably won't stay here again. I would have been annoyed if I paid full price; luckily I managed to get the rooms on a discount.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cabin room.,"To put it politely, the room I got this visit wasn't much bigger than the cleaners cupboard, and if I'd have tripped at the bedroom door, I would have banged my head on the window (portal) wall.. That said it was clean and tidy and for one night, it wasn't worth the complaint. 129 English pounds got me the hilton experience for a night.. but for £129 I could have stayed round the corner for a week with a bigger room, just  a longer walk to the office...   I'll head back there again and again, but this time if I am handed a room card with 1030 on it, I will be throwing my toys out of the pram.. which is ironic because the room space was about as big as a pram.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Beware of the concierge!,"I was recently staying in this hotel to attend a business meeting and when attempting to leave was accosted by the doorman who insisted that he could get me a cab back to Heathrow airport far cheaper than the London Taxis sat outside.  I enquired how much and was told £95, I then went outside and asked one of the drivers of theTaxis sat outside how much he would charge, he replied on the meter about £50-60!!! What a huge difference!  I returned inside to ask for an explanation from the doorman but as he saw me return he took off like a shot! Not having the time to wait around I used the Taxi outside and it came to £53.80.  Heed this as a warning should you be approached by the doorman regarding taxi's.  It did make me wonder what else that they overcharge on.........",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
3651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, Good Location, Poor Service",We regularly visit Central London and regularly use Hilton Hotels but I doubt very much we'll rush back here. There were a few good points but overall not quite the Hilton standard weve come to expect.  The hotel itself is very plush and modern inside and the rooms are very clean and more spacious than you'd expect. The location is excellent as only 4-5 minutes from Shepherds Bush Station and the excellent Westfield Shopping Centre with its nice bars and restaurants. Unfortunately first impressions count and our views were tainted by an issue getting checked in and a frosty reception from staff.  We turned up after a days travelling at 7pm to find our room wasn't ready despite a 3pm check in. The reception staff weren't hugely attentive and seemed quite dismissive initially and…,Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well positioned for London sightseeing,"Got a good two night stay rate for a Friday and Saturday night which included full breakfast. The rooms are very reasonable with nice en-suite, mini bar and TV. Breakfast was typical buffet and the bacon on the first morning was not good. It had been standing for quite a while and as a result was cold and hard. Breakfast the second morning was much better. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Shepherds Bush Underground, Overground and Buses, with sightseeing buses stopping outside. We used the Tube and to get in and out of the City and never had to wait more than a couiple of minutes in either direction. The off peak travel card is valid after peak time in the morning and during peak time in the evening, which is good. Our room was on the front of the Hotel, overlooking a small…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Base for London Break,"We used Trivago to look for hotels for a two night break in London on the weekend of 11th and 12th January 2013.  We then booked through Booking.com.  The hotel is located a five minute walk from Shepherd's Bush tube station.  It is bright and clean and we were allocated a very nice room at the front of the hotel overlooking a small park, on the 5th floor.  The room was very clean with a very clean en-suite bath and shower room.  Tea and coffee facilities were provided along with toiletries (although we had to ask for bath foam the second day).  The breakfast was typical of Hiltons with lots of choice and was served between 6.30 a.m. and 11.30 a.m.  The room was quite noisy on Saturday night with traffic noise and police sirens - but it is  in the middle of London.  The only…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"The hotel was a nice 4*.  The girl at reception upon arrival and the man upon departure were both very friendly and helpful.  The man on reception early in the morning was not so much and I found him a little rude.  The concierge was very helpful and efficient.    The room was nice and the bed large; however, the springs were a little creaky and the airconditioning was fairly noisy.  Everything was clean and nicely presented.   Great location for shopping - located 2 minutes walk from Westfield shopping centre and from Shepherd's Bush station on the central line, meaning very easy access to Oxford Street and the west end. I would stay here again for a shopping weekend.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrific Stay,My son was moving to Birmingham as an exchange student. We stayed here for touring London. the staff were extremely polite and very helpful. Our room was clean and well appointed. Bus stop just across the street. Walking distance to Knottinghill. Reception and bellman fabulous! Had a great stay,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Look out for the ""added extras""","Fairly luxurious appointments but very bland service and small rooms, with terrible lack of water pressure totally unexpected in a 4-star hotel.  I got a strong impression that the staff were far too busy making money for the owners to pay any attention to my needs - but at least you don't have to wake them up (as you do in Europe!).  Biggest ""pay + + +"" was the internet - plenty of PCs available and no wonder, they must make as much money for the hotel as poker machines!  Couldn't fault the buffet breakfast, but GBP12 isn't cheap so it should be good!  V.expensive bar, but good service.  Close to Shepherds Bush station but you'll usually save at least one underground train change by walking east to Holland Park stn instead if you're heading towards the city centre and tourist…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It can feel like you're being 'processed',"Nothing wrong with the hotel and, following a small disagreement with the receptionist about what was/wasn't included in my rate (there was an error on their system, but I had to force the point), I was checked in.  However, it just feels like one of those places where people continually rotate (probably very good for a hotel's P&L), a bit like an airport terminal, and I think that's what I dislike about it.  Otherwise, location is ok, rooms are ok, food was good (room service on the pricier side) and breakfast was very good.   I've stayed here more than once, but only based on price as opposed to choice.  Don't rule it out, but consider others if within budget.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Holiday!,"After visiting family in Glasgow this holiday season, my husband and I stayed in London for a few days to do some sightseeing.  After looking around at a number of hotels, making reservations, then cancelling them, we selected the Hilton London Kensington.    The price was great for the season, about $120.00 dollars a night and with my Hilton Honors, we were able to get a room upgrade to a king size bed, free internet and access to the executive lounge for free breakfast, tea and evening drinks.  The staff also left a bottle of wine in our room each evening.  This was a great touch as we had come over to celebrate our recent marriage, having a Ceilidh in Glasgow just a few nights before.  Another huge plus is that Hilton London Kensington is just across the street from…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location. Average experience,"Very convenient for Shepherd's Bush tube station and Westfield shopping complex.  Typical anonymous hotel.  Check-in pretty appalling with receptionist unable to offer suggestions for the problem encountered and pretty unhelpful and unfriendly on the whole.   Room was fine - small but clean.  Bed comfortable.  Bathroom small but water reasonably hot.  Mini bar well-stocked but, as always, very expensive - and, be warned, if you pick up an item you pay for it.   Surprised that no free wifi in guest rooms - you have to pick up connection in the lobby.   Staff (other than initial receptionist) were friendly enough.   Initial experience of booking in probably coloured this experience.  As far as hotels go,it was fine.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Fantastic hotel located in Kensington London. 5 mins walk from Holland Park Underground. We arrived at the hotel at about 4pm and checked in quickly. As this was the first Hilton we had stayed at we were asked if we wanted to become loyalty club members which we agreed to. This had good benefits including a paper delivered to the room each morning. The staff were fantastic - very friendly and helpful. The receptionist who checked us in was a trainee but she was excellent. We walked into Oxford Circus one day from the hotel walking through Kensington Park and onto Hyde Park. There are a number of shops en route where you can pick up some breakfast. You can also get the 94 bus into Piccadilly Circus from directly outside the hotel! Overall I couldn't recommend this hotel more!…,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"My partner and I stayed here for a couple of days between Xmas and New Year.  Our room was 1093 on the first floor.  The hotels is perfect located.  Only a 4 min walk to Sheperds Bush Station and a 6 to 7 minute walk from Holland Park Station.  If you're not familiar with London/the area, it's much easier to find from Holland Park Station than Shepards Bush (you just walk straight down the road).  The Westfield's shopping centre is only a short walk away, which has millions of great shops and surprisingly good restaurants (not only basic chain ones).  We tried the lunch menu in the cafe there and the food was good and the service was also very good.  We didn't bother with the breakfast (approx £17) as there is Giraffe restaurant and 2 cafes which all provide breakfast   at very…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value,We stayed for two nights in this hotel and can confirm that the service and staff attitudes were excellent. We brought our three grandchildren into the hotel with push chairs etc...they made us welcome and were very good with the young children. I thank them for their patience.,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cozy and Convenient,"Outstanding team of professionals made my two week stay in November/December very pleasant.  I am especially grateful to Rashid, the concierge.  I was back and forth to Zambia -- dealing with extra luggage (summer and winter clothing), package deliveries, and complicarted car schedules.  He was fantastic and took care of everything -- including me and several cases of jet lag!  I had many requests for Rashid during my two weeks of back and forth -- he provided outstanding service every time.  The servers in the concierge lounge are now like family -- love them.  Front desk -- efficient and kind.  I was on business and this hotel was in a convenient area for all I needed to accomplish.  This is an older hotel - so I was concerned -- didn't need to be.  The rooms are cozy (small…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"great location only max 10minutes from liverpool street station on the tube, on the down side the rooms are a little small but in all a nice hotel great breakfast.......................................................",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,We stayed here for 1 night on 31/12/12 for New Years the room was clean and tidy and the queen bed was lush  We arrived in the hotel a few mins early but was told the room wasn't ready for 30-60 minutes or we could have a room with a smaller bed and a shower straight away we said we'd wait and while we was doing so we got a complimentary free drink. Overall good hotel that I'd recommend,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay over New Years,Good location close to westfields shopping mall and shepherds bush tube station ...central line. All the staff at this hotel were very friendly and helpful.......this is a big plus for such a busy hotel. Even the Indian man who operates the small shop could not be more helpful. Breakfast new years day perfect and I noticed breakfast being served way after normal closing time. The only negative was our small double room 4080......shower door has a build up of limescale which I believe could be removed by bleach and elbow grease. Our family were in twin rooms and even though I did not view these rooms they were happy. It was good to find this accommodation for two nights over the new year.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for three nights last week. It was my husbands 40th birthdaytrip and I contacted the hotel in advance asking if it would be possible to get a bottle of sparkling wine to our room. We got more than that, complimentary upgrade to executive room. On my husbands birthday we got a bottle of shampagne and a small cake to our room. We were very happy to get this excellent service. The only complaints i'm giving was the service at breakfast, when it was quiet the service was very good but when it was the busiest time of breakfast, nobody noticed us and we even had to ask for coffee twice. Luckily it wasn't the birthdaymorning. Alltogether, excellent stay and the hotel really did make our stay the best I could hope for!",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Bit reticent, no need to be.","Have to say I was a bit concerned having read a few iffy reviews. Absolutely no need to be at all. The lobby/restaurants/bars were modern and funky, and the reception/check in very friendly and efficient. Yes, the room was a bit on the small side but come on - this is central London!!   It was perfectly clean and comfortable, lovely view over the crescent, with complimentary tea/coffee and  red wine (which was very nice too - not cheap paint stripper). Toiletries were nice quality, fluffy robes and slippers provided. Breakfast was fab, and the location suited us fine to get out and about. No complaints at all and considering it was a few days before Christmas, the price for a twin was reasonable.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Uncomfortable bed,"Stayed at the Hilton Kensington last night for one night. It was a reasonable hotel, clean with polite and efficient staff. Unfortunately both myself and my husband found that the bed was one of the most uncomfortable we have ever slept in. I can usually sleep anywhere, but the bed was so hard, it was like lying on a plank of wood. Also, for those who do not know London, this hotel is not in Kensington, it's in Shepherd's Bush.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff,"Having stayed in many hotels recently in the UK and abroad I was pleasantly surprised to find such first rate service in Central London. The restaurant staff deserve special mention, particularly Ivan who was wonderful with my children (and parents - who can be even harder to please!). All in all a pleasant 5 day stay.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average place but expensive. Unprofessional staff.,The place is basically fine. Nothing fancy and good location. Rooms are clean and fine. Food quality is pretty basic and I wouldn't recommend. Overall is rather expensive: you are paying the location and the brand. What is unacceptable is staff manners: borderline rude. One even shouted at me in the restaurant at dinner. And he looked like the person in charge!. Every time you ask for something you are treated like a nuisance rather than a paying customer. I left the day after.,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, handy for the BBC and Westfields","We stayed just one night on the 22/12/12 Check in was very quick and i had emailed prior to arriving to ask about a early check in, and got a reply saying it depended to availability, we arrived before 11am and we were given a room straight away!  A twin deluxe on the 2nd floor, rooms are not that big but had everything needed, including, robe and slippers, complimentary wine and water. The room was very clean, we recieved a phone call from reception 5 mins after we checked in, just to check all was ok with the room. We found the beds to be extremely comfortable and although on the road, the noise was hardly noticeable  It was just a few mins walk to Shepards bush tube station, so handy for using as a base and travelling around the city, if you want to see the sights! I",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,On the central line but not central,"The nearest tube station for the Kensington Hilton is Shepherds Bush and it is next to the Westfield shopping centre with a range of restaurants, cinema etc but a few stops away on the central line so if you are looking for a more central location this may not be the hotel for you.  It is a large hotel probably from the 1970s but has been refurbished a few times, the rooms are ok and the main reception areas are large and spacious.   Reception can be a bit chaotic and the hotel is frequently used by aircrews from various airlines so you can find yourself waiting for a while to check in.  The executive lounge is quite large but the food is poor in comparison with some of the other Hilton executive lounges in London.  I did find on my most recent stay that the mains water stopped…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reliable,"I stayed here on my own for two nights whilst visiting the Olympia Horse Show. I felt safe and welcome. Reception was efficient . My room was ready although I arrived a little before 3pm. It was not a large room but had everything I needed . I use this hotel fairly regularly as it is close to Shepherds Bush where my daughter lives and I know what to expect. I do think that it is very expensive. In addition to paying handsomely for bed and an excellent and varied breakfast, I had to pay for £15 for a day's Internet use and £4 for a bottle of mineral water-generally any excuse to charge. However the room was clean,the staff very pleasant and helpful, the food good and for me the location was excellent.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We were looked after to the highest standard,"Booked a room here for one night to combine our anniversary with some Christmas shopping.  We received a complimentary upgrade to a club room, cakes and fizz in the room, a beautifully-done dessert platter with 'happy anniversary' piped in chocolate sauce, and warm wishes from every one we encountered.  Nothing was too much trouble.  I only wish the room had been a little bigger as it felt a little claustrophobic.  I'm only 5ft 4 and couldn't bend down to place the bath mat without banging my bottom on the sink.  6ft 1 hubby had no head room at all in the shower!",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A lovely hotel,"I stayed at this hotel for two nights in December with my boyfriend for his birthday.  I found the hotel staff to be extremely polite and courteous and they could not have done more to make our stay special.  I mentioned to the hotel that it was my boyfriend's birthday beforehand, and not only did we get a bigger room, but we also got a complimentary bottle of wine and birthday cake which was so thoughtful and much appreciated.  The hotel is in a brilliant location, with Shephards Bush and Holland Park tube stations both about a five minute walk away.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely overnight stay.,I was surprised by my gorgeous boyfriend for a night here one wknd and was pressed with every aspect of the hotel. Even the lobby was lovely!   Hospitality was faultless. Room( executive) was lovely though perhaps slightly in the small side! Though we are only small ourselves I guess:)   The breakfast was yummy! Huge range and I think we sampled it all;)   Would love to stay again!! ,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!!,"We have just came back from staying here again, and must say this time was fantastic, the staff are all lovely and made us feel so welcome, the room was nice yes some stuff was shabby but at the end of the day we only used it to sleep, we also ate a meal here again staff was lovely and couldn't so enough, the bar is still rather pricey with a 10% service charge even if you go to the bar your self and get your drinks (rip off)! Excellent location will be going back thank you!!",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Go for it if you have a good deal,"I booked through lastminute.com for £90 a night.  The hotel is clean, modern and the staff are friendly.  I wouldn't say the rooms were up to a 4* standard and look a bit stark almost clinical with a really small TV.  I didn't opt for the breakfast as it was way over priced and there is a wetherspoons only a five minute walk away if you want a cooked breakfast.  I would stay here again but only if I had a similar deal, I would never pay over £100 for the hotel as I don't think it is up to the 4* rating.  The location is good being on the central line and you can either walk to Holland Park or Shepherd's bush with the latter being slightly closer.  We were able to walk to Hyde park in about 20/30 minutes which was really pleasant.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Theatre Weekend,"The Kensington is a great place to combine shopping with a theatre visit.This Hilton has been upgraded with refurbished rooms, restaurant and bar. The staff are very helpful and friendly. I stay in a lot of hotels and I know which Hiltons to avoid, but this is not one of them.As a Gold Hhonors member you get access to the Exec. Lounge where you can meet follow travellers from around the world over free drinks and food.Or pay a bit extra for an Exec Room and get Lounge access free. The Westfield Mall is across the road and so is the Central line underground which takes you to theatre land. We will be back in February 13",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not really in Kensington,"I booked here because I was going to the Royal Albert Hall but beware it is not near there at all and in fact you have to change on the tube. Having said that it was easy to get to, very clean and comfortable with an amazing breakfast buffet. What let it down for me was the temperature. My room was way too hot and playing with the thermostat didn' t change anything. Added to the bed which had one of those mattress toppers on I hardly slept at all I was so hot. If I was staying for another night I would have asked the hotel to take the topper off at the very least. A pity because otherwise a really good  hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Large, but friendly.","Shabby on the outside, but nothing wrong inside, rooms are very hot, but that seems normal for hotels this age, glad we could open thevwindowbin December though! Staff were all very friendly and very helpful, especially at breakfast when we had a toddler with us, a high chair was quickly fetched and someone even found him a balloon to play with whilst we enjoyed our excellent, and at 12 pounds, good value breakfast. Use Shepards Bush tube station though, closer than Holland park.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable chain experience,"Booked on Expedia for 79 pounds, a screaming deal for a four star hotel in this location, so the tiny room didn't worry me...it was clean and in very nice condition, with a comfortable bed and a great shower (no bathtub).  Dined in the lobby restaurant; expensive, but the food was fine.  I found the service friendly and efficient.  I could have done without the 15 pound fee for internet access but hey, at this price you can't go wrong.  Had I paid the ""normal"" room charge of 200 pounds I'd have dropped the rating by at least one level.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for a night,"Stayed here for one night on a girlie shopping spree to Westfield.  Staff were very friendly and service was excellent.   Loads to choose from at breakfast and although busy we were seated very quickly.   Bar staff were very attentive and even remembered our room number and names when we came back for a night cap... or two!  But yes the beds are not at all comfortable and rooms could do with a face lift.  On the whole, the hotel served our purpose extremely well, and if another girlie shopping spree is planned then we will be returning!",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a complete makeover (including certain members of the staff),"I have stayed at this hotel now on three occasions and it doesn’t improve. The rooms are clean but a bit run down and if you are not on business or a Diamond Club member you tend to be side-lined and in the case of one of the restaurant reception staff, who I would vote as the rudest hotel worker I have ever come across, completely ignored. The front desk staff were the usual Hilton friendly and efficient group but the Hotel is not up to the usual Hilton standard and I will not be returning",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
3686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value pleasant hotel,"It has taken me a while to write this review, but I think the hotel warrants it.  I hadnt been to London for years but had previously spent a lot of time there and was well aware of the questionable size and standard of medium priced hotels in London.  The Hilton delivered exactly what we wanted, clean good sized rooms, well placed with Holland Park or Shephards Bush tube not far away. We stayed for 4 nights and overall we were very happy.  A special note to the staff and hotel management, we arrived very early ( 7am ) straight off a 24 hour flight but our rooms were ready and there was no mention of a further charge....I will definitely be staying here again, and I look forward to it.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a short stay,"The name is a little misleading as this hotel is only just in kensington, with the closest tube station being shepherds bush, but it does make it good for a shopping trip to westfield,! rooms are well presented if compact with very comfortable beds, fine for a single person but i would imagine a little cramped for a couple and the wardrobe was tiny with no storage space for luggage, staff very professional and service was good. 24 hour gym which was appreciated!!",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
3688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Previously exceptional,"I have stayed at the Hilton at Kensington a few times and usually stay in the guest rooms as I have found them to be comfortable enough, however I am now worried about the recent reviews of beds. I am travelling to London on 15th December to visit a friend in Chelsea and I don't really want to upgrade so I will just see what happens. Be a shame as I like to stay in the same places when I travel away from Chichester because it's like a home comfort. If anyone could give me more information on this, I would be greatful? My last stay was about 1 year ago, what has changed from the perfection I have seen previously? Kirsti",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Intriguing location and courteous staff,"Upon exiting the hotel a few blocks to left is the gigantic, ultramodern Westfield shopping center, an attraction in itself; whereas, turning to the  right and walking a few blocks you are in the quaint neighborhoods of Holland Park and Notting Hill, with plenty of restaurants and little shops. My wife and I had decided to eat Indian food every evening at a different restaurant. We started with the Royal Tandoori across the street from the hotel. My wife loved the pink saffron rice, tandori chicken and samosas. We returned there a second time after eating in other Indian restaurants. We thought that Malabar a 15 minute walk from the hotel was quite interesting Indian restaurant. The Shepards Bush underground station is only a two minute walk from the hotel, but you will have to…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great in many was, but the beds are too hard!","This hotel has been there for ages. The staff know what they are doing. The concierges, reception staff and breakfast staff are all professional and efficient. I need to mention concierge George. He fixed our problem with wrong type of room really quickly.  The location is gret, buses and tubes nearby and Westfield. But unfortunately, three days in the hard Hilton bed makes you feel really stiff. I am not sure I will be back:-( That is a shame because all the rest was great.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington in October 2012 for both business and pleasure. This was my first trip to London and the Hilton helped make it successful.  The first room I received was quite small...even for London standards. I explained that I was staying a full week and would appreciate a larger room. Nothing was available until the next day. They arranged to have my luggage moved to the new room and all was easily settled and done. I appreciated the easy and pleasant accommodation to my request.  My reservation included daily breakfast at their buffet. It was a full breakfast including many hot items, American and British, lots of pastries, fruit, yogurt, cereal, juice, coffee and tea. It was a pleasant way to start the day with my colleagues and then on my own. I…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,wonderful stay to celebrate my 30th birthday!,"I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to my family and friends. We were upgraded to an Executive Room after informing the hotel it was my 30th birthday weekend and after finding the hotel VERY easily, we checked in and found a birthday cake and prosecco in the room. Room was clean, big enough for our 2 night stay and immaculate bathroom and robes and slippers. Breakfast, again, fantastic, staff wonderful....what else can be said? Oh! The Executive Lounge is a relaxing haven after a busy day walking around London!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely conveniently located hotel,"We stayed in an executive room which was very nice with robes and slippers, mini bar and access to the executive lounge. The actual bedroom was small but I guess this is usual for central London, it was nicely furnished and very clean. The exec lounge provided refreshments and snacks which where lovely and the breakfast in the hotel was very nice. I would recommend this hotel ",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A very good conference hotel,"I attended the hotel on Saturday 24 November 2012 as a day delegate for a business meeting for about 50 delegates, and was impressed with the facilities, catering and staff. The room was well lit and at a comfortable temperature, although, like many conference rooms, it had no windows. The water on each table was replenished efficiently, and there was also a large tray of fruit for delegates. In the mid morning break a range of tasty cakes. pastries etc were available just outside the conference room.   The sit down buffet lunch was excellent, with a range of hot dishes and salads, and sweets.  I lost 50p in a pay telephone in the lobby; on enquiring at Reception i was promptly offered the use of a hotel telephone to make whatever call I required.....the receptionist had a…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK hotell in a nice neighborhood,"Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. The rooms are small but very clean and comfortable. Good service and helpfull staff. Close to the tube, Holland Park and a big shopping mall. We didn´t ate breakfast at the hotel. But it looks very nice. One day we walked up to Hyde Park and I can recommend that. Fantastic park with a lot of things to do. I love London and the Kensington area.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable and great service,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 4 days on business.  The accommodations were very clean and comfortable and the service was excellent. The bathroom was pretty small but I'm sure it is pretty common for UK hotels.  The breakfast was really very good with a great selection.  We also ate a light snack at the small bar in the evening which had great atmosphere.  There was great shopping and restaurants at Westfields, within walking distance.  I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Woeful,"Having had such a positive experience at the Tower Bridge Hilton we had high hopes. The hotel looks plain from the outside but is in a lovely area of London and a pleasant 10 mins stroll from the tube. We left our bags as our room was not ready and went off into London for the day. We returned at gone 6pm and were given our keys for an upgraded (at cost of £30) room. Disappointingly there was a huge stain on the carpet and a tempremental toilet flush but as we were only getting our heads down we decided not to make a fuss. The restaurant service was slow and the cost of the meals huge - £15 for a pie and additional cost if god forbid you wantes potato and veg. We spent our time in the executive lounge and paid £15 each for a burger which at least had ""free"" accompaniments.  On…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
3698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Always a winner,"We have stayed in this hotel on numerous occasions and we are never disappointed. The staff are excellent, welcoming guests with warmth and a real willingness to please. It is a large city hotel, yet the staff make guests feel cared for as individuals, responding readily to any requests. The breakfasts are particularly good, and the service is excellent. Good supervision of staff ensures that everyone is seated and served swiftly and efficiently. Bedrooms are well kept and the beds are very comfortable. Reception staff will do their best to allocate rooms to meet specific requests. We have not used the restaurant in the evening, but the bar menu provides a good variety of dishes. The location of this hotel is very convenient for Notting Hill, Kensington High Street and of course…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,"The staff greeted you with a smile and were efficient and friendly, always a good thing!  Room was small, but we only slept there.  It had all the necessary little touches and the bed was very comfortable and there was no noise, so we slept very well.  Breakfast was a very good variety of hot and cold and the staff were good at ensuring guests were satisfied.  Hotel is very well situated near to underground and overground public transport.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love this Hotel,"I've stayed at this hotel alot over the last few years and have to say it's my favourite in London. The staff are very friendly and helpful particularly the Concierge. A call from reception enquiring if we were happy with our room upon arrival was a nice added touch - very family friendly. Our room and bathroom were spotless, with tea/coffee making facilities. The food is excellent and not overly expensive compared to other London hotels. Buffet breakfast well worth the money. It's an ideal location for a leisure visit to the city. Holland Park tube station is a 3 minute walk from the hotel. An 8 minute tube ride from here will bring you to Marble Arch/Oxford Street. Notting Hill and Kensington High Street are short walks away and of course there is the amazing Westfield…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent London Hotel,"I stayed at the hotel for four nights. First thing on entering the Hotel is the warmth and friendliness of the staff, a trend that continued throughout my stay. The staff were first class, professional and amenable. A bonus and unexpected  event was I was able to check in at 1100 hrs.    Previous reviews have commented on the size of the rooms. I had booked an Executive Room which is the same size as the standard room. It was very comfortable and the bed was terrific. The room was large by London standards and perfectly adequate compared to some of the cupboards I have been given in London in the past. So I can't really understand why others comment on this which is a non issue as far as I am concerned. One slight problem on noise. I was awoken one morning by traffic noise as my…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another fantastic stay,"I would like to say a massive thank you to all the staff at this Hotel. I booked a one night stay here on 4th November with my best friend for her 50th birthday and was not disappointed. Every member of staff from the moment we arrived were fantastic. All of them were cheerful and chatty and always happy to deal with any query. They went out of their way to make my friends birthday special. A complimentary bottle of bubbly and nibbles had been set up in the room when we arrived back from the sauna and steam room, which definitely got our evening off to a rocking start. We decided to book in to the Hotel restaurant for dinner, as if you book via reception you can get 3 courses for £19(well worth it) The food was exceptional and cooked to perfection. The restaurant staff were…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small room with mixed feelings,"I start my review with the positive experiences:  Breakfast was excellent: Radisson or Thistle breakfasts are not comparable to Hilton! Very nice and helpful staff, I always appreciate positive attitude and smile Nice modern decor in rooms. Problem areas: Small rooms are normal in London, but here next to the small room you get the tiniest bathroom that is possible. No bathtub, only a shower cabin, which is not just small, but also short in height. The ceiling was low around my floor (2nd), but what really bothered me that I had to held my head slightly down in the shower cabin as I could not fit into it. OK, I am taller than average (194 cm), but this is absurd. Additionally the exit signs on the corridor hang even lower, around 185cm. Internet: £15 rip off per day",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!,"My husband and I were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary.  When we checked into the hotel, we mentioned this to Anne at the reception desk who gave us a room upgrade and complimentary dinner in the hotel.  The dinner was wonderful.  We also received a bottle of  champagne and tuffles in our room!  The staff here have been very polite and very helpful. The location is great.  Very close to the Shepherd's Bush tube.  Thank you again for making our 25th wedding anniversary a very memorable occasion.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay!,"When I checked the reviews (prior to recent ones which are much better) due to the negative comments I almost changed my booking to another Hilton.  I am so glad that I didn't.  My whole 4 day experience was wonderful and I felt well taken care of, especially in the Executive Lounge (thank you Maria and Kedest in particular).  The location was perfect for me and I look forward to staying again soon.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"My family stopped for several days in half term and we loved the hotel, the staff were very polite and very very helpful. I cannot find a fault with the hotel, next time we are in London we will be stopping there again.  It's a 5 minute walk from the underground ( central line ) so it was very easy to get into the centre of London.  Also 5 minute walk away is Westfield shopping centre with plenty of shops and restaurants. ",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worth every penny,"Thank god some big chains have not despised customer service. This is the case of this hotel and its very attentive staff. Lovely location close to tube stations, excelente breakfast, clean and trendy rooms. The only minor slid was trying to get in touch with reception on the phone as for a couple of times it rang all the way with no answer. Still a fiver though for all other aspects.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean hotel, good location, good value","I stayed one night here upon arriving in London.  This hotel has the feel of a place more geared towards business than pleasure.  I was disappointed to find that internet cost over 10 pounds per day and when I coughed that up I found it didn't even work reliably in the room I was in!  Fortunately the management was kind enough to remove the charge. I booked a room with breakfast included and I can highly recommend this.  They have an extensive spread of hot and cold breakfast in the morning and when there are two in the room it represents an excellent value. The location is not bad.  One tip if you didn't see it when arriving, there is a large shopping mall (Westfield London Shopping Centre) a 5 minute walk from the hotel with many restaurants and shops (next to Sheppards bush…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good value for money,"Stayed here for a weekend last month, Overall the hotel is fine, not one of the best Hilton hotels but for the price it represented good value for money. As has been allready stated it is conveniently situated, with good shopping at westfields and near to Nottining Hill and Kensinton palace ect. Breakfas was good if a little frantic. All the usuall help your self selections, plus an egg station providing eggs and omletts cooked to order. Despite it being buisy the food was constantly replenished and tables were cleard promptly. The same can not be said of the bar. We decided to have  a sandwich on the Sunday evening, service was very slow, and the sandwich when it arrived was dissapointing. The chips were hard and overcooked.When she cleard the table the waitress did manage to…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This is my hotel choice in London,"I stay at this hotel each time I come over.  My latest visit was probably my 5th or 6th.  I just can't fault this hotel.  There was a glitch with my booking when I arrived and and Charlene took the time and effort to rectify the mistake.  I have been served by Charlene on a previous visit.  Her service is fantastic.  She is a real asset to the hotel.  Her manner was one of professionalism.  She noticed my cough and recommended something that may help.  Being not from England, I appreciated her input. My room was a jnr. suite on the 7th floor and in a very quite part of the hotel, which is important to me for a restful stay.  Watching the fireworks on Guy Falks week-end outside my window entertained me with lights, colour, designs and the whole excitement of fireworks. The…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Location,This is one hotel I find which is a good location. It's near to Portobello Market where you can find lots of goodies and it's just a stone throw away from Bayswater where there are a couple of good Chinese restaurant. What more there is a big Mall call Westfeild where everything is under one roof. I usually stay in this hotel because of the staff. They are always helpful. Give it a try :),Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights for my 50th birthday. Bernadette the manager, upgraded us to a King executive suite and we had full use of the executive lounge which included breakfast. We returned to our room the first night to find a bottle of red wine and chocolates, what a delightful surprise! The bed was large and comfortable, lovely soft pillows and the room was warm and clean.Staff were always friendly and helpful. Breakfast was fabulous as much as you wanted of lovely fresh fruit including strawberries! No problem getting Gluten free bread when I asked for it, this is always a difficulty for me when travelling and I was delighted the hotel had it in the kitchen. Hotel is a short walk to Shephard's Bush tube and rail stations so getting around London was so easy…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Unrecognisable from its previous old tired self,"I stayed in this Hilton hotel for several nights in 2007. It was falling to pieces, the rooms were so tired they were falling asleep, and the entire hotel stank of cleaning fluid which left you a) high and b) wondering what they were trying to mask.  Fast forward five or six years, and the transformation is complete, and this is essentially a totally different hotel, able to hold its own against the flashy newer Hiltons which have been appearing in Britain over recent years.  The old hotel was always good at service despite its dodgy accommodation, and this seems to have survived the massive refurbishment.  The rooms are modern, clean and fairly spacious. The bathrooms are a disappointment, though; they are cramped and poorly appointed. The decor is bright if impersonal, but…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Well run with very helpful staff,"I arrived on a redeye flight and they did not have my room ready, but the front desk clerk did everything he could to find me a room. When he could not, he personally escorted me to the executive lounge and the showers there- which are fairly new, well kept and a godsend for the international traveler. The bell desk was great with directions, helpful with the bags, always proactive. Great location with plenty of great shops nearby in addition to the Westfield mall.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel for your London Trip,"At first, this hotel may seem just a bit out of the way, however in London that simply isn't so. The tube picks up a short walk away, albeit you do have to take the crosswalk. My diamond status with Hilton Honors definitely helps out with any Hilton branded hotel, but the staff is what made this hotel. Constantly very helpful, especially with this being my first trip to the city.   There is no pool or hot tub, but there is a nice steam room and sauna; as well as a fitness center. I found the room to be smaller and more reminiscent of a Parisian hotel room, however, as a single traveler, it was all I found myself needing. I found the internet to be reliable and fast, whic his always a nice thing to know while traveling.  If you do have Gold or Diamond status with Hilton, you will…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely decor and comfy beds,"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights using the Tesco voucher scheme so the room we had was the std twin room. The room had really comfy beds was clean and we were very pleased with it. The only thing was the tv was a bit dated but worked perfectly (used to lcd these days)! The staff were very helpful and apart from a couple of idiots the first night, we slept well. I will never understand people who are inconsiderate and slam doors and shout loud in middle of night! The hotel is an 8m minute walks from the Westfield shopping centre which is just across the main road. Parking is expensive £32 per day but you can park in Westfield for 24 hours for £8 if you don't mind walking across with your cases. For those of you in the Oxford area, the oxford tube coach arrives and departs…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great staff,"first time at hilton kensington and will return. from moment of arrival, concierge and front desk staff were pleasant, welcoming and helpful. executive lounge and staff for the most part was up to par. location is ideal for public transportation... shephards bush is a few steps aways with access to just about all rails. shopping and dining are also within footsteps. hop on/hop off pick up is right in front of hotel and would highly recommend for good tour of city... you can always grab a day pass on the tube and return to any places of interest.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 night stay,"We have stayed in this hotel before and we have never been disappointed. The rooms are of a good size with very comfortable beds and soft pillows which in my view is very important. The staff cound'nt be more friendly and helpful. The breakfast is the best part, everything you could possibly want and as much as you can eat. My husband loves the omletes prepared before your eyes, you cant get fresher than that. It's very close to the tube but the restaurants near by are expensive. We ate at the GBK and paid £35 for 2 burgers, chips and cokes, Burger King make a better burger We reccomend The Hilton Kensington to everyone.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Chief Concierge is rude and stuffy !,"Look - I am not going to beat around the bush .. The rooms are ok (comfortable & clean) the breakfast is also - just ok. The housekeeping team do a great job and during our weeks stay we ordered room service a couple of times and that was very good.  I am a Hilton HHonours member and try when and where possible only to stay in Hilton properties. But not to be recognised at all (not even a "" Welcome back to Hilton ) was very disappointing. Now I appreciate that this is a large 24 hour operation, but there are no excuses for the rudeness and unfriendly welcome received by the concierge and reception staff members. On arrival we experienced some confusion over our confirmed room rate. I enquired about the internet ( so that I could show my confirmation paperwork ) and was told that…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
3720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"I have stayed in multiple Hilton properties in London and this is what you would expect from a Hilton.  The tube station is close but not easy to get to. Don't plan on many places to eat nearby - there are some but not a lot. The hotel was quiet, clean and room service was great. ",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Does the job!,"Great location very close to Westfield and tube, tons of great restaurants nearby, room small but perfectly adequate the beds were super comfy so slept great. I found the staff polite and helpful - my mini bar wasn't stocked by mistake and they found me a mars bar in the middle of the night! However was disappointed when it wasn't stocked again the next day and when I asked a member of staff they didn't get back to me! Internet very expensive (I paid £30 for my two day stay.) room service food was pretty good also great breakfast. - The staff member who showed me to my breakfast table was lovely and gave me a lot of directions, advice etc. Would stay again. - just really wish they would change the high Internet price!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,At the edge of zone 1. Clean and comfortable,"The nearest tube station would be Shepard bush, (Not sure why the hotel website states holland park) and was within 5 mins from the hotel. The hotel itself was clean. The rooms were rather small, but the beds comfortable. As with any other Hilton hotel, internet charges were insane. Just pick up a UK sim or go to a nearby cafe. Acceptable for 1 night.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I expect better from a Hilton,"Good location if you need to be around that part of the London town. Approximately 5mins walk to tube station, train station and Westfield London Shopping Centre.  Typical London mid-range business hotel. Room size is tiny, to the extent which there is no space to open ironing board. I experienced a much better Hilton than this.   Staffs are at least helpful. Restaurant has the Hilton standard one would expect.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hit and miss,"Accommodation was arranged for four nights at this hotel by a travel agent following an unexpected change to our travel arrangements.  Check in was satisfactory, but when I requested assistance with luggage the response from the porter was less than enthusiastic, bordering on reluctant.  Why, I thought that was his job.  On a similar note when leaving the hotel our luggage was moved from inside the entrance door to a waiting taxi, about eight or nine paces ( not from our room), and the porter was looking for a tip before the last piece of luggage was placed in the taxi.      The double room allocated was small and for a couple space is inadequate. If you have two suitcases there is a problem, one goes on the luggage rack and the second on the two seater couch.  You then sit on…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One night only,We chose this hotel due to its proximity to the BBC TV studios. Service was very friendly and warm from all staff. We wanted to check in early at midday and whilst I had a very lengthy conversation with head office the night before the reception team were very accommodating if only the head office staff were as helpful. They willingly changed our room when we found we had been allocated a double in stead of a twin. Agree that the tv remote is not easy to operate and the wifi charge very expensive for 24 hours (£15). I suppose I should have checked that parking was included in the room rate but as I don't drive to central London very often I wasn't aware of the extra tariff which at £25 feels expensive. Breakfast was very good but again was on top of the room rate of £116 @ £12…,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very poor,Wow we really did not have a good stay here. As we walked in the hotel we as the men at the bagde check in a questin and thier responce was a grunt. I mean i do not speak grunt..... paying 15 - 20 pounds for in room internet is a total rip off. Also a very dodgy tv struggled with the remote. Not worth the money at all or the 15 pound per person breakfeast...  ,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
3727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good stay,"We stayed for one night. I requested for a quiet room and was given one on the 7th floor. It was at the back of the hotel so extremely quiet... so that was good. The room was quite small; I suppose most rooms are. The bathroom was clean but could have been cleaner, i.e. sparkling. When we booked on the list of facilities was 'high speed internet access; I later was told it was an extra payment. This is not specified anywhere before booking. The fridge was locked. The breakfast was great. Even though it was similar to most hotel breakfasts, eggs are freshly cooked the way you want them and the waiters look after you well. The are is good. There is shopping, cinema and quite a number of restaurants in the vicinity. I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing service, value for money",We has just spent an amazing weekend with my husband in this hotel. We were celebrating our 5th anniversary and got a super and warm service from whole hotel personnel. This kind of unique service is very har to find in similar big hotel chains. Hotel is having superb location next to Westfield shopping center and only couple minutes to underground.  Must for us to come back again.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, small rooms, very comfortable and quiet"," hardly any difference between standard room and executive room. Same size, higher floor, some extras but much more expensive. Nice place to stay, cleaning basically okay but bit sloppy on changing towels, soaps etc.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value in a good location,"The hotel is a good hotel; rooms are on the smaller side but comfortable enough.  The rooms were quiet and clean.  I ate at the restaurant and had a traditional meat pie which was excellent! The concierge staff were very friendly and there are umbrellas you can borrow on rainy days.  The hotel is 5 mins from Sherperds Bush Tube Station and the Westfield shopping centre, where there is plenty of shopping and restaurants to choose from.  Good place to stay!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"I had a decent room on the seventh floor. the room was definitely not large, the bathroom the same. but they were both serviceable for the 4 nights I was there. breakfast was good but rather frantic with service staff rather overworked and not attentive but the food offerings were good and lots of it and fine quality. Internet was good this visit.The housekeeping staff had a sudden change and the new person in charge of the floor seemed to forget I had asked to be cleaned at 9am and was still not touched at 6pm. But she did confide rather frantically that it was her first day. I talked with the floor manager and was offered a free bottle of water and the access code to the internet at the bar for one hour as I waited for the room to be serviced. the hotel is very well located…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great neighbourhood and convenient location.,"Stayed on at least five separate occasions over the past three years.  The hotel is located in a great neighbourhood (Holland Park / gardens just a short walk) and is a five minute walk from the Holland Park tube station on the central line.  Buses to Oxford Circus at the door.  Priced reasonably for a Hilton, rooms small but clean and comfortable.  Great range of shops including small supermarket, a local pub, patisseries and restaurants. Plenty of options so I rarely eat or drink in the fully priced hotel bar or restaurant.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small room, smaller bathroom","Hilton Kensington?............hmmm.........500 yards from Shepherd's Bush but why advertise it as the Hilton in Shepherd's Bush........not quite the same cachet! room was small but adequately furnished. Mini bar too expensive.......bathroom tiny, no bath but largish shower hot and efficient. did not pay £20 a head for breakfast but found some lovely cafes along Holland Park Avenue which did the same for £6.95. Bed squeaky and small but we slept well as we had earplugs and never heard a thing at night. Use Bus 94 to get to Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus and bus 148 to get to Buckingham Palace. Ok stay but had a better room and bathroom in Premier Lodge the previous week in Manchester. Hilton relies on its name to sell rooms! Apart from the concierge who looked after our…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
3734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average for a Hilton,"Stayed for six nights in Sept 2012. The rooms are absolutely tiny, with barely enough room for us to put both our suitcases down at the same time. The shower leaked and the window barely opened (despite being a smoking room). The service at the bar took forever, and I could see a couple of staff members standing around talking while we were waiting for our wine to be delivered. The food was average and the cost was absolutely exorbitant. I've stayed at better places in London for cheaper.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Stay,"Just back from a 4 night stay in london at this hotel. We stayed here partly paying with our tesco vouchers and were not treated any differently to any other guests, which I have experienced in the past. Complimentary bottle of vine was giving during check in as the receptionist was being trained at the time, despite this being no hold up to us very nice touch. Staff extremely friendly and would nothing was too much trouble. Room was spacious enough to move around comfortably and bed and bathroom were spotless, no question. Would defiantly recommend this hotel to a friend. Also very easy travel around London using close underground station, shepherds bush. ",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, not necessarily comfortable","We stayed at a few different hotels in London and Paris while exploring different areas, and while the hotel was very clean, kind staff, etc. the mattress was not comfortable at all.  You could feel the springs poking through.  That said - we were exhausted from our long flight from the US, so we could have slept on rocks and still slept straight through.  The towels were the best we experienced though!  The only other complaint we had was service in the bar one evening - we ordered our food (which was good) and my husband asked for a wine list, the waiter went to go get it and never returned.  We finally got someone else to bring one over, and then original waiter never came by and neither did the person who brought the menu over.  We closed our tab and left after about 20…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awesome hotel,"Awesome hotel, located only a short walk to sheppards bush metro station and Westfield shops. Local and tourist buses just accross the road.  Hotel and rooms were spacious and clean with all amenities. Staff were helpful in booking attractions and providing local knowledge and directions.  The breakfast was also amazing, never disappointed.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Prices but not Hilton quality,"Stayed in Hilton Kensington in July 2012. Quite small room which is the norm for London standards but not for Hilton standards. Staff friendly and polite. Location great, 5 mins walk to Shepherds Bush tube on central line which gets you downtown in 15 mins. Huge Westfield is also 5 mins walk if you are in London for shopping. Breakfast as per Hilton standards, superb.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Choice on London's West End,Lovely stay! Clean and Comfortable Room with king bed (I understand this is something of a rarity at London hotels) on 7th floor with great views.  Hotel is close (500 yards to the west) to Sheppard Bush Station and this was our main jump off point when we took the underground DT or to airport.  The staff as one was friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for us.,"We were very pleased with our stay at this Hilton.  The location was perfect for the site seeing we had planned.  It wasn't far from ""the tube"" and good restaurants.  Everything was perfect.  Our only complaint was the cost of wi-fi, it's surprising in this day and age that you have to pay extra for internet!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wi - Fi Ripoff !!!!,"Don't stay here if you are expecting free wi-fi. The going rate to use the internet here is an extortionate 16 pounds an hour !!!! Hey I didn't want to buy shares in the company - I just wanted to use the internet. While everything else like the room, service, cleanliness and breakfast was adequate, overall it is an overpriced establishment. It's not really Kensington either - more like Holland Park. But at least it's close to the Shepherds Bush tube station on the Central line, and it's close to the Westfield Shopping Centre.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good quality Hilton which has a reasonable location,"Modestly-sized rooms that have been recently refurbished mean that this a comfortable place to stay. Usual Hilton standard comfortable beds and pillows. Nice friendly and helpful staff. Tea and coffee but no extra room in the minibar fridge. Good breakfast, with a chef on hand to cook eggs, although some things on the buffet could have been hotter. Rooms can be a bit noisy if you like open windows (it's near a big traffic intersection) but the air-conditioning is a bit noisy too. Good Wi-Fi signal, but annoyingly I needed to keep logging on, even within the hotel. Located slightly out of town but near tube connections on the central line (either Shepherd's Bush or Holland Park) which are only a few minutes’ walk away and then a 10 min tube journey to Marble Arch and Oxford…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The loveliest staff ever !,"I stayed one month at the Hilton for the summer Olympics. The first room I've received was on the backside. It was very quiet but the room was very small and only had a shower. The mini bar/fridge was broken. The responsible provided me an extra fridge which was nice but made my room even smaller ! When I saw the rooms  my other colleagues got, I really had to admit that mine was tiny compare to their rooms and all of them had a tub. I asked at  the frontdesk to swap and the staff was very helpful ! They switched me in another room even it was not so easy as they were fully booked due to Olympic Games and they moved my stuff while I was at work. The second room was just perfect ! Hilton is ideally situated between Holland park and Shepherd's bus underground stations and the bus…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could have been better than average,"Stayed at the Hilton from Sept 8-13th with two colleagues for work and had mixed experiences.  Our rooms weren't ready when we checked in and when we returned over two hours after check in time they still weren't ready.  Rooms was clean and cleaning staff very nice - but no top sheet on the bed.  Front desk staff unorganized, gave colleagues a room that someone else walked into 15 minutes later.  Good location to tube access, a very quiet end of the street.  Nigel the bartender was the great.   Too bad the kitchen was out of service the whole time when we were there.  Its a safe bet, but don't except much past basic service.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"The ""Hellton"" of Kensington","To be truthful I don't know where to start with this place.  The positives I can give you are that this hotel is conveniently located between two tube stops Shepherd's Bush and Holland Park. I would recommend avoiding the S.B. stop unless you absolutely need to go there because crossing the streets to the station is quite treacherous and it will take you the same time to walk to Holland Park in a much nicer setting.  Now the ""Hellton"".  First, forget that it says Hilton on the sign it is there in name only.   This sleep factory is emblematic of the fact that the Hilton Group has been having problems as of late and this place like so many other Hiltons is slipping. The only nice staff in this hotel seem to be the restaurant staff and maybe one lady from housekeeping.…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
3746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good clean hotel, friendly staff.",We stayed 2 nights in this hotel in a twin room.  The room and bathroom were clean and a good size.  When ringing the hotel to confirm our booking I was told of the Promo Deal for breakfast being £12.00 per person per day which I booked on checking in and enjoyed both mornings. The only down side was the air con was a little noisy.  Personally I found the beds a little hard but my cousin had no problem with them. The location although 20 minutes out of town is well serviced by bus and tube.  The 94 bus goes right into Piccadilly Circus via Oxford and Regent Sts and the 148 goes to Victoria Station. Also buses outside the door to Hammersmith to connect to the tube to Heathrow.  Westfields Shopping Centre is 5 minutes walk away. I would recommend this hotel to friends.,Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Place To Stay,"Stayed here over the August Bank Holiday weekend and had a really lovely time.  The tube is 5 ins up the road and the busues stop right outside, so really handy to get into the hustle and bustle.  Very clean hotel, nice rooms, average size, bathrooms bit on the small side and a little disappointing, but clean.  The reception / foyer area is lovely and staff were really friendly.  Breakfast only in the restaurant as part of the package - realy good quality & value.  Only disappointment was the bar ... asked twice for a glass for a bottle of beer whihch i then had to change twice as they were dirty - seemed we were interrupting the barman watching the football.  Told to sit at a table, would have preferred to sit at bar - this is they can add 10% service charge .... bit if a rip…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good value and not a bad location","I stayed 4 nights at this hotel.  It isn't one of the nicer Hiltons I have stayed at but it was very reasonably priced. Pros: 200 m to subway, bus stop right in front with very regular buses, room clean and decent size. Cons: very expensive wifi, a bit of a moldy smell on the floor. Breakfast is 20 pounds, unless you pre-pay and it is then 13. Overall I would stay again, esp. for the price paid. The mall close by is excellent and has everything you'd want. Note that location is not downtown but 20 mins to Bond Street by tube.  Not a negative per se as the neighborhood is nice and less busy.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"Was expecting more from a Hilton. Check in was not good. I unfortunately arrived at the same time as a tour bus and had to wait in a huge line. Which would have been OK, except that there was no queue control of any kind, so people kept coming in from the side and jumping the queue. Staff did nothing to assist. The room was ok and a reasonable size for London, but 3-star quality at best - paintwork, carpet etc need renewing. My room had a hole in the wall above the bed and the door and wood surrounds in the bathroom were chipped and peeling. Location was good - near Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush tube and bus stations. Luckily Westfield has free wifi, because the Hilton charges an outrageous price for it. It was the only hotel I stayed in Europe that did not have…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"Hotel has a perfect location, but staff need to be much more warm & welcoming. Yes they are doing their job, but as a frequent traveller, & a hotelier you can easily see what is from the heart, & what is just doing their job, pass the shift hours. Apart from this every thing else was OK, hotel facilities are good, shampoo & bathroom amienties need a look into. Selection of food is average, have to take in consideration Muslems guest, which hotel is receiving a lot, non pork variety should be available, to attrack guest to use & spend more inside, rather than getting food from outside.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could be so much better ...,"I recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, 21-23 September 2012.  Overall, I had no problems and my stay here was fine.  However, there was no wow factor for being a Hilton hotel.  You can defo see the difference between the UK and overseas Hilton hotels.  Reception was fairly nice, but the rooms were fairly basic, a good 3 star, defo not 4 star.  Entrance to rooms were tight for space and bathroom was small.  TV was poor quality (old) and the AC was noisy and didn't do very much.  Breakfast was okay, a rather moody chef (found this in a lot of hotels) was there making fresh omelettes, as much as there were options, there wasn't so much variety, just your normal options of breads, pastries, cold meats etc.  Checking in and out was fairly simply.  I stayed here out of…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very high standard of service, good hotel","From the moment we arrived and were greeted by Ian at the front of house till we departed we received very good customer service. Well trained, polite, friendly and efficient.  We were upgraded to an Executive room, which is as previously stated both modern and small. Non the less it was well maintained and having asked for a room on the back (Tip!) got a generally quite and restful night sleep.  Good breakfast, reasonable bar rea and overall a well located but slightly out of the centre Hilton.  For us both the staff made the real difference. Well done to them and the management, please replicate across the chain.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good!,"I normally like more intimate hotels but via priceline's name-your-own price, I ended up here. It wasn't exactly Notting Hill as priceline suggested, but I could still walk to my favorite restaurants in NH. I was upgraded from the most basic room to a lovely, comfortable deluxe version offering a small red wine upon arrival, bath robes and a comfy stylish chair and round table. The large bed was terrific, as were what seem to be new health club facilities, complete with a sauna and a steam bath, excellent shower and change room. The commute on the Central Line next door is easy and comfortable to almost anywhere in the city and you are close (ish) to Heathrow. The staff was super courtesous. Even the hotel restaurant for dinner (would normally never do that with all the fabulous…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent  Hotel,"My husband Graham and Friend Raymond  stayed at this hotel in  23rd to 26 th August and Sept 9th as they been on a tour .  Rooms where very clean and comfortable , Staff where helpful .... But the full English breakfast was excellent ... We are coming back to London next year and we will be staying there again.  Excellent Hotel to stay in , close to Tube station and Westfield Shopping centre ...",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Be prepared to wait for everything !,"We arrived early at the hotel and were allowed to check in . The person at reception took forever to organise our rooms and said it was because he was giving us deluxe rooms - if they are deluxe I don't know what the standard ones are like because there was nothing special about them. We had lunch in the bar while we were waiting for the rooms to be ready . Lunch was only OK , nothing special and  service was incredibly slow , it took 15 minutes to get the bill.  The rooms themselves are relatively small but clean and comfortable.  there is a smoke alarm on the wall that flashed all night and the AC unit also flashed because we turned it off . This was really annoying. Our rooms were facing the road so it was a bit noisy but could be worse. The best thing about this hotel was…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NEVER AGAIN!!!,"Spent eight days in London at this hotel and it will never happen again. The only positives that come to mind are the service at reception, the hotels location, the two nearby train stations and the Westfield Shopping Centre (free wifi because you have to pay for it at the Hilton). Plenty of negatives but here are the major ones encountered horrible attitudes from concierge, crap TV, bed as hard as a rock and the floors/rooms smell of mould. Don't let the name fool you and don't get sucked in by location it's not worth it.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
3757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A solid, comfortable choice","Some hotels are so luxurious and comfortable that they are actually an improvement on your own home.  This hotel isn't one of them, and I think some of the negative reviewers may have expected that level of luxury.  But it's a good, dependable hotel.  My mother and I expected a clean, convenient, attractive hotel, and that's just what we got.  The room was small, but not ridiculously so.  (The traveler pictures give you an accurate idea of the size of the rooms.)  Everything was clean, and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.  We liked the lovely residential neighborhood quite a lot, though it does take some time (15-20 minutes) to get into central London.  But there are a few drawbacks:  no free WiFi, and the bathtub was at an oddly raised height that made it…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Staff,"Booked this hotel at last minute.com as a treat for my husband. We was going to a concert at Shepards Bush Empire. Great location, right next to the Westfield shopping centre. When I arrived at the hotel reception I was met by a lovely lady who ask me to wait for one moment while she did somthing on her computer. She then appolgised for keeping me waiting(5 minutes if that). She then booked me in so quick and chatted about what I had been up to which was a nice plesent surprise. I then went to my room which was lovely. Room was very clean lovely big bed and wonderful amount of pillows. In the lobby area I spoke to a doorman who was most helpful and his knowledge of the area was great. I would recommand this hotel highly. The breakfast was very good and I had a excellant stay",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, helpful staff, clean and safe","This was a great hotel for visiting London. It is not in the heart of the ""city"" but more in a residential area just a few blocks from the Holland Park tube (subway) stop on the Central Line. It was a great home base for doing whatever we wanted in London. It was very quiet and safe to walk to and from the tube at anytime of day or night. Lots of lovely shops and a grocery store in between the tube and the hotel. The Castle restaurant nearby was reasonably priced and great food and beer selections. There are ice machines on every floor. The concierge was very, very kind and helpful. We did have them do some laundry for us which wasn't cheap, but that is to be expected and they did a good job. The hotel was very reasonably priced for a Hilton and we would absolutely stay here…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good value, great location","From first view, the hotel seems a little worn from the outside.  Once inside, there is very little to not like.  A hip bar/cafe hangout, a decent restaurant (though overpriced), good exercise facility with a variety of equipment and a very friendly, helpful staff.  The room was up to Hilton standards and spacious for  a London stay.    The neighborhood is beautiful. Park across the way and a stone's throw from Notting Hill. The Shepherd's Bush underground (and overground station) is just a minute away and very convenient to travel the Central line to downtown London.   One downside: Toilet took 3, 4, 5 times to flush completely.  Water pressure problem.  Tips: The hotel charges for internet access from the business center or room. Go just a couple of store fronts from the…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"good location, unorganised reception staff","we arrived early and room was not ready, no problem, when we came back 4 hrs later we were given a twin room instead of the double, and generally the reception staff did not seem to know what they were doing. We had requested executive lounge access which was extra and they were also unsure if this was available for us. The executive lounge did not provide the same standard of food that we have previously experienced in other hilton hotels. Still good value and would recommend. I recieved a bottle of prosecco and macaroons in the room for my birthday which was really lovely. The room was nice except the tv was on the side wall and you couldnt lie in bed and watch it. All in all an average hotel, lovely location really easy walk from shepherds bush and holland park.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small and cramped rooms.,This hotel must have one of the smallest rooms i have ever stayed in.Just enough space to move around the bed and desk.As the room is already so small they still fit in a small table and chair.Really to cluttered.No where to put my bag and it had to go underneath the bed. The toilet was even worse.Toilet door opens outwards and blocks the entrance.One step inside and youre at the toilet bowl.Turn your body to the right and u face the sink.Turn left and the shower cubicle is there.Step into it and i just barely fit into it.My shoulders nearly touched both sides and i am of average built.I cant imagine people who are broader in size.However the room was newly renovated so was very nicely decorated.Room had the usual amenities biler with coffee and tea sachets.One thing which i…,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Sunday stay,"Stayed at Hilton Hotel Kensington Sunday night for an appointment the following morning. Great location to Shepards Bush, and Westfields just over the road.  Hotel was doing a special offer on rooms! - our room was small and very basic, not very impressed at all, bathroom was tiny with a sliding door, shower was good. the bed was uncomfortable and really small, dont have a standard room, pay the extra and upgrade to the next size as this is like a single room with a double bed shoved in it, same experience with Hilton in Birmingham, that was the smalles single room in the world. this was £92.00 without breakfast and not worth the money we stayed at a hotel on saturday  and cost £58.00 with Brekkie and was far better than this. Hotel lobby and overall hotel is very clean and…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Our home away from home in London,"I have stayed in this hotel three times while my husband has travelled to London on business.  We always go back to this hotel.  The staff is helpful and accomidationg.  The manager or the AM/PM, Ercon, is a fantastic host and welcomes us like family when we visit.  While travelling with a toddler, the location close to Holland Park is fantastic.  The residential area is safe to walk and enjoy the sights of the double decker busses and black cabs driving through.  We even saw the royal motorcade drive through since we are on the same road as Kennsington Palace, home of Will and Kate.   While you are here, make a right on Holland Park Avenue and hit the Gelato Mio for a treat.  It is a few blocks up.  There is a nice bookstore I like to shop in and a Starbucks. Also, you are next…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"The location was good; about a 10 minute walk to 2 underground stations. The concierges were very helpful in booking excursions.The maid service was very poor, dirty glasses left, some days they wouldn't leave clean towels. Breakfast in the restaurant was pricey (20 pounds, $32.00) A small cup of coffee in the lobby was $7.00. There is a Starbucks next to the Holland Park tube station. London is a pricey city so I would probably stay here again. Adequate would be the best rating.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"We stayed at the hotel on the 17th August in an Executive room and we do not have a single complaint. The check in was very smooth and we were in our room within 5 minutes of arriving. It was on a high floor (I had forgotten to request lower floor when booking, doh!!) and as my wife suffers from vertigo I called reception to see if we could change rooms and we where swapped to a lower floor immediately. Yes the rooms are not the biggest we have stayed in, but are more than sufficient in size and are in very good order with comfortable beds and adequate bathrooms. The hotel seemed rather busy, including the bar area, so the sanctuary and peace of the executive lounge for pre dinner drinks was very welcome. The staff here, where also very efficient, an example is that they stop…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location Ok hotel,"The hotel is close to the Westfield Centre and convenient for Kensington, Earls Court and the tube. Its a nice hotel, with a few flaws that could be easily rectified. Our room had a bathroom door that didnt fit properly and so was really hard to close. The checkout on the tv screen didnt work and we went downstairs to check out - there were not enough staff on reception. Rooms and bathrooms were small but adequate, the bed felt decent quality, though a little firm for me. Yes I would stay there again - there are many worse places in London - just that this hotel should be so much better with a little TLC",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,40% discount and hilton honours upgrade made this stay perfect for 1 night,"We were only in London for 2 separate nights 2 weeks apart. This stay was better. It was the last night of the olympics and since our flight arrived at 7am from Australia, we decided to book a cheaper hotel/room for 2 nights to ensure we had a bed/shower as soon as we arrived. Normal check-in for hotel in London is 3pm, 12pm at best but not always guaranteed.  Most other hotels were really expensive because of the olympics but some were not that full so we started seeing specials come up on tripadvisor! (Love Tripadvisor and hence we have become frequent reviewers)  40% off which meant 89 pounds plus taxes. Because we are hilton honours diamond members we got a free upgrade to their recently refurbished rooms which had everything you needed, including a decent view. We also got…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,"We are so glad that we chose this fabulous hotel in which to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary.  The staff and management treated us and other guests with genuine warmth and friendliness.  (Lola De Miguel, (Assistant Front Office Manager) especially deserves praise for her professionalism, competence and kindness).  The hotel rooms are lovely and clean and its location very convenient - just a few minutes walk to Shepherds Bush underground.  It was a pleasure staying there and we will most definitely stay there again on our next trip to London.  Best regards, Mr & Mrs F, Manchester.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Completely average!,"Stayed at this hotel for 3nights in August during Olympics. Room very small, bathroom dirty, view = non-existent and staff unhelpful to say the least. However, it's in a good location on Kensington high street and although affordable, it's not value for money. I personally feel that the usual Hilton standard is slipping.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Immaculate, extremely comfy bed & helpful staff","I am only 18 yesrs old and had planned to go to London on my own for an after events at NHM. I'm new to the hotel thing so I nervous that I would do something wrong or incorrect. However a very helpful gentleman helped me who was working at Reception on 31st August at 2.15pm when I checked in. He offered to walk me to the lifts when I was unsure on where to find them and he called about 15 - 30 minutes into when I checked in to when I checked in to make sure I was OK and if I needed anything which I thought was great customer service. The room was immaculate, faultless even, and very clean. The bedding was so so comfy, I wanted to take them home!!! Will definitely stay at another Hilton again. Breakfast was the best breakfast I have ever had!!! Planning on going again purely for…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What you get is a bed with five different types of pillows,"Reserved this hotel as a package deal through Expedia. Was surprised by the rate offered to me for a 10 day stay. It was only after I checked in that I realised why I got such a good deal - I was offered the bare minimum service. The only positive point I can think of was that the room was clean and is near to underground (tube-subway). Barring those two points, I can hardly say anything positive about this hotel. I had to pay extra for the morning continental breakfast ($24/day). I was charged 19.95 pounds for the breakfast, but I realised that the people with whom I was travelling were charged only 14.95 pounds for the same breakfast. So I complained at the reception and they decreased the charge. Most of the hotels in US now have large screen LCD TVs with a huge variety of HD…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
3773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's nice location but the staff is not friendly at all,"It was a nice hotel ,and nice location but the staff is not friendly at all ,accept on lady is freindly and she wants to help  All what I say is that the hotel is nice and great location but if the staff ware freindly every thing will be excellent .  And best regards from, Khaled  ",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic modern hotel in a great location,"We stayed for one night when in London for Notting Hill carnival. Perfectly located really, as we just walked along the main road to get there (about 15 mins). There is a bus stop just outside the hotel as well. There are lots of restaurants within easy walking distance.  The hotel is clean, bright, modern and contemporary. The concierge and reception staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. Even though the hotel was very busy, everything ran smoothly.   The room (standard double) was a good size and well appointed. The bathroom was lovely, so nice to have an actual bath in a hotel room, and the complimentary toiletries were very good quality. The bed was very comfortable as well, with nice thick pillows. I had a very good night's sleep, which I often don't in hotels.  The…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"The hotel was very clean, the bedrooms were small but more than adequate for what we wanted, and beautifully furnished and decorated. The breakfast choice is great, and we would definitely stay again. The only thing i would say is we didn't have a drink in the bar as the prices are very high which we would have liked too.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Birthday Surprise,"My wife and I stayed here on the last day of the Olympics as a treat for her birthday.  The location is excellent for the Westfield shopping centre as its 2 minutes away; it is also within walking distance of Holland Park tube station and Notting Hill with a bus stop directly outside  We were able to check in at noon and the receptionist was one of the friendliest I have come across even if we did have to wait a long time to be seen. There is no structure where to line up at reception so there are people being seen way ahead of ones that have been waiting their turn.  We had an executive room on the 6th floor which was small compared to other London Hiltons, as I have stayed here before I knew to expect this.  The room was on the front side of the hotel and with the window…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Affordable ans exceeded expectation,"We arrived to a warm wonderful modern contemporary reception, friendly staff. Straight to the room which cost under £100 for a night however it was so clean, large, contemporary. Completely exceeded our expectations. Plenty or towels, great mattress, iron, hair dryer, fluffy duvet, great tv and facility for hot drinks. The BEST part was the wonderful enough as selection at the buffet breakfast. Wonderful service and great clean eating area. HIGHLY recommend.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location,"I stayed there for two weeks during the Olympics. The first room the was given to me was too small, Ibis Hotel standard, not Hilton standard. One couldn't even open a suitcase. The second day I moved to a king sized bed and this room was ok. The staff at the front desk was very nice and helpful. The spread at the breakfast was very nice, you can find almost anything you like. The staff at the breakfast restaurant is also very efficient and nice. For me it was a good experience. Exellent location with access to the bus right in front of the house. The Tube is 5 minutes walk away.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Little Things Add Up,"This hotel's best asset is definitely location. Holland Park seems to be an upscale residential area with lots of trees and several parks within walking distance. In front of the hotel is a bus stop with multiple lines that will take you to Picadilly, Camden, Westminster, south bank, Chiswick, etc. (not quickly mind you, but you will get there). To the west, the Shepherd's Bush tube station and massive Westfield shopping mall with restaurants, is within walking distance (5 minutes). To the east, hop a bus two stops to Holland Park for another tube station, or a few more stops to Notting Hill tube station, restaurants, and Portobello Road market.  Now for the negatives... small but upfitted rooms, weak air conditioning (rooms can get hot, particularly when maids leave your…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,This hotel is in a great location. Across the road from a massive shopping centre and the tube station. Great breakfast but a bit pricey at £20. we were told it was £12 when we checked in but paid £20 when we did a last minute walk in. Really helpful staff. Twin room on the small side but clean and well maintained. Air con a bit noisy but no problem. I would have rated higher but for the outrageous £15 wi fi charge.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Delivers the usual Hilton standard,"Great location, rooms on the small side but typical for London. Breakfast is very good. Frustrating to pay for wifi though! Overall a good hotel and very convenient for Shepherd""s Bush. No complaints and of the usual Hilton standard.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton with a standard maintained,The one night stay was one of comfort and courtesy. The room was of a good size (for London) Room well maintained. Staff were very helpful and courteous. Breakfast choice was fresh and tasty. Worth a visit,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good in my books...,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington on the 11th August, and as per usual everything was up to Hilton standard. I have see in pervious reviews that people have had problems with their air conditioning, mine seemed to be fine and I enjoyed my sleep in an extremely comfy super long sized bed. Oh yes, don't get me wrong, but the rooms are very small, but they we're fine for one nights stay, any more I would want more space.  Breakfast was tasty, and the staff were kind and welcoming.  Would defiantly come back to this hotel, for both the location, and the Hilton itself.  The only thing is, the car parking is extortionate!! But you get that wherever you go.  Well done Hilton, I always enjoy a stay with your hotel chain.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton Standards,"The staff at this hotel need to go back to Hilton school.  We arrived to find the TV not working,  the hot water didn't work for most of our first day, not good when you've been traveling for 30 hours.  Management never offered anything for the  problem.  And the Executive lounge is to be looked at more carefully, we had our umbrella stole with in seconds of leaving the lounge, and the computer bank is wide open, so while the men are searching the internet for porn and prostitutes little kids are just a few feet away. The hotel needs a new management team.  I will say as a Hilton Honors member, I contacted them with our problems and they did have the hotel refund the internet charge for some of our troubles, Thank you Julie.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
3785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst Customer Service Ever – Brings the Hilton Brand down!,"This was our first experience of staying in a Hilton Hotel in London but have used them anytime I am in America so I am use to the brand and I am sorry to say that my experience with the Hilton Kensington has put me off ever staying in a Hilton Hotel again. I booked a twin room using lastminute.com for Saturday, Aug. 4th & Sunday, Aug. 5th as I was lucky to obtain tickets to the Olympics and wanted a hotel on the Central line in London. Our first experience was waiting at least 20 minutes to be checked in even though personnel were coming into the Reception Area, looking at the amount of people waiting to check in/out and then heading into the back office.  We were eventually checked into our room and to say that the bedroom and in particular the bathroom was extremely small in…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
3786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bloody Awful Stay,"I stayed here 2 nights ago and wont be back. This is my second stay and the first was fine.  My room was on a corner and  very small .There was a note on the window that it was locked (sorry) the Aircon would not go off so it was blowing all nights at either very cold of very hot .I asked for a room change and was told they were full.  The bathroom wasnt clean and the shower door broken . When I went to bed the bed frame  made one hell of a noise and no matter how careful I turned over the bed just creaked .That and the lack of air quality meant I did not sleep  .  On top of that I had ordered breakfat in my room which did not appear .On checking out I was told thatmaybe ""someone had stolen the door hanger request""",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
3787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,We were booked into this hotel with our olympics package. The room although small was extremely comfortable and very clean. The hotel is well placed for the underground and for several shops if you find that you have run out of anything. The road outside is very busy but this didn't stop us from sleeping and certainly wasn't annoying. Breakfast wasn't the best that we have had in a Hilton hotel but the service was exceptional.  We were lucky and had a lovely view over the park opposite.  I would definately use this hotel again when we next visit London.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantasticly helpful and friendly staff,"Ok, its a standard Hilton: functional, reasonably priced and without much character. The rooms are small. BUT...the location is wonderful. The nearby Holland Park is a forgotten jewel. Its very close and well connected to the heart of London. Its walking distance to Notting Hill and Portobello Road. There are shops nearby. And the service was invariably very helpful and friendly. Recommended.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fire alarm in the early morning,"Fire alarm went off at approximately 4 am. Whole building evacuated until 6am and no apology or even a free coffee out of the in convenience.  The event ruined the whole day as having plans for 9am, it was to late to go back to sleep and to exhausted to enjoy the meeting.  We called and e-mailed Hilton but never got any reply?",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
3790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hôtel, good position","Quite small and old bathroom, but Nice room. Close to the mall westfield village. Good service and right place to go out  Good quality/ price if you have discount Good hotel breakfast not so bad Nothing to add",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
3791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Didn't meet our expectations,"This was our first experience of staying in a Hilton hotel and we left feeling rather disappointed. We booked a 'Deluxe Twin Room' for a Saturday night after attending a concert in Hyde Park. My companion is allergic to dairy products and prior to our stay I called the hotel to enquire whether they were able to cater for her at breakfast. The hotel said that they did have soya milk available but did not provide dairy free margarine. We have both stayed in lots of hotels (including independents and chains) and have found many that have been able to provide margarine, milk and yoghurts which are suitable for people with allergies. This level of customer service seems to be missing at the Hilton.  The additional 'complimentary' touches for our room described on the website included…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
3792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small but comfortable,"Me and my partner stayed here during the Olympics and although the room was comfortable and clean (except a little dirt in the shower) it was quite expensive. We stayed one night at a cost of £169 and the room was tiny. I would reccomend this hotel for it's location if you needed to catch the tube. However, I personally would not stay here again because of the price for such a small room.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,"Stayed at this hotel during a weekend. The interior was very clean, cozy and modern. The hotel has great facilities options and their services are very efficient. The room is a little bit small but ok for a short period. The breakfast is awesome, really worth it the price.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay for the olympics,"Stayed at the hilton for one night as me and my boyfriend were attending the olympics. The hotel was amazing the interior is extremely clean, well kept and modern. the staff were very helpful and cheery The hotel has great facilities such as a bar, restaurant, sauna and a 24 hour gym but i never saw this on my visit we stayed in a double room which was very spacious and modern The bed was really comfortable and no exterior noise could be heard through the night we were really pleased with the complimentary water and robes as we thought it was a nice touch there was room service availiable and a mini bar but we did not use this  The only down side to the room was that the tv picture was quite bad quality especially for a new looking LCD tv but as we were out in London till late,…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disturbed sleep,"Arrived at about 1830, waited for 7 minutes to check-in, upgraded to next level room, as usual, room was clean, tidy with the normal Hilton accompaniments.  BUT had an interconnecting door with next room, so at 0600 when housekeeping started cleaning next door, I woke up. Back again at 0650 just to make sure they had really done a good job of disturbing my sleep.  Breakfast in the Exec Lounge was OK, and checkout there was again OK. However, if I was to stay in a budget brand hotel and complained about noise like that, I would have received a refund, in fact even if its other customers making the noise, let alone their own staff. At the Hilton.......just sorry. The icing on the cakes was when I left, the room next door has a do not disturb sign on it.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,not great at all,"Stayed at Hilton's the world over and this isn't a good one at all. Check in 10 minutes, and that was for the HHonors queue the other ones were even longer ! Room was clean but room to swing a cat ? not a chance Didn't get upgraded even as a Diamond member. Executive lounge was ok but heaving. Restaurant in the hotel didnt look good, and Westfield is a 5 minute walk with about 20 restaurants to choice from added with the all the shops and a big multiplex meant if you were staying here for business and were a little bored it wouldn't be for long. Shepherds Bush and Holland Park tubes are 5 minutes walk in either direction. I wouldn't stay here again ? there are better Hiltons in London",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,ideal for business trips,"hotel staff helpful and rooms comfortable but windows on both recent trips were old and allowed the street noise to make an early night unworkable . The rooms are reasonably priced but a little tired, Room service menu OK, prompt delivery, wine a bit expensive. Stayed in a few Hiltons around the world and the older ones really are very similar. This one needs some cosmetics but is still doing its job",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and rooms,"Lovely reception service, great breakfast range and nice rooms. We had a free bottle of wine in the room! They could improve the breakfast service as we waited ages for someone to take our drinks order. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay with friendly staff and well stocked executive lounge,"Friendly staff.  Well stocked exec lounge. Good location in Kensington area.  Small, pleasant room but typical for England/Europe.  Concierge very helpful.  Only thing I would suggest is a bit more thorough cleaning of room - wiping down door handles, doors, windows, etc - room was clean but this last look to detail would put the finishing touches to nice room.  I would stay here again - nice job, folks. ",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,commendable & comfortable,"This hotel was chosen by my company because of its close proximity to our head office for international meetings. It is also well located to Nottinghill for a great selection of restaurants and is not so far to the city centre. Generall,y the hotel staff are very efficient and helpful as I have found with many of the Hilton Hotels that I have visited. It is worth mentioning the housekeeping staff who (despite the aged decor of the rooms) cleaned the rooms meticulously. They were friendly and obliging. I was travelling alone for business and an early arrival at the hotel at 6.30am after a 25 hour flight from Sydney required a shower and change before I started work at 9am nearby. Despite numerous emails and requests asking if this facility could be offered I never got a clear…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Same (For months)  Scrambled Eggs and Same Mushrooms are a Boring Affair in the  Executive Lounge,"This is one of our favorite hotels in London and my wife and I are frequent guests of the hotel.  We are,  however , disappointed at the hotel management not making any changes to improve the guest experience at the Executive Lounge.  In our several vists to this hotel, we have always found the same scrambled eggs and mushrooms, with same cereals for breakfast on every visit. Wouldn'n it be nice to sometimes have something different, eg. mushrooms being replaced by hash browns, roasted potatoes, baked tomatoes or occasionally offer waffles, or pancakes etc.  Our recent visit was for 7 days and daily having scrambled eggs and mushrooms was a boring affair.This lounge opens till 11pm and yet, at 8.30pm, it gets set up for next morning's breakfast and  after that, there is then…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved this Hotel,Spent 3 nights here when we first arrived in London.  Reception staff very accommodating.  Room was nice and spacious.  Clean fully equipped bathroom.  Our room was on the 3rd floor overlooking the park - lovely!!!!!  What can I say about the breakfast?  It was absolutely fabulous - the selection was overwhelming - great staff - great hotel!  So close to Westfield shopping centre and the Underground.,Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Yes the staff were welcoming and the location was good,"5 of us for 1 night (That Springsteen Gig) with rooms bought on lastminute.com ""described in their top secret hotels as an ""upscale hotel"" (whatever that is) Paid £100 per room - which was fair. They were small but clean and well equipped. My wife thought they were like a cruise ship fit out. The long corridors were not dissimilar. Parking under the hotel was good, breakfast was very good, London Pride (bottles in the bar £7 each - far too much! Hence my indifferent report. I saw that complementary wine was being taken to rooms as we left - (we never got any! ) & it was a pity our 3 rooms although on the same floor were at other ends of the hotel and not reasonably nearby. but still, my booking was a last minute discount - mustn't grumble!",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed on 13th/14th july,"We stayed last weekend, friday/saturday, very clean, staff friendly, only down size was price of drinks and food, watch out as when you buy drinks at the bar they charge a Service charge, never known that before, anywhere, we bought 2 pints of becks, it was either that ot boddingtons, they were showing other beers but did not have them on, a vodka with ice, bacardi with ice, a bottle of coke and with service charge cost over 26 Pounds !!!!!, nearly 3 punds just to serve us at the bar, saw the bar manager, very nice bloke and he took it off, so watch out for that. Could not get any food after 12 as chef had gone home, but they did keep filing up the bowl of nuts, they were FREE !!!!, Hotel though is about 5 mins walk from shephards bush overline/tube station, handy for central…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Welcoming staff and a good location,"Have stayed at this Hilton on a number of occasions. Unlike many London hotels the staff are all extremely helpful and friendly. Rooms are small like many in London, but clean and modern with everything you need available. Executive lounge access is particularly good and represents very good value. The location, whilst not in e very centre of London, is good being close to the tube. Excellent access to Westfield Shopping Centre and the many very good restaurants there for an alternative place to eat. ",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Europe 2011,We only stayed one night but the room was very nice.  The only problem was trying to find the room.  The hallways are confusing. Breakfast buffet was nice.,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location for Shopping Trip,"Only spent 1 night here so never tried all the facilities. Bed I found to be very uncomfortable like all Hilton Hotels although my daughter said it was ok. Shower is over bath with curtain, again very personal opinion but I hate shower curtains clinging to my body after who knows who else has had it wrapped around them. Ordered room service an it arrived very promptly although very expensive, but food was good. Bar staff extremely slow waited 20 minutes for a drink would have loved to stay and have a few more but couldnt get the waitresses attention so gave up and went to bed. The location was great for Westfield shopping and Shepherds Bush tube.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing to fault,"Solid mid-range hotel. Nothing to fault, and a location with the potential to be excellent, depending on where you're heading. Dinner at restaurant was surprisingly good",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms are really really small,"Having just returned from a 7 day cruise, was looking forward to a nice hotel and a few days in London. The rooms were smaller than our cabin on the ship. I understand they had several floors being renovated. The bed was awful! The staff was very accommodating and of course, they couldn't be responsible for the room size. The location was way out of the way for London sightseeing BUT across the street from a major mall and the tube and overground.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,VERY disappointed,"In the spirit of full transparency, the hotel I usually stay in (Hyatt Churchill) was booked. We stayed in this hotel, and were very disappointed.  They are doing renovations on the hotel, and were painting, removing and replacing carpet on our floor -- the paint and glue smells were awful. I was up every night with breathing challenges. The breakfast buffet was 19.99 -- and tremendously overpriced. The service is spotty...There is a general lack of attention to detail and service. The rooms are VERY small, and the showers feel like they are made of plastic. There is a huge mall nearby, and it appears as if many come to this location to be close to the mall. There is no way to get breakfast of any kind before 7 a.m., even though they say that you can. The COSTA coffee in the…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
3811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Rundown, overpriced","Don't let the words 'Hilton' and 'Kensington' fool you - you'll have a nicer stay at a Travelodge in Croydon.   I stayed here for 4 nights while working on an event elsewhere in London (so fortunately most of my time was spent away from the hotel!). Most of the staff were very helpful, though it's true that none of them speak English as a first language and as such you may need to explain what it is you want several times over.   The rooms were tiny - I could stand in the centre and touch all four walls with just a little stretch. Try getting the ironing board out of the cupboard, the entire contents of the cupboard fall out on you. Try putting the ironing board up - really, I challenge you to find a spot where it will fit without it being at some awkward angle over the bed!…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
3812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Executive suite,"Myself and a couple of friends have stayed at this hotel twice in the last 8 months and both stays were really positive.   On both occasions we stayed in an executive suite on the 7th floor which has a living room, bedroom and bathroom. The rooms were both in good condition and were modern, clean and well equipped.   The corridors in the hotel are tired but are being refitted which will be a welcome change.   With the room we obviously got access to the executive lounge. I strongly recommend you stay in an executive room as the lounge facilities in the evening (free bar from 6-8) and breakfast are worth the room surcharge alone.   Finally, the service we received on both occasions was awesome. We stayed when it was one of our birthdays on both occasions and as a result the hotel…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommend,"Beautiful room - great size and very clean. A great location for seeing London. A bus stop right outside including the city sight seeing bus stop. The Shepherd's Bush tube station is on the central line, and is only a 5 minute walk from e hotel. The Westfield Shopping Centre is also closeby. The concierge staff were particularly helpful and friendly. Buffet breakast was also very good. Only downfall for me was the surcharge for wifi. Would stay again if returning to London.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"You get what it says on the tin. A good room, a clean bathroom and a great breakfast.  All in all we had a very pleasant stay. The bathroom is a tad on the small side and in need of some TLC and the only other negative was we had to wait in a queue some considerable time to check out as there was only one member of staff on duty - value for money though, you cant go wrong!",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's about the location,"This is the second time we have stayed here and the main reason is the location- it's close to Westfields and Shepherds Bush Underground.  The staff were very helpful to us and we enjoyed the breakfast.  Yes the rooms are small but it's London and you don't get huge rooms without paying a huge price. We just shuffled some of the furniture ie chair and table, to make more space.  The rooms may be looking a little tired but we still found them to be clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Better than the Hilton Olympia, But Nothing Special","I've stayed at a few Hiltons, including a couple in London. This is a pretty average property, although it is a more 'luxurious' choice than the Olympia property. The best thing about this hotel is its proximity to the Westfield shopping centre - only 5 or so minutes' walk away. Also, if you are taking the bus in from Oxford (Tube), it's literally right at the stop.  Rooms are OK and there is nothing really wrong with them.  Front desk staff quality varied, from nice at check-in, to indifferent and unhelpful during the evening when I asked for the location of the nearest convenience store which might be open. (No help at all. No offer to find out.)  The charge for internet is ridiculous. 20 pounds (apprx) per day.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Okay stay, Hilton label average quality","got a cheap last minute deal for a stay at this hotel, whilst branded a Hilton anyone who knows the brand would be disappointed. given the cheap deal we could hardly complain. stayed here 31/12/2011 to 4/1/2012. there is a Costa coffee shop in the lobby which was nice. the hotel was not handy for the tube but a bus stopped out the front and as long as you had the next days tube ticket you were fine. the room was dated although not a detraction. the room was compact yet ideal. we stayed on the 5th floor. i would recommend this hotel for a cheap no frill stay but wouldn't pay more than 120 pounds per night. we got a five night deal for about 450 pounds. the staff had limited English and were not proficient in their customer service roles.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful!  Brings shame to the Hilton name!,"With exception to the name on the building and the pleasant looking public areas on the ground floor, this hotel does not reflect the Hilton brand in the slightest!  Rooms small and dark.  Bed really uncomfortable with a poor quality mattress.  Holes in the bathroom door.  Stains on the bathroom tiles.  Fridge broken.  The 2nd floor is obviously under renovation but no mention is made of this by the staff.  Instead, ragged carpets in the corridor, workmen everywhere on the Monday (not to be seen over the weekend), woken to the strong smell of glue/varnish, wet varnish iin the corridors with no warning signs, a saw left unattended in the middle of the corridor floor, carpets ripped up - all of this whilst chargin top-notch prices!!!  Very disappointing!  Will never stay here…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
3819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Ok hotel, nice location","First time to London, so I assume the location was ok. I walked or took the tube everywhere I needed to be. My room, and the entire floor I stayed smelled horribly like smoke. It was nice pleasant. Not sure if they recently banned smoking in the hotel, but I did not enjoy that part of it. The breakfast and business lounge were typical for Hilton. The staff was awesome except for the evening concierge who to put it bluntly was a massive jerk. Anytime we asked for assistance (food, tube help, etc) he was constantly degrading and rude...and wrong with tube directions more than once. Get rid of that guy! Overall it was ok, but not sure I would stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Could have had better service,"This is a nice hotel in a great part of London with the tube stations only 5 mins away but as we arrived we where told at the reception that our room wasnt ready and we had to wait 2 hours for it, which we didnt let that spoil our day so we went out for lunch then when we came back at the time we where told but we where asked to wait again by the same woman who served us (who seemed quite rude) we waited 5 mins then asked another woman who sayed the room was ready. Im not one to complain I just thought the lady who served me the first time was quite ignorant. The rooms where fine to me and as we spent most of our time out anyway. There is some nice resturants close by as well, To get the internet it is expensive i think it was £15-£20 for 24 hours. Hotel food was fine and was…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Basic Room - No View,"I booked into this hotel as it was the departure hotel for my Trafalgar Hotel. I arrived after a long haul flight from Australia and had pre booked an extra nights accommodation so I could check in straight away.  I was allocated room 4087 on the fourth floor.  The bed was comfortable, room was basic however the comparision with other London Hotels I have stayed in. The bathroom shower screen was somewhat difficult to navigate if you were a larger build as half the door was fixed and only half the panel screen was moveable. Therefore if you needed to get into the shower you were required to ""breathe in"" until you were inside the shower cubicle, once inside the shower there was plenty of room.  I ate at the AM/PM restaurant late in the evening the staff in AM/PM restaurant and…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible internet,"This hotel has horrible Internet service.  For 14.95£ per 24 hours, was able to get a connection less than half the time and even after connected, there were frequent interruptions.  The service is contracted to an outside provider, so hotel management do not get involved,  It took several phone calls and a conversation with the internet provider to get connected initially .  When I called about the ongoing connection problems, I was told my iPad was trying to connect to a router further away because another guest was heavily utilizing the connection in the closer router and there was nothing they could do.  Apparently this guest was very busy during our entire 3 day stay as the problem continued.....  Out of desperation, had to use my cell phone and was billed $321 for 18…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standards clearly have slipped,"The location is great, a 5 minute walk from holland park tube station and a local tescos on the way so no need to pay for the ridiculously priced breakfast. Unfortunately once we checked in it all started to go downhill. Firstly our room was on the 2nd floor which is currently being renovated so the carpets are all cut up, it stinks of sealant or paint and there are constantly work men in the corridor. Once we got to our room it was absolutely tiny, though after having stayed in Paris many times I can cope with a small room, and we had dinner reservations so didn't have time to complain and swap rooms otherwise I definitely would have because the smell from the corridor was really bad. I'm not a hotel snob, I have stayed in nicer 2* hostels while travelling. Then the next…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
3824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surprised,"After staying in Europe with this chain I was a bit disappointed in this particular hotel.  Staff were extremely helpful, however bed had to be the most uncomfortable I experienced in 3weeks of travel.  After one night we were given a change of room but not much difference.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,RUN DOWN ROOMS,"We stayed here on our friend's recommendation who moved to London and lives close by.  We are a Hilton Honors member and usually stay in Hiltons.  The rooms are very run down in the part that hasn't been remodeled. They took us to the 3rd floor first and I had a hard time staying more than a few minutes in our room.  The room was very small and the carpet was full of stains.  The tub and bed had hair on it. The furniture was old and the bed creaked.  I immediately called to have them clean the room.  The service was excellent but the condition of the rooms was not acceptable.  They finally moved us to the 7th floor which was remodeled. It was better but the furniture was chipped and the furnishing etc was not first quality materials for a Hilton. Also, our new room had a ceiling…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
3826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,fantastic!,Hilton is always 10/10 but I really enjoyed my stay at this particular one. Everything's perfect. No one would be disappointed. They don't charge for late check out and I checked out by 2 pm. Breakfast in the morning was room service and the food was IT! lovely meal. Would stay here again :).,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, could have been better","Good hotel, lounge was nice, breakfast was very good! Bed was comfortable but very small for two people. Shower screen had lots of mildue on it and the room was quite tired Bathroom door wouldn't close properly  Stayed in Holiday Inn at Bloomsbury the night before which was a much higher quality hotel which supprised me.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in good location.,"On arrival I was directed to a smoking room in a part of the hotel that was being refurbished-so looked a bit of a mess and stank like .  I am not a smoker so demanded a different room and was given an upgrade-bonus!  Bathroom a bit tired, but toiletries were quite nice and beds ultra comfortable.  Parking an absolute rip off but had I investigated further I would've parked around the corner for free.  Good location for tubes etc",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Appreciated the upgrades but if not for them...,This is your basic Hilton in a pretty good location in London. In the west end but close to Shepherds Bush tube stop in zone 3 and Holland Park in zone 2 (if you haven't been there you have to pay more for zone 3 tickets vs zone 2 tickets but is negligible difference). Holland Park is a bit of a chic residential area and Shepherds Bush is more working class so it was nice to get a bit of both worlds. The shopping centre at Shepherds Bush was really impressive as well with some great stores. Re: hotel -  We were given a twin room (my friend and I were spending a few days in London after going to Euro 2012) and it was a bit on the small side. Not the smallest I have seen in London but a bit smaller than the regular North American Hilton room. Construction was going on (some…,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good night's stay,"Very pleased with an upgrade to a large room with a view, all for just £100 on hotels.com",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great 2 nights here,Stayed here with my girlfriend for 2 nights june 2012.   Didn't have breakfast or drinks here so can't comment on that.  The room was very clean and comfortable and heating worked well.  Price was about £80 each night through hoteldirect.co.uk  2 minute walk from Shepards Bush tube station.  Would definitely recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great breakfast buffet, rooms need updating","We enjoyed the buffet breakast, which we paid for as a package when we booked on the Hilton website. The am/pm lounge had slow service, but was very convenient. All of the staff were friendly & helpful. We had adjoining rooms, and the twin room was more like the room of a 2.5 star hotel, the queen bed room was more 2 star. The lobby and outside facade was 2.5 quality. The hotel is in need of updating. The hotel is conveniently located near train & tube stations but I would probably stay somewhere else if I ever return to London.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, convenient location, reasonable prices","Having stayed at the Hilton London Kensington on a couple of occasions over the past few years and most recently in end January 2012; somehow, I never quite got round to reviewing it till now, but certainly think that it merits a thumbs up as an excellent option for anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced (by London standards), well-located, hotel accommodation.  Admittedly calling it the Hilton 'Kensington' itself is a bit of a stretch since it falls at what is probably the extreme end of the borough of Kensington (close to Shepard's Bush). In fact the chauffeur who drove me there from the airport on my first visit, cautioned me about making any plans to venture forth, west of the freeway that abuts the hotel and into Sheppard's Bush - ""a bit of a dodgy area"", he said. …",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel.,"Best bed in all of Britain! Very comfortable. Room was tiny, and was very tight with big suitcases. Breakfast was decent, though not incredible (in general breakfast buffets in England don't live up to American standards). Within a short walk of the tube station, which makes getting around easy.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel and worth every penny!,"I booked this through their website and got a great discount. Located in a nice shady neighborhood and was within a short walking distance to Sherperd Bush's tube station. The exterior looks dated but the room inside was clean, modern and nice. The only odd thing is that the TV was mounted (not extendable/adjustable) facing the side of the bed. Hence, watching TV in bed can give you a neck ache!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok but not value for money,I stayed here for a single night in a single room. The hotel is well located and the staff were excellent. I was up on the 5th floor which had an odd sort of gluey sealent smell and carpets had gaps along both walls in the corridor. Room/bathroom was ok bit on small side but was a single after all. Not value for money at £220 per night! Breakfast was the highlight in every detail - Excellent!! Would find somewhere cheaper next time probably novotel in hammersmith ,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My Hilton Kensington London Stay,"This hotel was warm and welcoming when I arrived. The staff were attentive and were able to answer all questions that I had. Checking in was very quick as not many checking people were doing so due to it being late in the night. If it was busy I am glad to see they had a Hilton Honors line. I found the concierge staff was extremely helpful and helped me with everything I needed. The London Underground is a short walk from the hotel and is only a couple of stops from the heart of London. I would certainly stay again.  Cons:           AM l PM Bar/Restaurant:  I had to wait 15 minutes after I ordered to be served only ice cream. Now the reason why I mentioned this is because it wasn't that busy. However, they corrected the mistake very professionally.          The Room: As I opened…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for a short break,"We stayed at this hotel at the end of jubilee week, it was very busy with quite a few different nationalities.  Our room was on the 6th floor it was a good size with a bath but being elderly we found the rubber mat in the bath slipped making it difficult to get out of the bath, also the bath was very narrow. Not a great problem as we used the shower the next time.  The hotel is in a good location, we travelled to the west end by bus as we were in no hurry and you see more of the sights than using the tube. Also with bus passes travel on busses is free for us. The breakfast was excellent catering for all appetites. The hotel staff were helpful and efficient.I would recommend this hotel my only gripe was not being able to check in until 3pm.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate,I used some Honours points to pay for this room my daughter was collecting her Volunteer uniform for the Olympics so we thought we would give Dad a day of peace on fathers day!! Checking was very swift as not many checking anyway and there is a HH line - our room was on the 6th floor - twin beds but very compact and the bathroom was even more compact.  But at the end of the day we only slept and showered in it so it did a job.  The worst thing for us after arriving at Kings Cross the Central line was down for maintenance so it made it hard work to get about especially when dragging your baggage with you but obviously not the hotels fault.  In between 2 tube stations Shepherds Bush and Holland Park we liked the Holland Park as there was a few little shops and restaurants although…,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location but Very Small Room,"This property is located  a few steps from a tube stop which makes it handy for exploring the city. The staff are friendly and helpful. However, the room was one of the smallest we have ever occupied. One had to turn sideways to walk between the bed and the television. Unlike most Hilton's, there was a shower, but no bath tub. Food and drinks were expensive. The hotel has WiFi but charges for its use. Not likely to stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Location and some extras,"Nice Hilton hotel that is really up to expected standards. Location is W11 can be considered somewhat out of central Londond, but its just a mere 10-15 mins ride direct by central line to all the places. Nice neighbourhood around with shops and restaurant. The hotel is midway between Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush tube stations (5 mins walk each). Across the street is the huge Westfield Shopping center with all the shops and restaurant you might want.  Hotel staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Worthing to mention for a London Hotel: the rooms are large compared to most of more central hotels. Not the first stay there and never have been disappointed.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hit & Miss,"We stayed at the Hilton in Kensington for a romanic night away for a big birthday and we were a bit disappointed. Paid £125 for a mystery hotel via Last Minute which we thought was a fair price to pay for a London hotel. Reception staff were either very helpful or very rude and miserable.  We had a standard double room which looked fine but as soon as we sat on the bed it moved 3 feet as it was on casters - called maintenence to try and lock the casters and went out for the day. Returned 6 hours later to find no-one had looked at the bed so my husband dutifully went back to reception, there was no way to stop the bed moving so after seeing another 2 rooms on the same floor where the rooms had the same problem (call me fussy but on a romamtic weekend away a rolling bed isnt…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Scary Small Shoebox,"having been to several london hotels, i am familiar with the smallish rooms you often find. but this....this is quite ridiculous. i checked into a ""double"" room which was, without question, the most amazingly cramped, claustophobic, miniscule jail cell i had ever seen.  regardless of what you may read, this was not at all ""typical size"" for london hotel rooms. if you had a decent-size bathtub here, well, you didn't have a standard double because... there IS no bathtub. i am fortunate to have been on my own on this stay, as this would have been totally unmanageable for two. seriously, i don't think i would be exagerating if i said this was... 170 sq ft or less? THAT is small. to enter, you push through a narrow passage. very low ceiling. closet: eight inches deep, then duck your…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
3844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay.,Has a great neighborhood around and close to the subway. High standards. Hilton's always great place to stay. Check rates online in the morning local time for best rates.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
3845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for tube - when central line not closed!,Specifically picked this hotel to be near Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush tube station but the Central line was out of action on this particular weekend! Tried to check in before 3 but no rooms available so left bags with concierge for the day. Unfortunately only one member of staff on when we returned and we had to re check in as they couldn't find original details! Not bad rooms for London and hotel very clean and fresh looking. Plenty of public transport nearby and good location for museums and Westfield. Would use again,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good experience,We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights (May 24 thru May 26) and was perfectly happy with the accommodations.  The room was of ample size and very clean.  The location of the hotel was excellent with bus transportation right at the front door and very close to the Shepard's Bush tube.  A ten minute walk to restaurants on the main street and also very close to Westfield Mall.  The staff could not have been nicer.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice staff but wouldn't stay again.,"We stayed here last weekend for 3 nights after getting a last minute deal on hotels.com. Room was tiny but clean and well equipped. There was a locked door leading to dirty balcony which I didn't mind but it rained the first two nights and the dripping noises were ridiculous (must have been a leak somewhere as the hall was damp and smelly). Brekkie was lovely, good selection. My main issues were around the organisation of things. We paid to use internet in business area but no working printers so had to eventually get staff to print. They offered us express checkout but it turned out they'd double charged us for meals and it took a while to sort. I left the hotel feeling tired and annoyed which wasn't an ideal ending to an otherwise fabulous weekend in London.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
3848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great weekend","We booked the Hilton Kensington through the Hilton website during the Januray sale offers. we planned to go to London to visit relatives who live in Holland park and this hotel was perfect for us. Staff were welcoming - we were upgraded, and friendly. The breakfast was delicious, and the hotel was very clean.  The nearest tube station was a 5 minute walk away. Our room at the front of the hotel overlooked a small park area, and busy road, but we were not disturbed by noise at all during our stay. The Westfield shopping centre was again a 5 minute walk away, as was the bus terminal which made central London easily accessible to us.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,First class,"I spent 4 days in London at this Hilton, and although it may not be central, you're right next to the fantastic Westfield shopping centre as well as superb tube, train and bus routes.  Staff were more than helpful, reception area and rooms are very modern and parking facilities are great (below the hotel, lots of spaces).  Access to the hotel is easy coming from the North or from West. Great for getting to Thorpe Park if you have kids, or underground takes 10 minutes to the centre and all the main London attractions. Just buy a cheap day trip card.  The breakfast was outrageous, anything and everything, except beer!!  I had a great time here and would definitely go back.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK stay,"Checkin was fast and friendly. Got upgraded to a deluxe room.  I had read at this forum that many people complained about the room size. However, deluxe room was spacious and no complaint from my side. Furniture was in relative good condition but negative were several cigarette burn marks.  WIFI was not free which is a big minus. I got mine free however due to being HH Gold member. WIFI was very good and probably the fastest I have ever experienced in a hotel. Very good !  Breakfast was standard Hilton being very good.  Hotel is not far from subway making it convenient to go all over London.  Utlized the fast checkout option with the promise of getting the receipt by email one hour later. Did not get if after one hour, but three. Still, this is no problem.  All in all a good…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stayed many times,"I've stayed here every year for more than 20 years and can say that this hotel is a good value in a decent location, especially if you are willing to hop on many frequent buses to/from the Holland Park tube station (Central Line).  Rooms are only London sized but tastefully renovated several years ago.  I’ve not encountered operational or cleanliness problems during my stays.  This is not the height of luxury or service, but the value is good and a comfortable stay is most likely.  There are multiple restaurants within a few blocks and mid-very high quality shopping at Westfield Mall.  The breakfasts are not particularly imaginative but there are plenty of pastries, fresh fruit and other fare.  Now that the close-by former Halcyon Hotel is closed, the rock stars are,…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for money and brilliant breakfast!,"Friendly and helpful staff, clean rooms with very comfortable beds and an outstanding choice for breakfast!  We booked this during the Hilton January Sale so paid less than a budget hotel!  Not in heart of Kensington but great for Westfield Shopping Centre and easy access for tube stations and bus stops. Rooms were quiet and all six of us enjoyed our stay.  I'd definitely return to this hotel if same offer was on.  Not sure I'd want to pay full rate - but I am a Scot!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant staff, effective location for me, a tad expensive- but that's London!","Friendly reception staff as I arrived late in the evening after a day flight from the US, took Heathrow express to Paddington, then cab over to this edge of Notting Hill.   AM-PM cafe food was fine with warm waitstaff, good housekeeping, and - I slept so well in the bed. Internet access was a staggering  �15 Sterling, which is surprising since most hotels offer that as an amenity like shampoo these days.  I must say TripAdvisor reviews of some of the smaller hotels in the area prompted me to spend the extra money for the Hilton assurance of quality in hospitality!",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel is a MAJOR disappointment!,"The only thing good I can say about this hotel is that the breakfast was good and bar area comfortable and pleasant. We spent 3 nights in this hotel and had to stay in 3 different rooms! One room move took place at 11pm! This hotel seems to have major plumbing problems.Toilet in second room didn't work; shower could not drain in third room. Although I am a Hilton Honors member, the only compensation we received for this fiasco was free breakfast. In fact, after having to move late in the evening, we were given a much lower grade room that was barely large enough for one person. You could not get out on both sides of the bed! Awful experience.  WE spoke to supervisors, clerks, and even the concierge. The most helpful person was the bellboy! He was even shocked at the room we were…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
3855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,not the best Hilton experience,"As a Hilton branch I had certain expectations. Went for a weekend with friends and stayed in a normal double room. The room was not very clean, as I found hair in several places, the windows were in horrible condition and the cover of the hotel's entry was full with garbage, which was really annoying as we were on the 1st floor with direct view of that cover. The room was also noisy as it is a busy street.  The bar is really small and lacks good service. The food was good, but we waited over 40 minutes just to order. As a Jameson drinker, Im pretty sure they did't serve me Jameson as I ordered. The supervisor was quite annoying, trying to impress all foreign guests with the few words of each language he could speak. Not the best sound for the whole bar, as he was a bit loud.…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
3856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a special birthday weekend,"My aunts, mum and myself have just been to the Hilton Kensington. We had the best time, the rooms were spotless and very nice, the staff were probably the best I have ever come across. They were so helpful and pleasant and it was my Aunts 50th and they definitely made her feel special. The  Westfield centre is just across from the hotel and has some great restaurants and bars and the shops were fab too.  If your thinking of going to this hotel, which I would recommend, if your taking the tube then Shepards Bush is the closest station, although the buses stop right outside so transport is really easy. A great hotel, lovely staff and fab location.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and staff,"Stayed for a couple of days whilst going to see a show and going to the Royal Albert Hall for a festival, found the hotel really nice and the staff were very friendly and helpful with all of our requests and enquiries.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below the standard Hilton,"I am a Hilton Honors member and have stayed in many Hiltons. This one is one of the worst. Upon entering the “double” room on the first floor, I wasn’t sure if I had walked into a hotel room or a doll house.  The room was barely large enough for one person.  The two of us had to keep moving our luggage just to make space to walk around the room.  This was my ninth trip to Europe so I am familiar with the size of European hotels.  I asked if there was a larger room available and was told that they typically like to book Hilton Honors members on the first or second floor, but there was a larger room available on the fourth floor that we could have.  I didn’t ask why they would book Hilton Honors members into the smallest room possible and keep the larger rooms for non-members. I…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
3859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Big rooms for London, not central but close to communication","Those who complain about the size of the rooms in Hilton Kensington must not have been to many London hotels, the standard rooms are very decent sized for that city, beds are big and comfortable and there´s a reasonably sized bathroom with bathtub. The hotel is quite large and the walk from the elevator to the room can be long and I can imagine the rooms facing  Holland Park Avenue are noisy due to traffic however ours was on 4th floor and away from the street and very silent. This hotel is indeed a bit remote, close to Royal Crescent towards the end of Holland Park Ave. but with walking distance to Holland Park and Shepherds Bush metro stations on the Central line you have direct connection to attractions from Marble Arch and the Theatre district (Tottenham Court Rd. station)…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel close to shopping,The hotel is lovely and just round the corner from westfields shopping centre. Great rooms and great service!,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It's okay but some minor details let it down.,"Stayed at the start of Jubilee weekend but for a concert and not the Jubilee. Had pre-paid so no fuss checking in but I disagree with directions. Holland Park is not the closest tube and I found Shepards Bush much more convenient. There is however a bus stop right outside with regular buses to Piccadilly. Room was on the 7th floor and was adequately sized. We had a balcony but no access to it, I presume for H&S reasons. The balcony area was in desperate need for some TLC though and let the room down. A lick of paint would have been sufficient. I also noticed the carpets in the corridors to my room were not the right size and looked unfinished on the edges. Overall it was just the little things but nothing major to put me off staying again.  My real disappointment was at leaving.…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very disappointed,"We stayed here twice this month. The first time, for one night, we were put in a room that was so small, we had to step over our suitcases everytime we moved. When I complained about this, they promised a better room for our next stay, which had already been booked for three nights. To their credit, they delivered on their promise. That's the end of the good news. I was appalled at the cost of the wifi. I believe it should have been free. Howevre, if they have to charge, at least it should work properly. It usually took me about three or four attempts to log on and then it kept  dropping out. Our outlook, on both occasions was onto a delighful area of refrigeration and air condition plants. The phone beside the bed didn't work. I was promised an express check out bill the night…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Jubilee weekend,The Kensington Hilton is in a good location it's close to the Westfield Mall and the Shepherd Bush Subway. Parking is under the hotel but expensive. I left my car for 10 minutes outside and got a £65 fine.It's by the start of the congestion zone. On a week day the Hilton Olympia is better. The rooms are small but an average size for London. They are refurbishing the 6th floor so ask for these from July12. The staff are helpful and friendly. The famous Cookes Pie n Mash shop is close by and worth a try to see what the Londoners eat.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Well located, nice staff,breakfast, executive lounge","After reading about the small size of some of the rooms, I elected to pay the quite reasonable upgrade fee and went for an executive suite. The room was large, with an extra sitting room with desk, second television and lounge.  The hotel is close to both Holland Park and Shepherds Bush underground stations, and the bus stops right out the front. The Westfield Shopping Centre is an easy 5 minute walk.  The staff at executive lounge were friendly and professional and the food and drinks there were great. The concierge arranged theatre tickets for me on 2 nights, and after I had had trouble getting a taxi back from the first night, he arranged a private transfer for me to the theatre on the second occasion. I was there for 8 nights total, over 2 separate visits in May, and after…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good hotel but expensive wifi,"Typical Hilton quality hotel but small room size, good breakfast but expensive. One of the most expensive hotel wifi, at £ 15.00 per day.  Good concierge in their advise on the tours etc. Near the Westfield Shopping mall, 5 min away. Honest housekeeping: My wife left her wedding ring when we left, the housekeeping were able to find it and send to my next destination hotel in Cologne. Had several fire alarms in the same day which turn out to be false alarms, but at least we know the alarm works.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Choice and Excellent Consierge Service,"I spent a lovely four nights at the Hilton Kensington.  It was my first time in London and it is in a fantastic location.  Holland Park is a lovely quiet suburb and it was nice not to be staying in central London.  The hotel is just a walk away from the Shepherds Bush and Holland Park tube stations and there is a bus which stops directly outside the hotel.  The consierge service was excellent.  For a first time traveler to London they explained exactly where I needed to go, what tube lines and what buses and helped me with maps, tourist attractions and arranging day tours.  I could not speak more highly of the gentlemen who man that desk.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Me and my son who is 10 went to London and the Hilton Kensington from May 26 to May 29. It was his 10th birthday gift.   We checked inn quickly at 2pm, and was very surprised when the hotel offered breakfast for both me and my son for £12 pr day. The breakfast was very good. The rooms were a bit small, but they were big enough for 2 persons. Underground station at Shepherds Bush was a couple of minutes away. Next to the Shepherds Bush the Weslake shopping mall was situated. It had all the shops you needed and more.  Also busses that drove into the City of London stopped right on the doorsteps of the hotel.  Staff of hotel was very polite and service minded. Overall a great weekend in London.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK I guess...,"My husband and I stayed here for one night only. The size of the room was above average to be in London. The reception area is really nice, but the room we were in was a bit tired. No major issue, but I was expecting more from a Hilton. There was absolutely no natural light in the room as we had a courtyard/brick wall view. The air conditioning was really noisy and didn't seem to do anything no matter which temperature we set it at. I was expecting more from the Hilton especially for the price they charge. I have been in nicer hotels in London for less, although the rooms were not as big.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Very Best Service,"I have had the joy of staying at this hotel a number of times.  The staff has been excellent and is the major reason I continue to return.  The rooms and comfortable and clean, and the beds sleep well.  The location is near 2 tube stops and near a major bus stop, so it is easy to get around from here through London.    I have stayed for both business and pleasure trips to London.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great choice,"I stayed at the Kensington Hilton over the weekend and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a very typically Hilton hotel, and needs to be in the Kensington area.  The hotel is well served by the tube, being close to Shepherds Bush and Holland Park stations.  I did some shopping at the excellent Westfield, caught the tube into Theatre Land, and saw a show which the excellent hotel concierge arranged for me, and on the Sunday I took a walk through beautiful Holland Park to the Kensington High Street for some shopping and lunch.  The rooms are on the small side, but are well appointed. The executive lounge is spacious, well stocked and the staff I dealt with in there were really professional.  Overall a good choice for anyone wanting to stay in this beautiful part of London.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"After reading a few negative views my wife and I were aprehensive about our two day stay last  weekend !8th to 20th May. We arrived around  midday and were checked into our room by a very friendly lady on the desk. we had a room on the third floor with a view of a roof and the other wings of the hotel but it didn't matter as we were not in the room for long.The room was very clean a little small but had tea and coffee making facilities and all the toiletries you require in the bathroom. The staff were very friendly all over the hotel,breakfast was excellent with a choice for everyone.ask the breakfast chef to make you an omelette(wonderful) fresh fruit and hot bacon etc, as well as rolls and toast. Well situated near bus and tube stops.If catching the tube get off at Shepherds…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Value, Location, Breakfast.....",Stayed here for the Heineken Cup Final last weekend and can only say nice things about this hotel. Yes the room was on the small side but we were not spending the weekend in the room. It was very clean and well supplied with tolietries and tea/coffee. Breakfast was very good...great selection of hot & cold foods...nice coffee. Great location..easy transport links & just 200-300 yds from The Westfield Centre. No doubt if I go to London again soon I will stay here.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant if you are staying in an executive room,"I was feeling a bit wary of staying in a London hotel, as they tend to be very impersonal.As we needed a twin room and as we booked online ,the only twin available was an executive room.We didn't realise until we arrived that this entitled us entry to the use of the executive lounge.This in fact made our stay a very pleasurable experience.You can have breakfast in the  lounge , soft drinks at any time, free internet via their 2 computers,read the newspapers, they even have a happy hour.In between the rush of London sight seeing it was perfect just to chill out there. The bedroom was very good too.Mineral water,tea/coffee,nice toiletries etc.We had a second floor room and it was quiet.The location of this hotel is very good, being close to Sheperds Bush tube station, and buses…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend stay,"We spent two nights at the hotel and from the minute we arrived we were made to feel like royalty. Nothing was too much for the staff - our needs were met whole-heartedly. We had a lovely lunch in the bar area whilst waiting for our room to be made ready in a lovely quiet spot (we were a little early for check in time), before spending the rest of the day in London sightseeing.  Our room was spotless, very large and very very comfortable.  After our busy days in London we had room service which was amazing - food was of  very high standard. The staff were very polite, friendly and very welcoming..  We have stayed in many Hilton hotels but this has been by far the best!!! We will definately be returning,  Thank you to all of the staff for our wonderful stay.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Acceptable, but definitely not top notch","We arrived at Paddington and took a short cab ride to this hotel. Was only 15 pounds. We could have taken the underground, since this hotel is situated just minutes from both Shepherd's Bush and Holland Ave stops on the Central line, but we had too much luggage. The lobby was nicely decorated. The check in was smooth and the staff was friendly. Our room was on the 6th floor, and although it was not rececently decorated, it was in very good shape. Just small by US standards, but I think you will find that throughout London. The bathroom and shower was nice. Better than some hotels I have stayed in throughout Europe. The breakfast was repeatitive every morning in the Exec lounge. The same every day. Service was good. The afternoon happy hours were nice, and again the staff did a…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,Stayed for 1 night during a business trip. Room is small and compact but sufficient. Toilet/shower is too much on the small size - ok for me as I am of medium Asian built but was challenging for my big western built colleague. Wifi connectivity was slightly unstable. At one point the system played up and informed me that the wifi time limit is up although it really wasn't - a bit annoying when you are working.  Executive lounge facility simple but good enough for a short stay. Cleanliness within the executive lounge can be improved as the floor around the food area was very sticky and gives a very dirty impression.  Excellent location - next to the huge Westfield shopping centre  Staff not very friendly and truly demonstrate to you that they did not want to be there through…,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Truly pathetic.,"Such a poor experience for a hotel franchise that prides itself on being high-quality.  We booked because of the location and because the exterior shots appeared to be those of an establishment that was well-kempt and relatively posh.  We came from Paris, where we stayed in a boutique hotel (Hotel La Belle Juliette) and the step down can't be underestimated.  It was depressing... so much so that I spent the first night avoiding the room altogether and scrummaging around a book shop on Holland Ave. just to delay the inevitable: sleeping in a room with two tiny beds - we'd been told we were getting two doubles - and hoping not to let the super-outdated decor affect my otherwise ecstatic European high.  The worst part was that our room, for whatever reason, was never able to access…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
3878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice little vacation,"The Hilton Kensington was nice a hotel but the location was not the greatest. There are a few places to eat nearby and the mall is also close by. The hotel is located on the outskirts of London, so you have to take the tube to get anywhere. The rooms were nice, the hotel needs some work. The shower curtains did not cover the whole shower and it was impossible for water not to spill onto the floor. There are no drains on the floor either. For some reason the tub is a few feet off the ground which makes it hard to get into, especially if you go in after somebody else because the floor will be wet. I nearly slipped getting out of the tub because the floor was all wet. Staff was friendly enough, nothing over the top.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, worn and in need of refurbishing","This Hilton while centrally located, is tired and worn. From the common areas to the rooms, the age of this hotel is showing. The staff are friendly, but somehow everyone I stay here there is always a new trainee checking me in without help from an experienced colleague. They are obviously nice and friendly, but on a couple of occasions struggled with processing me. Food in the restaurant is far too expensive and of a standard that is below the Hilton franchise. 30 GBP for what is on offer is really Over the top, and I found it to be bad. I wouldn't pay 5 GBP.  If you can make sure stay in a room that grants you lounge access, there the food is good.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
3880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay in London,Stayed at this hotel twice recently.  Also stayed there last year.  Nice comfortable rooms.  Good access to central line tube.  Will stay there again in the future.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay at Hilton,"One of the few trips to London to see Premier league games. Have already found out that typically in London you need 4 star hotel to get standard 3 star hotel compared rest of the Europe. However, I think Hilton London Kensington made a difference in this being very good 4 star hotel in every level whatsoever.  Location could be slightly better, but it's pretty decent walk to closest tube station, Holland Park.  Anyways, good value for money.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Executive Lounge,"I have visited this on both business and leisure. It has easy access to the tube network and is only a very short walk to Westfield shopping centre. I was upgraded to an executive room on this visit but could not tell the difference between this and a standard room. The jewel in the crown at this hotel is the executive lounge, it is located on the ground floor and is very spacious with a good snack and drink selection in the evening and the breakfast is almost as good as the main restaurant. Watch out as this hotel is not always in Hilton Hhonours quarterly promotions.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor service at Reception,Staff speaks far too fast to understand.  Incomplete ordered items in room service menu although card was filled for the items needed.  Instead was told that it was my mistake!!,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
3884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bad performance from Hilton,"When ever I book a room from Hilton I expect to get value for my money however this time it failed in several different areas.   Hotel building and lobby seemed quality and room was up to the standard, despite of beeing a bit old and worn. House cleaning forgot to give me new towels for the second day, yet they remember to take the dirty ones so I ended up having no towels after showers. Errare ist humanum. I can live with this.   But what I can't live with is the pretty arrogant and contemptuous behaviour of several persons within the hotel personnel. I didn't seem to get any reaction or proper response from doorman and concierge when arrived to the hotel and I was nearly thrown out from the hotel bar after 11pm as I didn't look like their standard customer (no suit but was…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
3885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Shepard's Bush,"Stayed here while attending an event in Earl's Court.  Having been to London more times than I care to remember, I would probably put this down as the worst place I've stayed in London.     It's name is Hilton Kensington, but really it's not, its at the very very edge of it and really it Shepard's Bush, which for those of you who don't know, isn't a very nice area, well at the very least it's not the posh West London/Nottinghill area you'd expect.  Having said that though Nottinghill is within walking distance as is the tube station (hope it doesn't rain) however we found it hard enough to get something to eat as it was so busy and it caters for the evening crowd much more so than the night crowd (only bars).    The hotel itself is dark and dated and not at all inviting.  …",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
3886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Definite signs of improvement,"After having had a really bad experience in this hotel, we bravely decided to revisit the hotel.  It was clear there had been a lot of attention to the training of staff from our previous visit.  Staff were much more attuned to the needs of guests and we enjoyed a very comfortable room and much better service in the lounges than we previously reported.  As before, the proximity to Shepherds Bush and Westfield is a huge plus for this hotel.    The hotel is always busy and seems to have a lot of airline crew checking in and out at all times.     Much happier than last time and we will be back soon",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best location for West london,"This hotel has provided a cosy room and bathroom ...no more. The location is ideal to get in and out of the city with minimum congestion.  Facilities aren't tooo many, but then the price isn't too much either. The staff are happy and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Worn down and expensive, but good location and friendly staff","We stayed here because we found a good offer if we payed in advance. That way we got to pay around £50 pp and night.   The room was in dire need of renovation. It really did not meet expectations. The ventilation/AC was a bit noisy, there was a weird smell of liniment/menthol by the bed, and the bed itself was uncomfortable and you could feel the springs through the matress.   Regarding food and beverage there was an offer of breakfast for £12 per day and person, instead of the £19 per day and person. IF purchased in one go. Paying £36 per person without knowing the standard of the breakfast is not going to happen, but on the other hand, even £12 seems a bit steep. We chose to spend our breakfast money elsewhere.   We once went for dinner at the in house restaurant. The ambience…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Room too warm, noisy if near lifts","I was here on business, so at least I wasn't paying. But for £210 a night (Corporate rate, it's possibly more expensive if you just walk in off the street though not sure) I expected better than a single bed in a tiny room.  Worst of all, the room was very warm despite setting the air conditioning appropriately. This was late April 2012 in London, at night it was dropping to roughly 10 Degs C, I imagine it would be even worse in summer.  Top tip, specifically state to reception that you want a room well away from the lifts, if your room number is x101 (x denoting floor number) then you're near the lifts, ask for a change before you go to your room. Breakfast starts early in this hotel (06:30 I think) so you'll get all the associated noise of people making their way to the lifts.…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay again.,The hotel's location to underground access was great.  The hotel was a little worn but had nice bedding and was very clean.  The staff was extremely kind and helpful.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable,"I spent a night in this hotel and it was my first visit there. I booked the stay using a combination of my Hilton honours points and cash, thus reducing  the cash I paid by 50%. At check in, the receptionist was very friendly, he upgraded my room and offered me discounts if I opted for breakfast and dinner. I opted for both and I must say that the breakfast buffet was absolutely fantastic and good value for money. I wasn't quite impressed with the dinner and was offered a different kind of meat than what was on the menu. I had no choice but to go for it.  The bed was very comfortable and overall, I liked the facilities in the room. I didn't need to use internet facilities so I cannot comment on that. I wouldn't mind staying here again",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great,"Went to the Ideal home show and booked in at the Hilton, best Hotel for miles arround. Food Very good,room good ,service good. Great place to stay.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would be happy to return,"The staff were friendly and helpful, the room, although compact was not lacking in any amenities and was spotlessly clean.  We stayed two nights and had breakfast in the hotel both mornings and it was excellent.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, reliable and great value","Having stayed in this hotel on many occasions over the years, the latest being  a couple of weeks ago, I have to say that pound for pound this is one of the best value hilton hotels in London. I really do not see what people have to complain about. I would agree that rooms are on the smaller side, but it is London and you surely do not spend much time in the room. Shepherds bush tube station is no more than 5 minutes walk, which included time to cross a road at pedestrian trafic lights, Holland park tube is a couple of minutes further in the opposite direction. I have always found the staff to be pleasant and helpful and the executive lounge is always well stocked and guests well catered for. They also treat all the guests of equal value whether you are a regular, a first timer,…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,More stressful than it needed to be.,"The location's a bit of a pain if you're on foot/tube, but doable. The room is comfortable--really nice beds--and the concierge was really nice and helpful. Other than that...meh. The rest of the staff seemed annoyed with everything. It's apparently impossible to have two laptops on the internet from the room at the same time (this might have changed since?)--for a business hotel, that seems like a poor way of running things. My travelling companion is a lecturer for a distance learning course and ended up having to teach her virtual class from the (pretty expensive) bar. There are some nice things about this hotel, but all in all it was just a lot more stressful than it should have been.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
3896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Failed to hit the spot,"I cannot help but think that my big mistake with this hotel was checking in very soon after the check in time had commenced...  I was greeted enthusiastically by the receptionist who advised that she would be upgrading my room. Great I thought. On arrival at the room, I was very un-impressed. Not just by the postage stamp size of the room, but also by the dreary view of the internal courtyard area and the sad, sad state of the poorly equipped, low quality and very tired bathroom fittings. I can only assumed that the promised upgrade was not available after all and I was instead given a room which was awaiting refurbishment. After an evening out, I was entertained over an extortionately priced nightcap by the barstaff's incompetent attempts to deal with a rowdy drunk who was…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
3897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"My boyfriend booked us in on Saturday as an anniversary surprise and I was quite pleased with his choice cosidering we were only going for drinks and a meal in Soho.   The hotel is very nice and clean when you first walk in. The staff were very nice, especially the man who has checked us out!  We had a double room which for us Brits was a nice size, especially being a hotel in London. The bathroom was small but clean and you get nice shampoo's and cleaning products to use. A nice selection of teas and coffee's.   Bad points are: 1) We were on the 7th floor and it was very noisy as you could hear the fans and the wind 2) the mini bar is extremely over priced. After dying of thirst and in need of a soft drink I paid £7 for two can of Diet Coke.  That is all really and these are…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay In Hilton Holland Park London,"What can I say? A expected the hotel was stunning, its location is great for transport links into the centre but quiet enough to be chilled. Stayed during recent good weather it was a brilliant long weekend made all the better by the quality of the hotel. As expected and more.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent staff, decent location, small rooms.","Having booked this hotel as a birthday treat for my partner I was very excited to spend the weekend there. However on approaching the hotel, I was disappointed by the exterior of the building as it very much looked like an office block and not what I had known other Hilton Hotels to look like. Nevertheless, this wasn't a serious issue and one which I could have forgotten if the inside had been more impressive. I found it to be dark and slightly old fashioned. I didn't enjoy the first impressive of it and hoped that it would grow on me but it didn't.  When we arrived to our room, we were shocked by how small it was. There was literally not enough room to walk comfortably around the bed. The room was constantly hot not matter what cooling techinques we tried such as leaving the…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NICE STAY OVERALL,"Just back from London.   Hotel public areas spacious.  Room small enough and quite bland.  We overlooked high buildings, so room was dark, which worked against us, when, on my first evening, investigating the room - I opened the ""fridge"".  I was going to put a bottle of water inside and removed a pack - it  was an ""emergency pack"" - containing plasters, aspirin and some 'personal' items!  I did not have need for any of it, so put it back.  Subsequently, on a disc sticker, I noticed that this was a mini bar with sensors and that anything removed had to be paid for.  The bill for this - £9+!!!  I did not even get to keep the pack, as I had replaced it and removingit again would set of f the sensor for another £9!!   I was going to say something at Reception, but did not, as they…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tough to fault,"Picked this place online, for two-night stay at Easter 2012, with zero knowledge and moderate expectations.  I was very pleasantly surprised. The room was small but I was given a free upgrade so king-size bed, bathrobes etc. The place was clean, nicely equipped and everything worked.  The place is well-run and the staff try hard to please (and smile).  Location is excellent - the tube (subway) and a huge, modern shopping mall are a short walk away.  What's not to like?",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel!,I stayed there for one night and the front desk staff was very friendly! The room was clean and beautiful! The only problem I saw is that the ceiling in the bathroom is not that high and tall people may have some difficulties if they want to take a shower... The room service was also very good but the food is quite expensive.,Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent hotel, great location, friendly staff","I have stayed at the Hilton Hotel Kensington 3 or 4 times over the last few years on business, mainly due to the convenience to my workplace on the Central line. As far as Hotels go it has decent  amenities including a small gym, good bar in lobby showing sports, but the rooms are in a need of a revamp are also very small. It is a good location for mine as it is very easy to get to the West End as tube is 5 min walk as is overland train. Staff are friendly and helpful, Westfield Mall is just across the road (which is absolutely fantastic for shopping and food), Shepherds Bush green has a few pubs which are fine (can be a little dodgy round there late at night but not much to worry about). Would I stay there with a family – no as the rooms are too small but for one or a couple…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, reflected in the pricing","This was a mediocre experience, but the hotel was cheap, so I guess it was in line with what we paid (by London's expensive standards).  However, we had all kinds of ridiculous problems, the kind which should never happen at a professionally run hotel.  We were first allotted a room that was not ready, the bed had not been made.  They sorted that out quickly enough, got us a new room, offered us complimentary drinks at the bar, which we declined (we were way too tired after a 11 hr flight, drinks were the last thing on our mind, especially when traveling with a 2 year old). But it's the thought that counts.  The room was ridiculously small, but refer to what I said about the price (you get what you pay for!).  I did need to use the internet, despite the 14.99 GBP price tag.  The…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
3905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for shopping at the Westfield Centre,"Just returned following a 3-day/2-night break at the Hilton Kensington with my 12-year old daughter; wanted to share the travel side more than the hotel itself.  Check in and out was pretty straight forward and not too long a wait, considering it was over the Easter period.  The hotel rooms are quite small but clean. Only gripe I have really with the hotel is the bedroom door slamming! Prices for breakfast, drinks/coffees/food very expensive but there is a Waitrose and an M & S 5-min walk away from the hotel; handy if you dont want to pay the big prices; however there is space in the fridge in your room so good for keeping fruit/drinks cool.  We travelled from Gatwick and purchased a travel card; cost £35.00 (1adult & 1child) for the whole 3-days, includes trains/tubes and…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Need Renovation Inside","The hotel resides at a very convient location. There is a big shopping mall 5 minutes away from the hotel and there was a very nice grocery at the entrance of the mall. The name of the mall is called Westfield and the grocery store is called Waitrose. You will find everything from the grocery and it is a much better way to buy grocery instead of dining out every meal. At the entrence of the hotel, there are three bus routes pass the front door. To west they take you to the Sheppard Bush tube station, which you can also choose to walk over; to east they take you down to the Kensington Garden and the Hyde Park.   The interior of the hotel room is not so impressive. The ceiling is a little low, carpet definitely needs to be replaced, the bathtub is placed too high from the floor,…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"booked with my wife on location as we were at the albert hall two nights(watching not performing unfortunately)nothing of note from the outside but very modern inside very attentive staff from the front door onwards.room size and what you get seems about standard across london small but not tiny and to a good finish,didnt use wifi as i was having a break from such things.location its one long road from oxford street,5 minutes to the tube and lots of buses its quite a pleasant walk if your not in a hurry plenty shops on route......nice indian restaurant over the road,next to a greek one we didnt try and a short walk from there a local pub.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"This hotel is very close to my office in London, so for proximity, I'd rate it 5 stars.  Its downhill after that.  The rooms are dark and TINY.  The only decent sized rooms are the King bed rooms that face the street.  Only the Indian food is edible there, i orderded a steak there once and it was the most awful thing i had ever eaten.  Wi-fi is free only in the hotel lobby and 15 pounds in the room!",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
3909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Everything is nice but the wi-fi price,"We are a young couple, first time in London, who looked for a hotel well located near a metro station (Tube) and not too expensive. Our objective was mainly touristic.  We found Hilton at Kensington. Near Tube station, near a major mall in London (Westfield) , affordable prices, great comfort.  Indeed, the hotel is great, friendly staff, attentive, and quick responding. At first, we stayed at a very small room, but upon request, they’ve changed us to a regular size room, along the second day. The breakfast is not included, costs 12 pounds and definitively worth it. I recommend. We do 2 meals per day during touristic travels. Negative point: wi-fi is way expensive, unbelievably expensive to be honest: 15 pounds for every 24 hours whether you use it or not. Detail: in general,…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value,"My wife and I stayed at the Hilton in March. We took advantage of the only early booking special, and for a package deal including breakfast, you just can't beat the price. The hotel would be similar to any other typical Hilton property in NA.   The room was spacious; however, needs a bit updating. For example, from the floor of the washroom going up to the top of the tub, instead of your standard tile, they had put in a white wooden board; otherwise, the rest of the room was decent. The bed itself is a bit on the soft side, likely needs a bit of updating as well.  In terms of location, it's about a 5 minute walk to Westfield Mall, which is the nearest Underground station. We found it was actually more convenient to talk the bus back to the hotel, as there bus stops directly in…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, if you pay the right price","The Hilton, Kensington (in reality between Shepherds Bush and Holland Park) is my default hotel when in London on business. It isn't the nicest, by a country mile, but it is of an acceptable standard. the rooms can be small, the Internet can be flaky and the beds are definitely not the most comfortable in the world. However, the price is normally half what hotels 5 minutes closer to the centre of London on the underground will charge.  Therefore I put up with the little flaws and my firm pockets the difference. Be aware, however, that at certain times of the year, when events are on in West London, the price for a room can skyrocket from £130 to £250. At less than £150 the little foibles are nothing more than slight annoyances; at £250 this hotel would be a waste of money.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Just stayed here for a 2 night trip and thought the hotel was excellent. We booked an inter connecting room as we had 2 children aged 3 & 6 and the rooms were just right. The staff we're extremely friendly and helpful and the breakfast the best I've had in a city centre hotel. Location is ideal for the tube and if you like trendy little bars / restaurants you can walk 5 mins up Holland Park Avenue towards Notting Hill Gate. I would recommend the food at pizza express, Notting HIll Gate, outstanding. Well done Hilton.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"rexcelent hotel , super helpfull staff","great hotel , friendly staff , and close to bus and tube station and ofcourse westfield mall.. only minus is the beds ... they crack and sqeeck wits each movement and not as soft as other hiltons we've visited around the world ...",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thank your for the lovely hospitality,"We arrived before 3 pm (official check in time) but were accommodated immediately. We had requested a quiet room & were very happy over the 3 days.  Quiet & clean plus it was possible to open the window so the room was fresh & airy.  Very clean, top quality bed linen.  Duck down duvet & a selection of pillows - different thicknesses.  Kettle provided with an excellent selection of tea, herbal teas & coffee.  Top quality beauty products in the bathroom - shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, shower hat & bar of soap. Hot water available at all times.  Large selection of snacks & drink in the mini fridge.  Easily accessible power points.  We did not eat in the hotel as £12 (concession) is expensive for breakfast.  We ate in O'Neill's pub up the road.  Delicious, well priced food. The…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent all round stay!,"Arrived on Friday afternoon and was offered a free upgrade by very friendly and efficient reception staff as we were celebrating - excellent start! The rooms were clean, well decorated and very comfortable, as were the public araes of the hotel. Saturday morning started very abruptly at 06:15 due to the fire alarm being activated by a fault, this was dealt with very well by management and staff, after which we enjoyed an early breakfast. The entire weekend was excellent, enhanced by the friendly, efficient and polite staff throughout the whole of the hotel, nothing was too much trouble and all staff appeared to be genuinely helpful.  We will not hesitate to use the Kensington Hilton on future visits to London.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant weekend stay,"I stayed at this hotel 24-25th March with my family. We were at London to see Phantom of the Opera.  We arrived at Kings Cross station and got the underground to Sheperds Bush, the hotel was a short walk across the road from the underground. The hotel was really nice, it was impressive in the foyer very modern looking. The staff on check in were very friendly, we were earlier than the check in time and all our three rooms were not ready but two of them were so we were able to leave our things in the room early. The room were lovely, tea /coffee, biscuits, hairdryer, toiletries in the bathroom, everything you could need! We ordered the breakfast buffet £12 for the next morning and we were not disappointed, it had a good range of food for everyone. Cereals,fruit,every type of…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service. . .,"Stayed at this location for a week and would stay again.  Check-in was efficient.  My room was not yet available and I was provided a key to wait in the executive lounge.  My room was available shortly thereafter and I found it to be a decent size for London.  Comfortable bed and pillows and good size bathroom.  I was at the end of the hall, so my wi-fi reception was fairly poor, but worked wonderfully in the executive lounge.  Workout room has newer cardio equipment that was well functioning.  Hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the Shepards Bush underground station, which is on the central line.  You can also walk from the Holland Park stop, but it is more of a 7-10 minute walk.  Westfield Mall is also about 5 minutes away and provides a variety of food options.  The bus lines…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Some good things, some not so good. Read on ....","Okay, I have to be fair here. This hotel, for central London, is not expensive by Hilton standards. You get what you pay for. On checking in, we had to wait for about 15 minutes as there was only 1 person on the desk and there were people in front of us. It was not a particularly busy time of day (7pm). We had previously requested a quiet room, high up, away from road noise, not near the lifts/ice machine (we stay in hotels a lot and this is our standard request!). The room were were shown into stank of paint. And I mean stank. The windows were not open and it was unbearable. We were advised it had been recently renovated. So we asked to be moved to a similar room which had no paint fumes. Our second room overlooked the street (the first one looked onto the inside area of the…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
3919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, Reasonably priced hotel...","We recently stayed at The Hilton London Kensington for 3 days in March. The hotel is located within walking distance to the Central line tube (subway) station at Sheperd's Bush or nearby bus lines can take you to Notting Hill or Hyde Park. There is a Westfield shopping center mall around the corner with tons of shops, restaurants, grocery stores, and currency exchange locations. The rooms are fairly small but nice. We didn't have the best plumbing in our room, but not sure if that's how the hotel was or London in general. The hotel amenities were nice: bar, fitness center, sauna and steam room. The concierge was VERY helpful with any questions we had regarding travel and tours which you can book at the hotel. We did not order the breakfast for 18 pounds because we felt it was…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Maybe I've been spoilt, but not last Saturday","Booked ahead on a 'package' for a one night stay with my daughter. Arrived to check in at 3.40pm. Reception desk deserted except for one member of staff at the 'Hilton Honors' set aside. Waited for attention and was pipped to the desk by another guest as a member of the reception team glided into position and attended to him.  Waited a short while and then checked in. I wondered why a phone call from reception (to I presume housekeeping) was necessary? Check in from 3pm - rooms should be ready, right? I had booked a twin room and found I had a double bed with camp bed 'at foot' (well it is Spring) which looked precarious enough to have just been birthed. We touched nothing and went back down to reception where I asked for a twin room i.e.a room with twin beds of equal size. This…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
3921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Top quality and easily accessible by public transport,"Everything you would expect from a Hilton. If you are arriving by tube then go to Shepherds Bush not Holland Park, it's MUCH closer. It's on quite a busy road so if you are a light sleeper it's worth asking for a room at the back. Very busy for breakfast in the main dining room at the weekend so be prepared to queue if you are later than 8.30am. Lovely casual dining venue/ cafe/ bar as well as main restaurant. Good Executive Lounge if you are a HHonors member, with free alcoholic drinks 6pm til 9pm and delicious snacks. Very close (easy, flat walking distance) to Westfield shopping centre so might come back for shopping later in the year!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Unforgettable stay,"It was perfect stay of 7 nights in this hotel. Personnel is very friendly. Service is amazing, rooms are clean and comfortable. Bar in the lobby is open 24 hours and staff is very friendly and polite. Location is comfortable, bus stop is just in front of the hotel. Tube stations is in 5 minute walk. Westfield mall is great place to do shopping and relax; and it is just in 5 min walk distance from the hotel.  94 goes directly to Piccadilly Circus via Oxford Circus, and 148 takes you directly to Westminister, BigBen, Victoria.... I will stay in this hotel again during my next trip to London.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very nice,"Stayed here for a weekend visit. Really enjoyed it. Very nice rooms, very comfortable and really clean. Very nice area and close to tube and bus stops etc. Huge mall just across the road. Very good concierge desk, really helpful telling us which tube, bus etc. Excellent stay,thanks to Hilton.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really nice hotel!,"Amazing service, nice & clean hotel, stylish reception area, well equipped gym, good breakfast, cleaning staff that greets you in the hallway, close to bus & train. All in all, an excellent choice in London!",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,The rooms are very comfortable. Wide variety of food and drinks for breakfast. Wi-Fi stations. Excellant Bar area. Very friendly service. Located near two tube stations and very large mall.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice...what you'd expect from Hilton,"This is a very nice hotel, and exactly what you'd expect from Hilton.  It is very near the new Westfield Mall and O2, but little else.  There is a tube station across the street as well as many bus stops near by.  As with most European hotels, the rooms at this hotel are very small.  Don't expect to be able to get more than 2 people in a room...and even that will be tight.  My only negative comment is about the price and quality of the wireless internet.  It is VERY expensive and relatively slow.  But again, that is what you would expect from a Hilton.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,class,"got treated for my anniversary & it was a lovely hotel the room was very nice & the bed was comfortable,bathroom was ok overall a nice & pleasant hotel.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant hotel that is exactly what you'd expect,"This pleasant Hilton hotel is exactly what you'd expect. The bedrooms are small, neutrally decorated and the bed and pillows were really comfortable. The bathroom was clean, with good products and soft towels. The breakfast was good, with everything you'd expect and the waiting staff friendly and helpful. We stayed there over a weekend so had the inevitable noisy group coming to bed late along the corridor but once they were in their rooms you couldn't hear them. The location is really good for the Westfield Shopping Centre, Notting Hill, Holland Park and Kensington with bus stops straight into Oxford Street just over the road.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No Guinness on St Patrick's Day!,"The Kensington Hilton ( which is really in Shepherds Bush) is a typical Hilton offering . Perfectly satisfactory rooms , pleasant attentive staff and all much as it should be. However Ireland were playing England at twickenham AND it was Paddy's day and the Guinness ran out at lunchtime - furthermore they didnt even ""borrow"" a couple of kegs for the evening sesssion - they certainly havent endeared themselves with the ""rugger crowd"" and the Irish!",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
3930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel Kensington,"We stayed here as going to a gig at Shepherds Bush O2,good location for here and Westfields shopping centre. Speedy check in and friendly staff. Room was quite small but ok for overnight stay and very clean, had everything you need although check the prices of the mini bar as very expensive.  Breakfast was really good although did not eat any other meals as like all London hotels very expensive and plenty of good places nearby.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another Good Stay,"Stayed in the hotel from 10th - 13th.    I arrived at 3pm and checked into my room.  My room was looking towards the back and had a connecting door to another room, which I do not like.  I kindly asked to be moved to the front, and reception kindly agreed.   A few names drops who deserve top marks and are a credit to Hilton ... B Deane, Huanita, Melanie Exec Lounge and Bar Staff ... Top marks !!   My room was facing the front onto the main road .. I actually prefer these rooms as they feel more spacious compared the others.  There is a little road noise, but I do not mind.   Excellent communication links for the Central line at Shepherds Bush,   This is now my 4th stay at this Hilton since Oct 11, and I can honestly highly recommend it.     I would stay more often, if they could…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Possibly the worst Hilton I've stayed in ...,"I had to change my room twice. The lights in my first room had a buzzing sound and very quickly became annoying. In my second room, the air con wasn't working, and they insisted to have the engineer take a look first before finally agreeing to change. When I got into my third room, I got a call asking if all was okay (which is nice), though she then told me they've upgraded my room. I replied saying that was difficult to believe as this room had (a) no temperature control for the air-con, (b) a phone with no speaker function, which was terribly inconvenient as I was there for business and had quite a few conference calls to make in the room, (c) no room slippers provided, (d) no complimentary mineral water provided. The hotel was at least nice enough to acknowledge and made up…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
3933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Not in the center, you have to take a tube to get there. The rooms are clean and spacious. The beds are comfortable. Nearest pub- 10 min walk",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent weekend value hotel,"Hilton has a weekend special that is valid also on Sunday nights, which made it possible for us to book this hotel at a little over 70 pounds (incredible when many other decent central London hotels are hard to find under 200 pounds...)  My son and I drove into London after a football match up north and used the hotel parking garage at 30 pounds per 24 hours. The room was neat and up-to-date, all very nice. Stayed at this hotel about three years ago, and then only a few rooms were renovated. Seems like they have gone over most over the rooms by now.   Breakfast was not included in our rate, but added this for 12 pounds per person, not a bad price compared to what some hotels charge. Excellent breakfast with a wide variety.   On Sunday afternoon we wanted to watch a Man Utd game…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant Stay, Convenient Location","This hotel is comfortable and conveniently located in the Holland Park area of London.  It is an easy walk to the Holland Park and Notting Hill Gate tube stops and the 24 hour # 94 Bus stops in front (runs down to Piccadilly via Oxford Circus). Staff is professional and helpful and the hotel is clean, with adequate hot water, good water pressure and heat/air conditioning. Request a room at the back of the hotel if you are a light sleeper as the front rooms overlook Holland Park Road with heavily traffic/police/ambulance noises almost all the time.  The rooms are insulated but you still hear some street noise and sirens.   The decor is the usual beige Hilton look - soothing and understated. There is a health club that is servicable.  On site restaurants are ok - would recommend…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a Weekend Stay,"Located in Holland Park, on the outside fringe of Kensington, this hotel is a taxi or bus ride from all London attractions.  That said, it was a pleasant stay, particularly due to the staff.  Anna at the reception desk, Victoria in charge of breakfast were only two of the staff who unfailingly displayed courtesy and smiles beyond the call of duty warming a corporate hotel with their humanity.    Otherwise the hotel and room services were classic Hilton: reliable, pleasant, everything worked as it was meant to.  The room size was typical London business size, with an excellent bed.  Like all chains, Hilton rely on the sale of extras to boost their profit lines; wifi is a whopping £15 a day, room service and fridge drinks aren't cheap. Let the buyer beware.  I will come back to…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not very good,"Dated room, small bathroom. TV is mounted on the wall at 90 degrees to the bed, so you can't actually see it. Limited hanging space in the closet.  Black mold on the shower curtain. Gross!  Front desk staff were excellent but the room wasn't great.",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
3938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,my stay @ Hilton Kensington /,"I am a regular client of the hotel, business and pleasure. Perfect Location Nice Lobby and the rooms are very clean and comfortable. People very friendly, and always try to help you @ any time. The executive Room is small, and get full very easy.  All people in the reception very Nice but particularly,  Ask for Vikky in the Reception.  She is very pleasant professional, and will sort out all your requests, and takes care of all your future reservations and make sure that your present stay is just so relax you feel really @ home.Bravo to her. and I am sure she will continue give such an excellent and hight quality service Group of Companies",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, comfortable room and friendly service","I'm a regular visitor to the Kensington Hilton and my last stay, for pleasure rather than business, didn't disappoint. A good warm welcome and room upgrade set the tone for a successful weekend. The room was small compared to US or Middle East hotels but had recently been refurbished and was clean and smart. No complaints whatsoever. Ideal for Holland Park and the new Westfield shopping centre.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great weekend base,Booked this online in advance - seriously good value given where it is. If you're in the Hilton Honours Programme (which is free) you also stand the chance of an upgrade!  Had a lovely time,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,practical but very marginal if you expect Hilton,"Location is great as is between Holland Park and S. Bush tube stations and Kenginston / Holland Park is super nice neighborhood.   The room was as clean as eyes can see except that we found an egg under the bed - supposedly previous customer left it there and never got discovered by housekeeping... so... didn't clean under the bed ?   the bed was extremely small for 2 and every tiniest movement you make the bed screams noises. Bathroom very very small, luckily i am XS myself but if you are like from the netherlands you will have to bend your neck literally to take a shower.   air conditioning would only give hot air so room was a sauna when we entered.  good points was that window was open-able, also that it was very quiet as our window faced the back (not the road) so could…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
3942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thanks to Jamie on reception!,"I had booked 2 prepaid rooms for the weekend of the 25th Feb to celbrate my 30th birthday. Jamie on reception was great, he upgraded us and was very patient when yet again we wanted to change our room. It was also a really nice surprise to come back to the room after shopping to find a very tasty birthday cake and a bottle of champagne! thank you very much. The hotel is very decent with clean rooms. Very close to Westfield Shopping Centre and to the tube. Had a great stay.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny rooms n nightmare shower,"This is the smallest Hilton room I ever stayed in..the shower is horrible,it's so small that I can't turn around n will bump into every latch n handle..  this is a 2 star budget hotel charging a 4 star price :(",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
3944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,treated like royalty - lovely hotel,"Sorry for the delay, but had to write a belated review for this great hotel.  Took my daughter for her 23rd birthday 2-3rd January 2012.  Came from the mdlands and arrived a couple of hours early, but our room was ready and check in was smooth and quick.  Only had a basic room, but was very clean and tidy for two adults.  Mainly booked the hotel for my daughter to go shopping at the new Westfield Shopping centre, which by foot is about a ten minute walk.  There are excellent train/tube facilities  gettig to hotel/shopping, as well as bus and taxi's/  When we returned from shopping, my daughter mentioned it was her birthday and from then we were treated even more like royalty.  There was a special deal at the hotel restaurant.  Food was excellet, my daughter had fish for main and…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Much Improved!,"We had a disappointing stay here in May last year, my review of 11 May 2011 refers. The hotel contacted us via Trip Advisor and kindly offered a complimentary one night's stay to compensate us which we accepted last weekend 24 - 26 February 2012.  This time around things were much better. We were met on arrival by the Front Office Manager, a young man called Sjors, who was most helpful with our booking. The room was ready on arrival at 10.00am and we were upgraded to an executive room. Complimentary bathrobes, water and cakes were also supplied. This time the room was excellent with everything working perfectly and a bed that did not squeak!  Breakfast was excellent in the morning and we were seated immediately. Staff seemed to be doing a much bette job of keeping the buffet…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfectly situated for Retail therapy!,Our Eurostar journey from Brussels to London was somewhat longer than expected with unplanned tunnel works and no electricity at the St Pancras station when we arrived... but we managed to get the tube the Hotel and I couldn't believe that i had never stayed at this perfectly situated Hilton before (particularly since it is a 2min walk to Westfields!)  We got to the hotel after 11 with the hopes of just dropping off our bags and doing some shopping - but Patience at the Reservation desk managed to get us access to our Suite already (which had a sitting room with a sleeper bed.... very convenient as this trip was supposed to be a romantic weekend away - but due to unforeseen circumstances became a girls shopping weekend... and there were 3 of us now!). I must admit that Patience…,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"The rooms are always clean, warm and well equipped.","We've stayed here a few times and always had a good time. The rooms are always clean, warm and well equipped. Its about a 5 minute walk to Westfield in one direction and about the same to Holland Park tube in the other.  We will definately stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Good Hotel For Shopping and Spa,"This hotel has a good feel to it. Attentive staff, pleasant bar and around five minute's walk to Westfield Shopping Centre. This hotel is just a few minutes walk from KWest Hotel which has excellent spa facilities. So if you cannot get a good room rate at KWest, stay at the Kensington Hilton! There is also a men's hairdresser/barber across the road - very useful for a trim and not expensive.  If you have luggage and are taking the underground use the Holland Park tube station: it has a lift and it is flat walking to the hotel. Shepherd's Bush, on the other hand, has no lift and there are steps and a huge roundabout between it and the hotel.  I would recommend this hotel for couples and friends, as well as solo travelers like myself. Though there were also many business people…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good service with friendly staff,"We'd read some of the reviews before going & were a bit worried. However, we found the hotel to be very good. We stayed for 3 nights. The rooms were nice & clean. The breakfast was excellent & the staff attentive. We'd adjoining rooms which worked out well for our family of 5. The hotel is a 5 min walk from Shepherds Bush underground or 10 mins from Holland Park (which is a nice area to visit).",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"We tend to stay at Hilton Kensington 2-3 times a year as it is convenient for shopping and tube stations (5 minutes walk from Westfield Shopping Centre and tube).  Our last stay was 4-6 February. Rooms I find tend to be fairly small especially the bathroom.  Always tend to request a separate bath and shower in the bathroom as these are a little larger.  Only niggle we find, is that the reservation staff do not look at 'special requests' on booking and we always have to bring these to their attention upon checking-in.  Breakfast is ok.  I would say probably middle of the road as far as Hilton Hotels are concerned.  Previously we have had room service breakfast however after our last stay (end of 2011), we will not be doing this again as each day each breakfast was incorrect and…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Engagement Treat,"We stayed in the Hilton for a lovely weekend break during mid-term. We had a lovely stay here and would definitely recommend this hotel. The rooms were very reasonably priced for London. On arrival we were greeted by a very friendly receptionist and check in was very fast and efficient.  We went up to our room (which was upgraded to an executive room free of charge!) and were thrilled to see some delicious muffins, a bottle of wine and towels in the shape of loveheart swans on our bed. It was a great treat for our engagement. On top of this, when we arrived back in that night the hotel had provided us with more muffins on a decorated plate and a bottle of prossecco. What a treat!!  Our room was perfect for the 3-night stay and we got a great nights sleep each night. The hotel is…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Multiples stays...always AWESOME,"I've stayed at this hotel many times in the past and once again getting ready to stay there again next week.  I do look around before booking.  But my heart always returns to the Hilton London Kensington.  The hotel itself is located between two major tube stations (Shepherds Bush and Notting HIll Gate).  I usually chose the Notting Hill gate..it's a bit further away (2 minutes or so longer), but the walk is beautiful and Notting Hill as a whole is amazing. However, the Shepherds Bush station is closer and just as nice.  I usually fly in on the red eye from the US (sometimes from the East; Singapore, Hong Kong, or Australia) so feeling tired and groggy after a long flight is never good, but the staff really pampers you with positive energy and makes you feel at ease.  They…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Fantastic hotel and location.  Room was compact and very clean, with a bath.  Breakfast the following day was brilliant.  Wide selection of hot food, great breakfast room.  Not much cold buffet available for those looking for this e.g. cold hams, cold fish, Scandinavian style.  But plenty fruit, cereals, bread and great service from the staff.  Also a chef there to cook an omelette to your order in front of you.     I found the reception staff excellent also.  We had our bags looked after the day we checked out until we returned in the evening.  Over all I thought this hotel was great.  Room was not massive, but everything in the room and comfy and clean.  Stayed in the Hilton Hyde Park last year, but preferred this Hilton Kensington, from the reception area, breakfast and room.…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, attentive staff, handy location","I always stay here when visiting London as it has very high standards, whilst not being overpriced as is common in London. It is also only a short walk from the Tube and local amenities. The staff are spot on. Even when very busy the reception service is excellent and always very polite. The lounge bar is stylish and welcoming. The rooms are spotless and well appointed. Totally recommended, a credit to the Hilton group.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
3955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton near Olympia and new Westfield Mall,"Typical Hilton Hotel. The location is good for the Olympia Exhibition Centre and for the new Westfield Mall. Breakfast and food at the bar are OK. The personnel are friendly and helpful. Rooms are rather small and the wardrobe is really funny; it's about 0,5m deep with ironing board, iron, etc already inside, so good luck trying to find space for clothes!  It is conveniently located for transport and to walk to Hyde Park or Kensington Gardens. I will return there on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
3956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderfull 40th Birthday,"Our stay here was a surprise by my partner for my 40th birthday. On arrival we were upgraded to an executive room which to my surprise had a 'cake' made from a tower of towels and an assortment of cakes on a slate and a bottle of wine !!  The room was excellently appointed , if a little small , but there was everything there that we needed for our night's stay , we had complimentary access to the executive lounge which served drinks and snacks during the evening and breakfast the following day . The staff really made my stay there an occasion and hopefully we will be going back . The location is excellent with Westfield shopping centre accross the road and London a short tube ride away",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love this Hilton,"One of my favourite hotels in London. Short trip on underground out of London to Holland Park or Shephard Bush. Check-in always super fast. Free wifi for honours members. Executive lounge very good, staff always very pleasant and attentive. Room reasonable size and good for London. I would prefer a shower unit, rather than bath/shower. Water pressure is not too good, but ok! Gym could be larger, but new and good selection of equipment. Good sauna and steam room.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,"one of my favourite hotels in London. great reception, good lobby area and snack bar restaurant good location good, near underground and shops.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Take the good with the bad,"Just checked out this morning.  The property was pretty typical of other Hiltons in the area - rooms were okay (not great), executive lounge was fine, food was decent.  The biggest complaint was that the internet was completely unreliable so if you need to be connected, this is not the place for you.  I spoke to the manager and she was completely sympathetic and apologized profusely.  Apparently they have just switched over to BTOpenzone and are having (ahem) challenges.  The manager was very customer service focused so I give her credit for trying to make it right; however, it seems the issue is beyond their control (for now).",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
3960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Value & Comfort in London,"While not in the centre of all the activity of Central London, this is an easily accesible property to most of what London has to offer at a more reasonable price compared to hotels more centrally located.  This hotel is along a main thoroughfare for buses (the bus stops in front of the hotel) and a few blocks away from the gleaming new Shepherds Bush underground and overground stations, as well as a new coach/bus station.  A stone's throw away is the brand new Westfield London shopping centre with loads of upscale shops and plenty of dining options.  This hotel is close enough, yet far enough away from all the noise and excitement that makes London such a vibrant city.  I always enjoy a great night's sleep here and the service is impeccable!  Shepherds Bush has come a long way…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location and exellent beds!,"I was a bit sceptical about this hotel concidering the mixed reviews here. Luckily most of the negative reviews were put to shame Stayed at this hotel over the weekend. As a Hilton gold member I was happy to be upgraded to a de luxe room. The room looked modern, and was nicely decorated. The beds were fantastic, and the bathroom had a nice assortment of soap and shampoo. The location is very good. Approx a 2 minute walk from Sheperd's bush tube station.  The service from the Front Office staff was, sadly, a bit whitdrawn. First of all they struggled in finding my booking, and the man behind the desk looked like he wanted to be elsewhere.  I was also a bit surprised that none from the Front Office asked how my stay was when I checked out. Especially since they always have…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2 quiet days in London,"The hotel was great.  Good price because I booked it with HH Honors weekend rate.  The room was spacious and clean, very quiet and a comfortable bed.  I did not use the ammenities because I was visiting friends on Holland Avenue but everthing else about it was just great.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thank you Hilton Kensington,"My husband, son and myself stayed in this hotel last year for a couple of nights and had a very pleasant stay in a lovely room, so we booked for my mum and Dad to stay here for 2 nights on 3rd and 4th Feb for my mums birthday. They have come home absolutely raving about their stay. In my mum's own words ""they had been given and incredible room, the staff were amazingly friendly and helpful and to top it all they arrived back in their room after a day out to find a complimentary bottle of champagne and some lovely cakes for her birthday""  I would like to thank all the Hilton staff who made my mums birthday stay one that she will never forget. We definitely recommend staying here, and will be back ourselves in the future.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent Stay but Nothing Special,"Stayed at the Hilton London Kensington on business. The hotel is conveniently placed near to a tube station. The reception and bars are smart enough and the bar staff know how to mix a damn fine Mojito. The room was pretty decent but lacked any style and was beginning to look it could do with a renovation. The same could be said for the bathroom which was in need of a spruce up. I had a decent nights sleep, so it can,t be faulted on that score. If you are looking for a bit of sparkle, you may need to look elsewhere.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
3965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Watch the telephone rates,"I agree with the positive reviews.  This hotel is a good value for its location.  However, the buyer should beware before making any telephone calls.  This hotel has some very high--but ""easy to understand"" --telephone rates. (Their words, not mine)  Even ""free"" calls are £3.15 per call and £3.15 per minute.  See the attached photo for more phone rate details.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One of the Better Hilton in London and just 10mins walk to Westfield Lond,I drove to London and park at Hilton underground parking.The room was recently refurbished with nice interior. Since it's just one night stay i dont have much time to explore the hotel. This hotel is suitable for those planning to spend lots of time in Westfield London and still close to London .The room is bit small but that's quite standard for rest of London.It's  prefect for my short trip.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
3967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than we expected!,"I normally travel with my family and stay in 5 Star resorts, so on my first trip overseas with my boyfriend I was a little hesitant to stay in anything less. We got a decent deal through our travel agent for the Hilton Kensington and seeing the HIlton name pop up on his list of possibilities I jumped at it straight away, knowing that with a chain name like hilton usually you can't go wrong. And we were actually pleasently surprised.  The hotel is nice and close to the Shepard's bush tube station which is a pretty good spot to start. Nice and close to the brand new Westfield (less than 100m away) so if you want to shop you can, also lots of buses go from the large bus terminal there (although we stuck to the tube mostly).  The lobby is decent. We arrived at about 8pm, jet lagged…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,poor rooms and rotten bed,Spent last night in this poor quality Hilton hotel.My room was cold the heating didnt work properly the was really noisey and falling apart ! The bathroom was tatty and not that clean .There was no free bottled water and they wanted nearly £4 for a bottle.They couldnt move my room so I speant a crap nights sleep and wont be going back!,Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
3969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wakeup,"The biggest positives of the hotel is that it is located near the underground and that many of the tour companies picked you up from the hotel directly.  However, there were several negatives:  1.  On the last day we were there, they did not provide us with a wake up call when we had an early morning flight.  When we spoke to other guests, they indicated that they did not receive their wake up call either, or that it was two to three hours late.  2.  Room service was unaware of the ingredients of the items.  Due to an allergy, I asked about the ingredients and I was told that they did not know and that we needed to ask the chef.  When I finally ordered the chicken, I was asked if I wanted it medium rare.  3.  While not dirty, the sheets were stained.  4.  Although, we ordered a…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Peace & comfort,"I have stayed at the Kensington Hilton many times, and have been fortunate to have enjoyed many peaceful and comfortable nights. Awaking refreshed!",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average rooms","hotel is located near to huge shopping mall westfield. There are also buses in front of the hotel to take you to oxford and bayswater. rooms are average. having stayed at the hotel more than 3 times, i found leftover food in the fridge by previous occupant on 3 occasions.. :( i think housekeeping needs improvement.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
3972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Functional with very average rooms but it does have pleasant staff,An average hotel with no real atmosphere. Nothing much going for it but hard to say anything in particular is wrong. It is just averge throughout.,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
3973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great hotel with everything needed to visit any part of London.  Westfield is right on yourdoorstep and as the nearest tube station is shepherds bush, on the central line, London and the west end are easily accessible.  Had a slight issue which had been created by the Hilton reservations team, but the staff at the hotel were exceptional and the facilities were first class.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a good experience,"I stayed at Hilton for 2 nights as a treat for my boyfriends birthday. Upon arrival, it looked lovely and very welcoming, the staff were nice. Once we got into our room, i was extremely disapointed, the room and the bathroom are very small. The TV was a good size but the signalling was terrible so the programmes were quite grain to watch.  The water from the bathroom kept leaking into the floor which made it very unpleasant to walk around the room.  My boyfriend used the hair dyer provided in the room  and we had various members of staff calling and conistently coming to the door to tell us that if he did not stop, they would have to evacuate the building due to the steam coming off the hairdryer. I felt that was very uneccessary considering they knew it was a hairdryer and not…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No surprises from a Hilton,"Nothing wrong with this Hilton, it was totally as expected.  Clean, tidy, a bit tired and frayed round the edges but gerenally a good hotel. Don't book this expecting to be near to a busy hub though.  Whilst Shepherds Bush is basically across the road, apart from the shopping centre (which is the same as any other towns) there is a lack of restaurants and bars within easy reach. We were happy to catch a tube to other places but just make sure you are expecting that!",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice staff but pricey for what it is","Have stayed five times in the past seven years always the second week in January for a week each time.  The staff are generally nice and helpful, concierge and bar staff being particularly friendly and helpful. The hotel is also conveniently located a stone throw from the central line and within walking distance of Nottingham Hill and Portebello Road. Also is opposite Westfield mall.  My stay has been for business as the hotel is a 15 minute walk from Olympia but due to its good location I'd recommend a leisure stay of you aren't planning on being on the hotel slot and just want it as a base. The rooms aren't bad but typically London, small and dated bathrooms. Drainage always amusing!  Breakfast is good and room service decent enough. ",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"This hotel is well located, close to an underground station and a huge mall. The hall and bar are nice. The rooms and aisle are very tiny and the cleaning wasn't so good. Considering the options in London (most expensive and with old rooms) this option was OK, but for sure you will find better hotels, if you want to spend more.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not very happy this time,"I have stayed in the hotel on various occasions in the past and my experience keeps getting worse.  It is unfortunate because I like the location and the design of the rooms.  So first the reception. There always seems to be one too little agents at the desk, and they are ok at performing the cimple tasks of check-in and check out, however are not very well trained in problem solving. They seem disinterested (and I spoke to multiple people) and not very eager to help. Unfortunately I have the feeling they are not even able to help, be it due to internal procedures or lack of training.  The room service menu is quite limited if you are staying for more than 2 nights. The service is efficient though I would advice the male staff to refrain from complimenting female guests while…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Major disappointment.,"It is supposedly a 4 star hotel but there is really nothing 4 star about the place at all. You may think you sound rather grand when you tell people you are staying at the Hilton South Kensington but in reality, you are staying in a place that has unfriendly staff at the front desk - and in my case, a real small room with no good size window for ventilation and awful air conditioning.  Please don't think when you start ticking boxes when making the reservation - for example that you would like non feather bed linens - that they will take any notice. You'll probably find that they haven't and when you ask for the non feather linens to be brought to your room they will arrive unmade and you will have to make up the duvet etc., yourselves!  In the heat.  And the restaurant - oh my…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
3980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,London Hilton,"Hotel very well located in Kensington, well connected by bus and a few minutes walking from the Underground station. Quiet and elegant area.  Rooms not too large but  acceptable, clean and comfortable. Coffee/tea maker available in the room.  Staff very friendly and helpful. Largest London Shopping Mall a few minutes away, as well as good pubs. I will certainly use it again.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Below average,"I stayed for two nights in this hotel. The room on the 5th floor showed that there have been a lot of visitors here. The matress on the bed also tells you so. Worn and tired. I found it standard accomodation having the clear marks on it of a busy hotel.  Breakfast was disappointing. The fact that extra supplies of pancakes were filled in with bare hands, that the lid from the coffee machine fell on the ground and was immediately put back, without any cleaning and that the orange juice container was refilled from large plastic containers did not add to the atmosphere. Disappointing over all.",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
3982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"My best friend and I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington during December 2011. It was a bit difficult to get to because of the tube strike. We had to take the Heathrow bus 18 pounds per person one way to Paddington station and then a taxi, 16 pounds to the hotel. The Shepherds bush tube is within the Westfield shopping centre which is approximately a 2min walk from the hotel. The Original bus tour company has a pickup right outside the hotel, the T6 purple connector bus, which drops u off at Marble Arch.  The rooms are very nice, good size, clean, beds were very comfortable and bathroom was of a good size.  The breakfasts were really nice, wide variety and good quality. The concierge Anthony, and Mehdi, as well as the gentleman at Reception Usam, were all very helpful,…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Surpassing my expectations,"At the time of writing, this hotel is ranked as number 266 out of 1070 listed. My own experience from the hotel makes me think 'wow, there must be a heap of amazing hotels in London!'  For my second visit to Europe's number one city in terms of popularity, I chose this one after two previous excellent Hilton experiences in combination with a great pre-purchase offer. I alwasys consider my own value for money when reviewing hotels. I award high ratings to hotels which at least match or surpass my expectations. And this one definitely surpassed my expectations! Check-in was a breeze - I was greeted by a very courteous lady who accepted me in the red-carpeted Hhonors side of the desk (I don't remember her name but judging from her accent she may have been German-speaking), and I…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quiet and good location,"Stayed for  a week early Jan 2012.  The rooms are smallish, but it is Europe- the room was well appointed, quiet, clean, even if a bit dated.  The hotel has an adequate gym and locker room, but bring coins for the lockers.  The breakfast was very very good, a bit pricey, but everything was top quality and the staff will bring anything you desire.  The bar and coffe shop are fine too, with decent coffee available 24hrs.  The concierge staff are great, they can ofer tour advice, and can arrange pretty much anything.  The cheesy tour on/off bus is across the street from the hotel, but for a day or two tour on and off the bus, it is well worth the money.  The hotel is about a 10-min walk from the Holland St tube station on the Central line and gives super easy access to all of the…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dingy and Disorganized,"My husband and I requested a nonsmoking room and were initially assigned a room filled with the fresh smell of smoke.  We called the front desk for a change and spoke to a very nice customer service rep who said someone from the concierge desk would be up directly to escort us to a new room.    One half hour and another phone call later we went down to the front desk and had to collect the new keys ourselves.  We were assigned to a fresh-smelling room and as an apology were given 2 small bottles of still water for our inconvenience.  However, we had to return to the front desk to request toilet paper and additional towels since our phones did not work when we first arrived (they were connected relatively quickly).  The carpeting in BOTH of the rooms was dingy all over and in…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good location,we mentioned during booking that we were on honeymoon and i think we were offered a free upgrade as room was rather big. great breakfast spread though it was getting dull especially when we stayed 7 days. conveniently located near shepherd's bush underground station and the huge westfield shopping centre. some staff can be rather rude. or perhaps we come from different culture and i find them rude. was overcharged by approximate 150GBP during check out. paid for it as i wasn't sure and staff insisted i didn't pay full amount when i book via booking.com. only managed to resolve when i return to my country and confirm with my email records.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a nice neighborhood,"The Hilton Kensington is a clean, reasonably priced hotel in a nice area and within walking distance to Hyde Park.  For those who like to walk it is close enough that a 1/2 - 1 hour walk can get you to central London.    The hotel is clean and seems to be improved through additional remodeling each time I visit.  Dining is so-so, but for HHONORS members they have a nice executive lounge.    The rooms are reasonable in size for London, and the workout facility is good if a bit hidden.  Good equipment most of it reasonably new.    The location is good to get to Heathrow and some airline flight crews stay there as well.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington? No. Shepherd's Bush? Yes.,"London is all about ------- the traveller. No tax included. Etc. This hotel is LITERALLY the last building in Kensington. Even the claim of Holland Park as closest tube station is wide of the mark. Nevertheless, this is a well-located hotel, as it is as Shepherd's Bush. Nothing wrong with that these days, now that BBC has moved to Manchester. Decor is dated and rooms could be more comfortable for the price, but it is a clean, relatively modern place to stay if your journey is west London based. More then one airline uses this hotel for their cabin crew, so they must be getting a good price. NOTE: I have never eaten here, in 6 stays. Why would you when there are so many options in easy reach/",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Very Average to Below Average,"The only thing I can say this hotel has going for it is that it is within walking distance to the Westfield Shopping Centre in Shepherd's Bush.  Actually I would say this hotel is more in Shepherd's Bush area than Kensington.  The real heart of Kensington is actually quite far.  The room was sort of cleaned however cleanliness was not consistent.  One of the towels had this dark stain on it and the bathroom was dirty.  WHen we checked in we were offered to have a GBP12 charge for their buffet breakfast.  Well we went once and then cancelled the rest of the breakfasts for our stay.  First of all, the dining room was badly tended.  There were tables that had obviously been vacated for some time and they were still left dirty.  I asked the chef at the buffet stand who was cooking…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,far away from the underground,Opposite of a bus-stop. Great place to stay if you are on your way to Oxford the next day. Very nice staff. Room was spacious and bed was very comfortable. I had a nice rest there. But it was further from Portebello mkt than I was originally led to believe.,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Stayed here over the new year period. Really enjoyed our stay. Check in was extremely slow and receptionist was quite rude, but we were made to feel welcome by the rest of the staff. The hotel is clean and modern. We booked 2 rooms and one was upgraded. The difference in rooms is obvious as the standard room was alot smaller and had a shower rather than bath, but it was clean and comfortable all the same. We did not eat at the hotel so cannot comment on the food. Sheherds bush tube station is straight accross the road next to the westfield shopping centre and the central line takes you straight into oxford circus. Would recommend and stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,"it was our base for London, total 5 nights in October 2011. The hotel is very nice, great location just 5 minutes walk to tube and the bus stop is right in front of the hotel. 2 main bus routes take us right to Oxford street while the other route to Big Ben. Also the sightseeing bus stop is opposite the hotel. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. Our room is nice and comfortable. Definitely would go back to stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Room was clean and spacious for single occupancy.  Location is good.  Overground and underground are just across the street.  There is a big shopping Mall, Westfield, nearby with lots of restaurants.  Buffet breakfast has a wide varieties of food for selection.  If I go to London again, I will stay in this hotel again because it is good value for money.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Suitable for one night business trip,"Location was perfect, breakfast was good but glad we only had an overnight bag with us as I dont know where there would have been space for anything else - basically there was not space in the bedroom to 'swing a cat' even a sliding door on the bathroom as there would have been no room to open a door ! not enough room for two people to walk past each other the end of the bed",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"We (my wife and I) spent four nights in this hotel. Rooms are rather small, but clean and smartly organized. The hotel is very close to Westfield shopping center (great shopping opportunities). This is not a centrally located hotel, but is well served by bus or tube. We got a good online deal, so it was good value.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"During my 3 nights stay, the service has been top notch, problems were solved swiftly by the hotel staff, which always showed courtesy and kindness. The wifi connection (BT openzone) in my room was poor and the reception desk staff accepted with no hesitation my request to reimburse the voucher cost, twice: not something you find everywhere. Rooms are nice and clean, beds extremely comfortable. It is totally worth the price paid.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Our family arrived early and were excellently looked after by Guiliana who arranged connecting rooms.     Rooms are small but comfortable and well equipped.    Safe in each room.       Quite a bit of corridor noise gets in.       Rates are good value for London.       100 meter walk to Westfield shopping centre.      Bus 94 to Oxford Street, Picadilly stops at the door.        Overall a good value place to stay with helpful reception.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,ery Good Moderate Price Hotel,"Stayed for a week in mid December. Standard twin. The hotel is in a very nice neighbourhood located right on a bus line and between 2 tube stations, Holland Park (approx 10 min walk) and Shepherds Bush (approx 7 min walk). From Heathrow need to go to a hub line and change to the central line, about 45 min. By cab to Heathrow runs about 55 pounds. Lots of good eating spots and pubs in the neighbourhood and by the mall in Shepherds Bush. There is a Tesco and Starbucks near by so breakie, snacks and a quick coffee was never a problem. Food and coffee in the hotel was a bit ridiculously priced considering the quality. Checkin was smooth, the staff friendly and room clean/comfortable. Room size as with most in London is on the smaller side. Had a room on an upper floor in front and…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for Shopping and 02 Shepherds bush.,"Have stayed in this hotel on a number of occasions and no really bad comments to report. As a large well established group, Hilton have all the usual ammenities, comfortable and quiet rooms (we were on the third floor facing the main road) and during am rush hour no real noise issues apart from the odd siren. Usual mini bar 24hr room service TV wi-fi, although must comment TV picture quality was poor so we opted to listen to the radio for news. Bed comfy and bedding spotlessly clean. Plenty of tea/coffee making facilities in room.  We choose this location because of it close proximity to shepherds bush 02 and it is within walking distance of this venue but also westfield shopping centre. Eating experience for us was limited to bar snacks, although very nice also very expensive.…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location for Seeing London at a reasonable price,Located close to the Underground system with easy access to all Tourist locations this is a good quality hotel at a reasonable (for London ) price. Rooms were clean-ask for a quiet room away from the road which can be noisy with police sirens etc Concierge desk was knowledgeable and helpful-parking very expensive and you dont really want a car in London. We stayed here twice in December and found everything worked and helpful staff so we would stay again,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We always choose The Kensington Hilton,"We always stay at the Kensington Hilton when visiting family and friends in London. We have come to love the hotel and always look forward to our next stay. The rooms are always extremely comfortable and impeccably clean, as are the bathrooms. The service from all of the hotel's staff is superb; nothing is ever too much trouble. The location is perfect. Everything is within easy reach either on foot or by public transport. Some of the best shopping, theatres, museums and parks are virtually on the doorstep.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
4002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,It’s a Hilton with a decent overnight price,"Our stay was for two nights in this hotel. After reading reviews of other travelers we followed advice and asked for renovated room. Not sure if we got one, but it did face the park across the street as other reviews stated. The room had everything we needed, and was comfortable for two nights. All hotel staff we encountered were nice, and we were able to leave our bags prior to checking in and after we checked out. The location however wasn’t the best for us. We spent more time in Shepherds Bush Train Station then the hotel. Westfield Shopping Centre (at Shepherds Bush Station) is walking distance from the hotel, and has lots of restaurants with outside tables. Within walking distance as well is Portobello Road Market. (About a 25min walk) It’s a good way to spend a Sunday…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
4003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for shopping lovers!,"We recently spent a week-end at the Hilton Kensington and we really enjoyed it. It's perfectly located for Westfield Shopping Center and the service we received was outstanding. We had a room on the 7th floor, which we loved as it had a fantastic view of London. The room was big enough and the bed very comfortable, however the bathroom was quite small and we had to do a little dance to move around. Breakfast was the typical Hilton breakfast with plenty to choose from and all nice and fresh. We also ate in the restaurant in the evening and had a positive experience. The Executive Lounge is well stocked up and the staff is very friendly. A special 'Thank you' goes to Lola, the Guest Relations Manager, who was very professional and extremely helpful. Other mentions go to Charlene…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
4004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ridiculous,"Hotel parking is a fortune,£32.00 per night.  The food is expensive and poor quality , my bill came to £18.00 just for a tuna panini and chips with a drink.  They charge a fortune for the internet when really it should be free considering the price of the hotels.   Breakfast is good quality though ",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
4005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better inside than it looks on the outside!,"My husband and I recently had a weekend London break and stayed in this hotel.  As we approached it, we thought that externally it looked a bit dated and shabby but once we were inside we were pleasantly surprised.  The room was spacious, clean and comfortable and though we could hear the London traffic it was not too intrusive.  The breakfast buffet selection was excellent though the queue to get a table on the Sunday morning was a bit irksome.  Getting out of bed and standing in the cold in the wee small hours of a winter morning due to a (false!) fire alarm was not fun but guess better to be safe than sorry.  There is a bit of a walk to/from the nearest tube station which with suitcases is a bit of a drag but interesting to window shop en route and plenty of buses to catch,…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"More like a Holiday Inn, with outrageous internet charges","This Hilton hotel is more like a run-of- the-mill Holiday Inn than any Hilton I have stayed in.  It's an ugly brick building on the outside, more like a barracks than a hotel, and quite incongruous in a neighourhood of handsome older period homes. Inside, the lobby area and bar seem more promising, but the rooms and bathrooms are small, drab, and long overdue for a refurbishment.  They are comfortable enough, but not up to normal Hilton standards.    The mini bar is one of those infuriating new ones, designed for the convenience of management rather than guests, that charges your room if you so much as touch an item out of curiosity.   Don't dine at the hotel unless cost is no object -- you can eat far better, and much cheaper, at any of the many restaurants you will find if you…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
4007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"This is the second time I have stayed here this year and learning from my previous experience asked for a room away from the lifts.  As a result I was put as far as way as possible, so it was a longer walk but was lovely and quiet.  Rooms here are not huge but comfortable enough for an overnight stay.  Was impressed how quickly a long queue was dealt with when we checked in - very efficient front desk staff.  Location remains the top benefit to this hotel.  Tube station close by, bus routes outside and Westfield less than five minutes walk away.  I picked up a great rate for this hotel in the Hilton sale, which made the stay even better.  If Hilton is too corporate for you the K West is better, but this Hilton is a decent hotel.  Would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel stay,"The Kensigton Hilton has become my preffered London Hotel. This is due to the avereage rooms rates which are more copmetitive then the very central hotel. Now I know how to use the buses, it is really convenient as well as having Shepards Bush tube station within 5 minutes walk. I do not use the restaurant so I cannot comment, but the Executive Lounge is excellent.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,a little far far away. Acceptable only if you leave in few days.,"Honestly, in London never you are far from the spots. But, this Hotel is located in a nice area of london, quiet and elegant. The hotel? standard. Good guest services, expensive wifi, the lobby is crowded. Rooms standards. May be the cleaning service is not the best. I get a good price using priceline. Only one night.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
4010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Modern, friendly, good value","Very goodexperience, stayed 1 night for conference. Modern, clean and comfortable room, good size bath, very friendly and helpful staff everywhere. Breakfeast was good choice and quality. Minor critics were I was asked if I wanted a newspaper in the morning, never arrived (but could also have been that someone else nicked it), so cannot blame the hotel for that.  Why not excellent - well the minibar was a disappointment, it was one of those new modern ones where you as soon as you open it get charged for it and no good choice, no wine.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for money (short stay),"Rooms: smallish but confortable (good for short stays), equipped with all comfort needed (decent showerroom, airco, ...) Reception desk: I checked in at 23:00 and was welcomed very friendly, got all information I needed. Check-in went fluently. Breakfast: excellent and friendly staff around (nromally 22 GBP but when I opted for it at check-in, it was 12 GBP) Public areas: roomy and relaxing, classic atmosphere, not overcrowded. Dinner: I haven't have any there Location: in the less expensive areas of London (I paid 107 GBP + 21 GBP taxes, which were not mentioned when I had booked). Subway: within 5 - 10 minutes walking",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Loud, noisy, poor service and cramped - Stay away if you have other options in the area.","Upon arrival I was disappointed to find that the service from the Australian receptionist was so poor. After paying for my full stay beforehand, £50 was taken/reserved from my credit card as soon as I arrived, 'in case I used room service', I was told. I don't mind this happening if it's a standard procedure, but the receptionist decided not to inform me of this when taking my credit card. She proceeded to tell me that 'all hotels do this' and that 'I should know that' - well, none that I've stayed at before, and no, I didn't know that. She showed little respect when I politely asked for an explanation and did not like apologising (after a 5 minute discussion).   There were quite horrible yellow stains on the carpet in my small room, the bathroom was in need of refurbishing, and…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
4013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good choice,"Staff very efficient and friendly. Rooms very clean, good bathroom and bed comfortable. Excellent location near many restaurants and near Westfield shopping centre. Two warnings: you are not in the Kensington area (just in case you wanted to be there) second warning : the congestion fee;, as you come out of the parking, the cameras are facing you, we forgot about the congestion fee and got a fine waiting for us at home!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,SHORT BUSINESS TRIP - OK,"Room was pretty good - clean, tidy, big enough for a one night stay.  Hotel is in a good location to get to some of the better restaurants, etc.  One thing you've got to be careful with - the car park is under the hotel and the ramp down is at a very steep angle and it's very narrow too - take it easy......or you'll be sorry.  Obviously a ridiculous £ 30.00 overnight fee for parking, which when taken with the London Congestion Charge is simply taking the mickey - presumably they're oblivious to the fact that times are much harder for everyone right now.  The bar is ok-ish - a little cold for my liking and not particularly comfortable - modern seating and that's hard on your bum.  Service is pretty good although it did seem to me that the ladies were getting served faster and…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
4015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and great location,"Arrived at reception and was checked in by Carolina who was helpful, efficient, friendly and smiling.   Not a case of ""oh no, not another guest"".   Concierge(s) were excellent.   Just about knew everything about London from train services and bus numbers to theatre details.  We left our car in the car park there for our stay and travelled by train, bus and taxis.   Standard room quite small but had everything one could wish for and spotlessly clean. Have stayed at the Ken Hilton before and would definitely return again and recommend.  Location is excellent and considering where it is, we heard no noise from traffic or other guests. Last time we came we were allowed to bring our little dog with us but now apparently they are not allowed.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
4016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, a little far from the center and somewhat dated","We've spent several nights at the Hilton during a mixed business/ leisure trip. The hotel is located at some distance from the city center (Oxford st. Piccadilly) which meant a 5 minutes’ walk to the nearest station and at least 15 minutes Tube ride. The hotel is somewhat old-fashioned, the lobby and hallways giving the feeling of an older hotel while the rooms were smallish and not in tip top condition (bathroom with some stains, etc.). On the plus side it was very clean, and it was only a short walk to the Westfield shopping mall- one of the largest of its kind in Europe, which offered multiple dining and shopping options.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
4017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good stay for a couple days' business trip to London,"Quick cab ride from Paddington.  Quick Walk to two Tube Stops.  Bar service OK.  Fish and Chips just fair.  Room was clean and modern, if small.  I found customer service to be just fine.  Given my Hilton status, i thought free WIFI would have been included, but it was not.  Checkout was straightforward, an they had a cab waiting for me when I needed it.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a sunday evening relax,"Went to the london hilton kensington last night for dinner on a groupon voucher. Good food, nice ambience and great happy, helpful staff made for a very pleasant sunday evening unwind. Bar and restaurant airy and light with a hint of intimacy made for a lovely evening with my beloved. No gourmet or gastro fare, just good food at a good price courtesy of our groupon voucher. Would definitely reccomend. Only regret was not booking a room and having to drive back across London to get to a bed.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
4019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Thus hotel is a gem in London we are regular visitors and, what makes it stand out is the warmth,professionalism and friendliness of the staff especially the bar staff and concierge team well done to all of you for making our stay so enjoyable despite being part of a large chain you really do feel like you 'arrive as guests and leave as friends!",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
4020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, nice location, staff could be better","The hotel location, set-up and rooms are nice and clean. However, one other point to note is that the room I stayed in, while modern, was very small. The staff at reception and concierge were unpleasant and didn't seem too enthused to have my custom or the custom of others. To be fair the staff in the restaurant for breakfast were very friendly and helpful. I would stay at this hotel again though.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
4021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disaster of a check in,"After flying in from Australia we arrived to find that they had given up two single beds instead of the double we had paid for. We went to reception and they offered us another room, when we went in there, we found that people were asleep on the bed, We went down to reception hoping for third time lucky, We eventually got our double bed, but it was the smallest room I have ever stayed in, both my wife and i couldnt walk between the bed and the side wall.  That being said they gave us a free dinner for our inconvience which was delicious.  That is why i give the service mark a 4, sure they stuffed up, but they were apologetic tried to fix it and they were generous giving us a free dinner voucher",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
4022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Hilton,"We are Hilton Honors members and were disappointed with  this Hilton. Check in was fine and we had booked an executive room, our room was lovely and well within usual Hilton standards, the executive lounge however was disappointing, it looked tired and unloved and probably in need of refurbishment. We used the restaurant on our first evening and meal was nice but not amazing and the service could have been better. Breakfast on both mornings of our stay was a bit chaotic. On both Saturday and Sunday the queue for breakfast as 8.30am was unacceptable. The service was not up to the usual Hilton standard, the staff looked unhappy and they were obviously shortstaffed. The breakfast cereals area was messy and although the full english breakfast was ok the plates were cold and…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
4023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service and courtesy beyond the ordinary,"Great location (Shepherd's Bush), great shopping (Westfield mall etc.) Close to public transport - buses and subway with easy access to Kensington High Street, Notting Hill, Hyde Park, Oxford Street etc. Newly reburbished, comfortable rooms and staff who really go out of their way to make your stay as pleasant as possible. But...you have to pay for WiFi (GBP15/24hrs)",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
4024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable Conference Hotel,"My visit on a Saturday in November 2011 was for a one day business meeting for about 40 delegates, some of whom did stay overnight. Our room was well lit,although we had some problems achieving a satisfactory temperature. The staff we encountered were helpful and friendly, and the refreshments in the room were replaced during the lunch break.  The lunch itself was a sit down buffet, with  reasonable range of menu choices.  The hotel is not very close to either Holland Park or Shepherds Bush Central line Underground Stations; the latter is probably the nearest, despite what the hotel reception may advise.   I cannot advise on the value for money or costs, as I was only a delegate, not the organiser of the meeting.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms. But Excellent service,The staff could not have been more professional. Great service. But the rooms are in need of a spruce up. Tired is the best word to describe this hotel. Food is good. Breakfast is fine,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
4026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,impressed by the hotel,"I stayed at Hilton London Kensington about a month ago. Spent several days there was impressed by the hotel. Clean, well-appointed rooms with modern fixtures, though not very large. Nice restaurants, cosy business center. Staff was friendly and polite. Would stay there again when I return to London.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
4027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice place,"A very nice hotel close to the Westfield shopping paradise at Sheperd's Bush, London. Friendly staff, the am/pm bar service nice snacks and the hotel is comfortable. somtimes a bit expensive though, but in general, if you are in time good rates are available.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Business Hotel,"Great business Hotel convenient to all locations around London. Westfield is only 5mins away walking. There are great restaurants close to the hotel in Holland Park and Notting Hill is close by which has even more places to eat. Cant rave enough about the Location of this hotel.  The only let down at this hotel is that some staff are extremely rude, (Diamond Status means nothing to some staff)  watch out for the receptionist in the Executive  Lounge not pleasant at all any request seems like she takes it personally. The bell man was also rude, he did not help with our luggage it seems it was beneath him.  However that said the bed is comfortable, the ambience is great, rooms are very clean and location is outstanding!",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We loved it!,"Were were friends who were in London to watch the Oval cricket test between England and India and we could not have achosen a better hotel. The location is fantastic- very convenient for bus and tube. Thw front desk was very efficient,friendly and always willing to help.We arrived early but were promptly provided a room to recover.The rooms,by London standards were very spacious,clean and well provided.Coffee maker and cable tv were provided.The bathrooms were clean and had a bath tub. Though there was construction in the lobby ,there was no inconvenience.There was no free wifi but webcheckin was available in the business centre.Breakfast was well spread,service was excellent. Location is fantastic to go out for morning walks!shopping areas ,too,are very conveniently close.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,can't fault it,"I have stayed in this hotel each time I come to England the past six years. I had two stays this latest trip, one night on my arrival from overseas to try and recover from flight and four nights prior to returning overseas. My one night my room wasn't ready on check-in and Lola was wonderful in meeting my requested needs, as on my profile.  As I was in an executive room she took me to the lounge to wait as the room was to be ready in an hour.  The hour came and went and I went back out to reception.  Lola wasn't there and the young girl rang housekeeping to check the waiting time.  I sat on one of the lobby lounges and tried to stay awake waiting to be advised of the outcome.  I saw Lola go past, she was surprised to see me still waiting.  After a very short time, I was in…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
4031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Ideal location for shopping with Westfield 5 minutes walk away and access to Central London from the Tube Station there.  Room itself was fine although we had a problem getting the heating on.  Breakfast was a bit disappointing, food itself was great but service wasn't so good with something missing from the table every day we ate there.  Overall an enjoyable stay but service was a bit below the usual Hilton standard.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
4032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loving it,"Our first night of our stay and what a superb service. We stayed here about 16 years ago on our honeymoon and how it's changed. It was great the first time but just can't fault now. Only down side is the walk to the tube station but only because my wife has trouble with her feet and I would never expect the hotel to be picked up and moved nearer. Room 1018 is clean, tidy and has everything required. Looking forward to breakfast but so far highly recommended.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
4033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not high Hilton standard, but still nice","The location is close by the tube.   Not many restaurant close by, you need to take the tube.  Staff are efficient and friendly.  Everything is clean.   I saw much more recent and up-to-date Hilton hotel.   I wouldn't pay full price for this Hilton, but got a good deal on Hotwire for London.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
4034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for shopping and Tube,"Enjoyed a two night stay on business. Pleasantly surprised by the Westfield shopping centre, must be one of biggest centres in the country. Lots of nice places to eat as well. 20+ at least. Two movie theatres on door step. Central line straight into City of London.  Hotel itself very clean and fresh feeling. Staff friendly and Efficient. Room spotless and well equipped. I think I was in a standard room and its only negative was slightly small but this is London after all. Overall it  felt like a 4 star hotel.  Only ate breakfast which was good. Bacon was slightly cold. Being picky but at £20 a head you have to be! ",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Oh dear, oh dear","If it was not for the location, I would never consider this hotel again and to be honest I am still gobsmacked by the behaviour of the management in this hotel and am reconsidering my overall use of the Hilton brand.  Firstly, the bar manager (same gentleman as before, clearly we still have our invisibility cloaks) who reacted to our complaint to reception that we had been sitting for over 15 minutes waiting to be served not with ""I am sorry"" or words to that effect but with ""No, no you were not here at the time you said you were, no you have not been waiting"" - and then the most threatening of all ""I will check the security cameras they are all around watching what you have been doing and will be keeping an eye on you""  Unbelievable!  Unfortunately our note to the Duty Manager…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
4036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Service :D 10/10,"Hi Everyone...   Before going anywhere or booking anything.. I ALWAYS check TripAdvisor ... So I wanted to book both me and my Boyfriend into the Hilton London Kensington for his birthday this November and before going ahead with my decision I checked TripAdvisor reviews and pics which wernt as good as I had hoped.. so I started lookin elsewhere.. but couldnt find anything that I liked.. so I thought I would visit the Hilton Kensington to make up own decision and speak to someone..  I live in London near the Kensington Hilton and the Kensington Hilton is a great location being near Westfield.. Bus services, Train station nearby, constant Taxi services and Comfortable & safe area!!  When I first arrived I was greated with a smile and a hello followed with directions to the…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
4037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Situated in a lovely area.,"Stayed hear last week for a couple of days having previously stayed in some years ago.  The hotel is lovely and spacious and there was an American General who arrived at the same time to check in as us.  He naturally was given priority - it was something I really liked!!! Just a repect thing!!  Aside from that the hotel is smart and business like but is fine for tourists too.  The rooms are ok, bedroom area has enough room to walk around but the bathrooms are 'tiny'.  Even my husband commented on them!  Lots of hot water though!  Amenities were re-stocked each day and room was very very clean. However, I do have to point out that charging £3.25 for a bottle of water in your room is ridiculous and downright extorionate!!  Not all of us want to drink tea and coffee!!  However,…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
4038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stop over,"Our daughter paid for this so I wont comment on price, we were a bit miffed when their was no assistance with our bags, and when we finally got through the front (side) revolving door, the Concierge staff, just stared at us. Apart from that our room was good, we had access to the Executive dining area, which was good to relax in. The only thing I found stupid was the extra cost of WiFi they wanted to charge. Surely this is passe. I didnt need it as my Laptop connected to the Free Westfield site across the road. Otherwise bus stop outside, Tube 500 meters away and a healthy walk to Holland Park and Hyde Park",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
4039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I've never been so disappointed!,"Having never stayed at a Hilton Hotel and having heard so much of their quality I eagerly booked 2 nights here as part of our London visit. I should known things were not going to go well when the ""London Caby"" took us on a joy ride for 20 minutes that the navman said was only  3km. Every thing about the Hotel was ordinary, the staff and room the decor. What was even worse was the food in the resteraunt. Less than ordinary, just plain and awful. Unless you have no choice and are forced to stay as part of some tour, I think this is the Hotels main source of customers as there were endless large groups departing, I'd look for something with more character and closer to Westminster.",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
4040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok - could do worse,"I regularly stay in London and often here. Generally ok, if you can get the rooms at a reasonable price. It's not awful but not exceptional either. I would guess a holiday maker would be more disappointed than a business visitor.  Wifi is now free which is an improvement.  Worth avoiding is the tempting take away Pizza from the restaurant. It's horrible. Apparently it's frozen but with fresh toppings but our feedback was met with 'we have been doing it like this for 10 years and no one has complained ' - which is what places usually say when you are the only one to comment isn't it ?! - nudge nudge wink wink (short walk up the road are some good place to eat)  But its ok value, usually clean but don't rely on the facilities although the gym is ok too.   ",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
4041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A night to remember,"It would be unfair to give this place anything other than a good reveiw, food was good, breakfast in bed an option I am so glad to have taken. The staff were all nice people, especially those who brought the breakfast. The location made it easy to get everywhere.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
4042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with this Hilton.,"My Brother and I booked this Hotel to have a long weekend in london for a bit of a celebration.  Upon arrival the Air Conditioning was off, and we were made to wait in a queue because there was no receptionist.  When we were finally called forward there was a mistake with the booking and instead of one twin room, we could have 2 double rooms, happy days you would have thought, but we were informed that one room was ready now and the other would be ready later that night.   So when we came back in later that day we were met with a rude night manager, who didn't believe that we had two rooms, and that we were lying and its our fault that we moved into one of the double rooms, so at 0200hrs we were made to move our belongings into another room and watched in horror as the night…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
4043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A nice stop on your travels,"We rec'd all we expected at this hotel except for the free access to Wi-Fi on the ground floor, a bit on the mean side not to include it. (They would have rec'd a 5 star from me otherwise!)",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Near Westfield, Shepherd's Bush.","Stayed there for 5 nights owing to a course I attended nearby. The room was tiny, even for a lone traveller, but it was clean. Two good points though, the hotel is about 5 mins walk to westfield mall, one of London's largest, plus, I found the buffet spread for breakfast quite good for GBP12, though this was a discounted rate (not sure for how long). Otherwise, nothing really to distinguish it from other Hiltons, and there are quite a few in London alone.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
4045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,In the centre of london!,"a nice hotel with gorgeous reception area!Our room was spacious with a comfortable bed. It is in centre of london and is ideal if you want to visit picadilly circus,madame tussauds museum and generally for sightseeing.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Dirty toilet for starters ,,,","Having stayed here before 2 years ago I booked with confidence - big mistake  My partner arrived before me and his card was swiped when he checked in but I had made the reservation with my card - the consequence was they, the Hilton tried to take payment off my partners card which only has pounds on it for emergencies - they tried to take payment thirty mins after check in - so much for their settle on departure policy - the result of this was on our return at 3am our room was locked out and no access available !   The duty manager and reception manager were hardened to our complaints and not even an eye brow raised when we showed them the picture of the dirty toilet .  In short I would not recommend nor ever stay here ever again.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
4047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not great, not bad...","I stayed here for a couple of days on business - I needed to be in this bit of London and the room rate here was OK. Everything was OK, but nothing was great. Which is always a bit disappointing from Hilton (although maybe it's my own fault for expecting more). The room was fine - clean and comfortable - but small. Service wasn't bad - I'm Gold VIP in the HHonors program and there were no rooms to upgrade me to (really?) so they sent a bottle of wine to my room instead which was a nice touch. 2 things that weren't so good, especially on business - parking is extremely expensive (£32/night) so beware of that and the 'free' in-room internet for HHonors guests didn't work. Not a huge deal, but annoying. If you need to be in this part of London, this hotel is fine, but a little bit…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
4048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Will not return,"Room was hot and beyond small. My husband and I together hardly fit in the room and with suitcases was absolutely uncomfortable. We went at the end of March,  it was still cold outside but like a boiler room inside. We could not open the window (it was locked). We requested change of room but we were advised that they had a full house. A bathroom in a cruise stateroom is larger than what we got here. TV was not working and a technician had to come and fix it. Telephone calls were very expensive. We were there for 2 miserable nights and hope to not return.  Having said this, I must give the credit to a very nice staff and an excellent location. Transportation is very convenient.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
4049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average,"I booked the Hotel online a few weeks ago.  My business partner arrived earlier than me, he went through the checkin process and got to the room.  They swiped his card, as I would not arrive until later.  As a result Hiltonhonors are refusing to give me the points, even though I was the one who booked it, and in the long run, paid for it.   Front Desk did not seem interested in this problem when I addressed it with them.    Breakfast was charged at £20 .. overpriced for luke warm food that had been sitting on hot plates for some time.     Room was clean and to the normal expectations, but extremely small for Hilton.     Also was disturbed by housekeeping at 08.30 on the Saturday morning, even though a ""Do not Disturb"" sign had been placed on the door.   As a regular Hilton…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
4050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,fantastic for a cheap deal,"we got a lastmimute deal to stay here for £98 by booking without knowing which four star hotel in the area we would be allocated. At that price I can't fault anything .... clean, comfy room, perfectly good size, fantastic location right by Shepherds Bush, and pleasant staff. If I had paid a lot more for the room I would have been disappointed by the lack of little extra luxuries, and the piled on charges for things that other hotels often give free eg parking £32, wifi £14 a day, bottle of water in room £3.75. Admittedly, we don't usually stay in central London so maybe these are to be expected.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
4051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,"I was lucky enough to get this hotel as an unnamed last minute hotel in London-so we had a bargain. Hotel rooms were good, service was excellent,and the drink were no moe than one would exspect to pay in a london hotel. Taxi to the west end was about £9, and took about 20 minutes. Infact it is a good location for most things a tourist would want to see.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
4052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible! Don't bother!,"We stayed at the hilton kensington on the 12th oct 2011 for 2nights, paying £250 per night for a deluxe double room. On arrival at the hotel parking is good, lobby looks nice and reception staff were friendly.  The hallways smelt of stale cigarettes but we remained optomistc. But on arrival at the room we were very dissapointed. After staying in numerous Hilton hotels both in th UK and around the world we did not expect what we found. The room was quite small (although not too much of a problem) but the first thing we noticed was it was boilng hot! After having the AC on for 5 hours the room still did not cool so we requested a fan. We were brought a dusty old fan my partner named 'The death fan' which when swithced on blew clumps of dust around the room. The bed sheets had ink…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
4053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay,"Stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for 5 nights with family (7 rooms). Everyone had a very pleasant stay, check-in was efficient, rooms were comfortable, spacious for London. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and respectful. Location was excellent, nearby shopping center, tube stations, restaurants, pubs and supermarket. Have stayed at this location before and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
4054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for visiting london as a group,"Stayed here as part of a brass band trip to London for a weekend. Only stayed one night but the hotel was great. Only minor gripe. The drinks at the bar were horrendously expensive! My girlfriend is a memeber of the Hilton members club but they wouldnt accept her discoutn card, so a bit miffed about that, but appart from that. All great!",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
4055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Great location. Tarriff as good as can be expected in Kensington! Good breakfast spread. Decent sized rooms. Ww faced a problem with wifi connectivity though the hotel claimed it was only temporary, but the way they guided us to sections of the lobby for better reception, it didn't seem as if it was a temporary problem!",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Well-located & Friendly","Quite a small room, but well furnished with air-con etc. Very close to Shepherds Bush station, serving both overground and underground services. Breakfast was more than adequate.  People complaining about the room size should stay further into London, then they will have something to complain about! Unless you want to pay considerably more, this hotel is perfect.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Pleasant Stay,"We stayed for one night when visiting the Albert Hall and found the hotel and staff very good. We were upgraded to an Executive room which was not spacious but well laid out with everything you need. Good comfy bed and lovely pillows and linen plus it was clean and QUIET, the main requirements for a good nights sleep. Followed by an excellent breakfast in the Executive lounge. Free snacks and drinks the evening before was also an added bonus. All the staff were most friendly helpful and courteous we wonder if previous reviewers were at a different hotel? Very handy underground car park and excellent priced rooms were our main reasons for booking and we would not hesitate to return.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
4058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Won't be back,"I'm a Hilton Honors Diamond member and this is the worst Hilton I've stayed in so far. The room was small and dingy, the air-con and some appliances did not work and the hotel facilities are below average. The service was terrible and the worst aspect of our stay. Staff seem very disorganized and unprofessional at times. If you travel a lot you will be disappointed in this hotel. We tried changing to another hotel however most were fully booked at the time.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington not a repeat,"We had been saving for a long tome to go on out trip on Europe and staying in London at the Hilton was a big splurge for us.   We are disappointed to say that that it was the least impressive accommodation we experienced in our 3 week trip. The rooms were very small and dated, the bathroom courtesy lock did not work and the bathroom was not the cleanest. The wifi was a joke costing $8 pounds an hour, everywhere else we stayed was free. We booked breakfast for each morning and on three of the four mornings it was only recorded for one of us.  We found the staff to be very friendly and professional and I must make special mention of the concierge David, who was especially helpful and firendly. The location was good with the underground and buses very close as well as just a short…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
4060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice base for exploring London,Very very good value for bed and breakfast.  Good sized clean quiet room and excellent breakfast.  Bus stop outside hotel and two underground stations just half a mile away. All staff very helpful and friendly.  Shortly after entering our room the receptionist phoned to make sure all was to our satisfaction.  We wanted robes and these were delivered to our room in minutes. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
4061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay,"I stayed here for just one night, after getting a good rate from a discount website. Overall, it was a pleasant stay, but I would have expected more had I paid full price.  The staff were mostly very friendly, and the room was comfortable. I was given a choice of room on arrival (small, far from lift vs large, close to lift), which was nice. In terms of cons, I was disappointed to have to pay for internet access (both wifi and use of the business centre connection), and I think the breakfast was overpriced. However, the ""takeaway"" dinner option (collecting a meal from the restaurant, instead of traditional room service) was a nice touch, and seems like good value.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Complete Incompetence,"We were here for five nights as part of a Trafalgar Tour.  On arival - no room.  One was allocated and a deposit paid for incidentals that might be charged to the room.  Tried to buy a drink at the bar - no credit recorded against this room.  Reception would fix this.  Went to breakfast - not only were we not on the list but we were not even recorded as being in the hotel - the occupant of our room was a Singapore Airline flight crew.  Second trip to reception - all will be well, it is being rectified.  Returned to the hotel after sight seeing - could not get into the room - the key no longer functioned as we were now ""booked out"".  Third trip to reception - again ""it will be fixed"".  Finally got into the room at 5pm - it has not been made up from the night before.  I think I…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect,The standard of service at this hotel shuld be a beacon to all.  Staff are all willing to go the extra mile.  An absolute joy to stay at.  I can't wait to go back,Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
4064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Quiet location, easy access.","It's not the busiest of places, but it's really close to Sheperds Bush underground.   Or Holland Park via some nice places for breakfast (recommend Giraffe).   Very close to the new Westfield shopping centre, which is mighty impressive.  Rooms had good space, and well finished.   Beds were fine, everything clean and as you would expect for a 4* hotel.   Staff were excellent.  Now the two negatives. 1.   Bar manager taking a 10% service charge on beer, collected from the bar not served! 2.   Poor quality toilet roll, we bought our own from the local Waitrose!",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
4065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,"We stayed at this hotel from Aug 17 - 22, 2011.  The room was small, A/C did not work and the mini-frig would not open, unless a prepaid deposit was paid.  Plus, our room location was street front on the 3rd floor resulting in street noise.    Being a Hilton Honor Gold member I expected a better room and location.  I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone...sorry.  :-(",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
4066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Our Trip to London,"My wife and I stayed at the hotel in August 2011 and found the room very small, and well below the standard we were expecting for a 'Hilton'.  We had been saving for two years for our holiday to the UK and looking forward to staying at the Hilton, but we were let down, also paying over 8 pounds for two glasses of Coke ?  what a joke.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Only ok,"Location is beautiful, away from bustle of central london which is nice if you have had a busy day working in the city. However, negatives include no wifi in rooms (what do they expect people with ipads etc to do?) very slow service in bar/lounge and was over priced. Breakfast was ok, rooms decent and clean. Overall, you could probably do better...",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
4068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,never order room service,"I ordered room service - steamed salmon and stirfried vegetables - what I received was the most unappetising room service I have ever had, limp piece of overcooked salmon, greasy noodles which contained a few strips of pepper; sand in the salad and a pot of oil on the side. Not the usual Hilton standard at all. The hotel has a worn tired feel about it. Overall would not recommend this even for one night.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
4069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in Convenient Location,"This hotel is in a pretty nice location, though not walkable to the major sights of inner London.  Public transport is very easy - Shepherd's Bush railway and tube stations are a few minutes walk, and there are 3 bus lines that stop right outside the hotel - they take you to all the major sights.  You can walk to Notting Hill Gate within about 10 minutes, and another 10 minutes will bring you to Kensington Gardens.  The hotel itself is nice.  Excellent breakfast, and the bar is nice and relaxing.  The standard rooms are a little small, but clean.  Very comfortable bed.  Prices are typical London, so not the most economical option.  Overall, a good hotel.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We liked this hotel,"Stayed at the hotel over the last weekend. Our stay was on a Bed and Breeakfast deal, booked during The Hilton sale. We were really pleased with everything about our stay.  Check in was quick and efficient, with pleasant courteous staff on the check in desk.  The room was exactly what we wanted and expected. It was clean, had everything that was listed on the website and everything worked, for us very important points. Yes the rooms are not enormous but they are big enough, and after all when visiting London you aren't going to spend a lot of time in it.  Breakfast was the usual Hilton breakfast, with a good selection of fruits, cold meats/fish, hot food, pastries and bread. Again the staff were courteous and attentive.  The hotel location was fine for us, it's about a ten…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable value - location OK; don't pay for WiFi,Room was reasonable and location is OK. 5 min walk from Holland Park tube stop and clsoe to White City Westfield shopping Mall. Breakfast is marginally better in the executive lounge than in the restaurant. Beware paying GBP10 for WiFi - you can get free wifi in exec lounge and there is no wifi up in the rooms. So GBP10 gets you Wifi only in the lobby. This hotel is reasonable value for London.,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great,"Stayed here for 10 days in August/September. Got an excellent deal through a friend, but if I had been paying the full price would have been even more disappointed.  Definitely agree with someone's review re the location. If you are in London for the first time like us, would definitely stay somewhere else. It is a bit far from the main tourist spots, with things a pain to get to on the tube station - many you need at least 2 trains. The buses stop right outside the hotel, but don't get them if you're in a hurry.  It felt like we were staying more in the suburbs, and didn't really feel like London because of where we were. Westfield is very close, so good for shopping if you're in the mood.  The beds were very comfortable and the rooms quite spacious. The concierge was mostly…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
4073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with great location,"I am a walker and I loved this hotel, I was able to walk or hop a public bus right outside the front door. The rooms were clean and modern and the front desk and staff were amazing. Loved it and will return again and again",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"I am currently staying in the Kensington Hilton and the hotel and it's staff has been fantastic. We are here for another 4 nights and the room,070 is very well appointed and has plenty of room for a London Hotel. We have eaten at the resturant and in the Executive lounge and both are well above par. Everyone from Giardani from Italy (check in), Elizabeth (housekeeping) and Ezmoralda from Portugal (executive lounge) have all provided us with great customer service. My wife had only one dislike and that is there is no prosciutto and melon for breakfast. If you are traveling to London this hotel has great added value and is very accessible to the center of the city by the red line and bus. It is much better to use the Sheppards Bush tube stop than using Holland Park. We have…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
4075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Used to be good,declining now","Bar and food are ridiculously overpriced.rooms small but adequate,location is good.every time I have booked this hotel online there has been some anomaly with booking/payment.front desk staff have a bad attitude and can be rude.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pricey and small,Hotel was in good location but the hotel was really expensive two drinks cost £13.50 which had a secret service charge of £2.50 .... We were informed at reception we had complimentary breakfast then when we to breakfast that had not been relayed to them.. Quite disappointed in the service x,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,2008: worth the money you pay,"Apologies for the belated review - I stayed there several times with the last stay in 2008 but I think basic things have not chaged since then. After the introduction of new pricing policies / the overall growth of the costs of life I stopped staying at Hilton. However I still keep good memories about this place: calm location, nice walk to the nearest underground station (towards the city center not opposite!), absolutely gorgeous full English breakfasts, the package 'dinner on the first night' was also worth its price, you could watch squarrels in the trees through your window overlooking the side street. As to the room size there were always options: we had rooms changed for us for bigger ones on our request. My previous experience with non chain hotels was 50/50 - you never…",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very, very , very small rooms!","We have stayed in many European hotels, and many in London.  The Hilton Kensington is unique for it's really uncomfortably small rooms.  These may work for a solo business traveler, if you don't mind the slightly creaky, Ikea quality furnishings, but don't even think about lodging here with more than one person per room.  The lobby and public areas for the hotel are rather spartan for a Hilton.  Indeed the elevator bank resembles that of a hospital more than a traditional hotel.  Don't be fooled into thinking you can upgrade to a larger room, you cannot!",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
4079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"All in all, a decent stay","I had to spend one day in London and chose this property as the rates were good. It's located at Holland Park, within walking distance of Shepherd's Bush overground and underground, and Westfield shopping centre.  The hotel check-in was quick and smooth. The rooms are small, but comfortable. The bathroom was quite tiny, especially the shower area, but was spotlessly clean. Bed was comfortable and I had a good night's rest.  Breakfast was not part of the room rate, so I ate outside. Otherwise the hotel is quite unremarkable.   It is a little way out from central London, but easily accessible either by bus (Royal Crescent - opposite the hotel entrance) or the underground.   I'm sure there are better choices in terms of hotels, but this wasn't a bad option.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
4080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not great but ok if you can get a good deal,"We stayed at this hotel for two nights in late August.  I've been to London before and have stayed in much better hotels within the same price range as this Hilton.  The rooms at this hotel are tiny but I have encountered tiny rooms before in London.  The thing that bothered me the most was the tiny shower in the room.  I am hardly a big man but found it almost impossible to manoeuvre when showering.  I don't know how a tall or overweight man will be able to fit in there comfortably.  Another con was the expensive wi-fi.  There are two computers available in the business centre but they are pretty costly.  As for the pros, the beds were comfortable and we had no issues with noise.  The room also came with a safe and a fridge.  Another complaint about the hotel is that it's not…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Quite average. Internet 15 £ per day !,Hilton quality seems to be on the slippery slope. The room furniture is below IKEA quality. The bathroom lacks maintenance. The wires under the desk an un-organised messy bundle. There are other hotels which provide better value. Worst is the internet arrangement. No free internet anywhere and 15 £ per day in the room. Shows that Hilton is 20 years behind. At NERO you get free wireless if you buy a cup of coffee !,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
4082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rather away from the city centre,"When you read the name ""Kensington"" you would probably expect this hotel where Hilton Olympia is.  Hotel itself has good standard and there is not much to say about it. Location is between Holland park and Shepherds Bush Underground stations on the Central line. Both these stations you can reach within 5-10 minutes walk and then count 15-20 minutes to Oxford street. In case that you prefer a bus connection with bus stop almost across the street, you have to count with 45+ minutes for the city centre. Hotel location is great for shopping maniacs - the great Westfield shopping centre is just 10 minutes walk away.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"We arrived early in the morning really tired from jet lag and we were not sure we could get an early check-in; the front desk was instrumental in getting us in early - even though we had a 45 min. wait, it was worth it.  Rooms were small but comfortable.  Bathroom was also smallish with the bath sitting on a raised platform - my 6' 5"" son had to crouch to take a shower!!!  Very easy access to Underground Tube at Shepherd's Bush station 5 min. walk.  Breakfast very good and our one supper there was quite good, much to our surprise, with the service the best on our trip through England, Belgium, and France.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient & Comfortable,"We redeemed Hilton points for a 2 night stay and had requested a twin room away from Holland Park Ave. We arrived a bit earlier than check in time after an overnight flight from the US and had we been willing to take a room on a low floor on Holland Park Ave, we could have had a room immediately. As it was, we chose to wait about an hour for a room on the back of the hotel. The room was tiny, though we've stayed in smaller ones in London! And it was very clean, comfortable and fairly quiet, though some city noise is inevitable.   The executive lounge on the ground floor served rather nice snacks and wine in the evening. We were so tired our first evening that we made that our dinner.  Breakfasts were also quite nice, with a variety of foods.   The staff in the lounge and at the…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, didn't notice the executive ""bump up"" though...","After booking using a voucher for myself and my partner, and then adding an extra night, we were offered an executive room and facilities for no extra cost - sounded excellent for our little getaway!  Checked in no problem, despite my barely understanding the receptionist... Found out she was explaining what we could use the executive bump up for. We found our room, impressed at first with the huge bed, TV, mini-fridge etc etc. Not with the view mind, looking over the back of the hotel at more bricks and buildings. The most disappointing thing of all though being the bathroom! It was not what i expected for all the ""executive"" expectations i felt we had been told about. It was standard, bath/shower, crammed in loo and sink. The most impressive part being the heated mirror...…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, but good service","Stayed here with my 8-year-old daughter for two nights. The room was tiny, couldn't find space to put our luggage properly. But the bed was comfy, breakfast buffet excellent and we had a good deal through Expedia.com. The hotel is near tubestation Sheperd's Bush and shoppingcentre Westfield. Along Holland Park Ave. there are lovely shops and small cafés to be found. Even saw British-American comedian Ruby Wax in this street! Hilton Kensington is a nice place to stay if you're not claustrophobic. Despite the good service, I'd opt for another hotel in this area next time. ",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
4087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant London Visit,"We arrived after a long flight from SFO with a two hour delay. We checked in after 3PM and could not tour as planned but we walked to Shepard's Bush and Westfield Mall. We scouted out the two transit stations, overground (rail) and underground.  This was less than five minutes walk from the hotel. It's a busy station with many commuters. It's not scary at all for those of us who are used to urban cities. Unlike San Francisco, I didn't see any beggars. You can avoid congestion everywhere except the areas for buying tickets and entry. There are ticket agents to help you navigate the ticket machines if necessary. The first time user would find it helpful to ask for help. You can buy the travel card for your two for one discounts from the overground. Make sure it's the overground…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We loved it!,"We booked a 5 day holiday at the Hilton kensington and got a good deal with Agoda. I must say that everything was a nice surprise, first of all personnel were absolutely delightful, helpful and smiling!! (I live in Paris so you know what I mean...). The room was very comfortable even if only slightly small, had double glazing windows so no noise at all from the busy Holland Park Avenue. Bus stop just in front of the hotel, bus drive to Marble Arch: 10 minutes. Shepherds Bush tube station 5 minutes away, and fabulous Westfields shopping center just opposite the tube station. You will find everything there, all main shops, restaurants, cinemas, bank...no need to go to crowded Oxford Street any more. Tim the concierge and his team will help you book Tours and Theatre Tickets.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value on Hilton Deal,"Stayed at this hotel on a room only basis and was lucky enough to get a complimentary room upgrade, even though id booked on a secret hotels deal.  Rooms are, as you'd expect, on the small side but our twin had everything we needed - beds were very comfortable, no noise from outside or adjoining rooms, well appointed bathroom etc.  Location was great - while not in the thick of it, Holland Park is a lovely area in itself and on a nice day its walking distance to Notting Hill / Portobello Rd.  The hotel website says Holland Park is the nearest tube - it isnt, as this hotel is in the borough of Kensington & Chelsea by the skin of its teeth - literally a few feet! Holland Park is about 10 mins walk, and Its probably more straightforward than Shepards Bush, which is only a few…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,had a fabulous experience!,Stayed there 31st Aug for 1nyt with my fiance for his bday. The staffs were polite & helpful. The whole place was pleasant & welcuming. Room was big enough for us two.  Highes: great location (3mins frm Sheperd Bush Station) & delicious breakfast. Low: very small wardrobe space. Also they tried to charge us for minibar usage because they cencored stuff being taken frm the fridge. However after explaining we only removed their stuff to cool our wine they were really cool about it & cancelled the charge. Overall a very satisfactory & enjoyable stay. We wud definately recommend to others!!!!!,Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good customer service,"This is a very well presented hotel, with a good location and access to central London.   The room rate is very reasonable for London.  The rooms are small and the beds are really flimsy and noisy!!  We had an issue with our room when we arrived back at midnight and they moved us to another room immediately.    I was very happy with the way they looked after us, in my opinion things can always go wrong but it's the way that the staff deal with the problems that make all the difference.   I left a happy customer!",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic customer service,"Visit London regularly and normally stay at the Hilton Metropole but decided on the Kensington for a change. This was our first stay here. Booked an executive room. Arrived early off our flight and were delighted to be able to be checked into our room at 1030 am. The receptionist Gulianna was delightful, very efficient, friendly and a very welcoming face. A good start to our stay. The room was very comfortable. It seeemed as if it had been refurbished and it was different in style to other hiltons i have atayed in. We made use of the Executive Lounge for drinks that evening. The lounge was a great part of the stay and again the staff were all very poilte and helpful. The hotel is a few minutes walk from Sheperds Bush tube station for the Central line into Oxford Circus. I was…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Busy, busy, busy…….","The hotel is in a good location in Holland Park close to all transport links, bus, underground and overground.  The new and massive Westfield Shopping Centre is across the road with masses of shops and restaurants.  The public rooms, reception, bar and restaurants are all very good with reasonable décor and well planned.  The rooms are small but this is London, remember.  Housekeeping and cleanliness are both fine.  The only downside is that the hotel is incredibly busy so checking in can take a while and there is a continual hive of activity in the reception and the public areas.  Despite this the service is efficient and the staff are friendly.  Breakfast service in the restaurant is great and the standard of food is very good.  We would stay here again.  Good location and…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay! Friendly staff,Stayed here for 7 nights. Friendly helpful staff from the second we walked in the doors. Full breakfast buffet down to waffles and omlettes made to order which was delicious. We requested a quiet room - we were on the 6th floor - the room was quiet & super clean. Its located close to Shepherd's bush underground station & Westfield mall. It was a lovely stay. (Missed having free wireless internet connection but business centre is on the lobby level if needed). Based on my experience would recommend.,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great customer service,"Usual Hilton hotel, found the staff in particular to be very helpful going above and beyond. I paid extra for breakfast but was worth every penny (Hilton breakfasts are always great!). Location very good for Kensington olympia and also much nearer than expected to Westfield so that was very handy.  Only drawback was room was tiny and seemed in need of a refurb, just generally seemed dated and maintenance lacking. Despite this, room was very clean and bed comfy so I was willing to overlook this.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Quality hotel, great location, comfortable & affordable stay","Congratulations to the team at Hilton Kensington! I frequently stay at the hotel mainly for business and this hotel is very much on the money every time...be it for providing a comfortable bedroom, great food or attentive service by the hotel's friendly staff! I organise various sports events and bring my guests who are often high profile professional sports men and women themselves in to this hotel. Given the hotel's central London location and its facilities, the hotel works for both business and leisure...I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel! A home away from home....well done to the team at Hilton Kensington! Sunny",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Was an awesome base to see most of the attractions in London,We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights while touring London...close to the tube and in a really nice part of London...the rooms was nicely decorated and very clean and there were lots of amenities that we enjoyed....the food was great for their buffet breakfasts and there was a lovely lounge to entertain guests that visited me one afternoon....the staff were very courteous and pleasant and except  for some mix up with telling my guests we were checked out....we were able to really enjoy the peace and quiet of this 4 star hotel....would definitely reccommend to family and friends when visiting London....,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
4098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average London Hotel,"Stayed here for one night to facilitate a visit to Westfield Shopping Centre and for that purpose it was fine. The positives were the friendly and efficient staff and the hotel's proximity to Westfield (5 minute walk).   The negatives were the extremely small rooms. Fine for a night or two but if you had several suitcases or shopping bags, moving around the room would involve an obstacle course. The air conditioning was too noisy to use and the room's decor was circa Ikea in the 1980's (black furniture - yuk!). The outside windows were opaque and need a damn clean.  We stayed in an Executive Room which is exactly the same as a standard room (tiny) but with access to the Executive Club. This was good with efficient staff and alcoholic beverages and canapés between 6-8.30pm.. That…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staying in a rabbit hutch that needed cleaning,"Stayed at this hotel with work recently, don't think about looking out the window, looks like they have not been cleaned for about 3 years, the rooms are tiny and all of the group I was with joked that you couldn't leave your case on the floor and walk round, and there wasn't anywhere else to put it.",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
4100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Note that the rooms are really small.,"The location is perfect for shopping in Westfield London, other than that, the rooms were really tiny for the price i am paying.  I did not have any space to place my luggage, even the wardrobe is not big enough to place my cabin bag in it.  Had some problems with the Internet in the room after I checked in and took quite a while to have my room changed. (All the hassel of a technician of coming into my room twice and even called the internet provider myself.) Was quite a pain.  Other than that, the staffs are really friendly. Great team of Concierge though!",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good enough,Always good to stay at a Hilton.  Hilton London Kensington was chosen due to its great proximity to Notting Hill and Portabello Rd.  We were EXTREMELY happy that there was a room made available at 7.30am when we'd been on an overnighter from Singapore.  Its just the tonic to start your stay on the right foot when the hotel is so flexible and leaves a good impression.  Breakfast was included and was pretty good.,Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Beautiful hotel in Kensington!  A few blocks from the underground station and close to Hyde Park.  Concierge was super helpful, and got us tickets to all the sights.... not much of a discount on anything because London is uber expensive, but oh well - it's worth every penny!!",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
4103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, good base for business","Stayed for a few days on business and here is my experience:  Check-in: Reception seems understaffed with only 1 or 2 people at the desk at any given time. For such a large and busy hotel this does not seem to be sufficient. Other than that check-in and out was fine, only they forgot to prolong my keys when I requested late check out, and it happened to 3 of my colleagues as well, so it does seem like a general flaw in procedure  Rooms: Bedrooms are nice, well furnished, plenty of space to store clothing even if travelling for multiple days. Clean and functional  Food: Breakfast restaurant is running smoothly even though it's very busy, there is good variety and the food is being replenished regularly.  Room service serves within 30 minutes from call, food is ok but nothing…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very Nice hotel, Friendly & helpful Staff","Booked online through last minute.com. 2 nights 5 & 6 August 2011. Firstly, shepherds Bush is the nearest tube station NOT Holland Park. Secondly, the Westfields shopping mall is on your doorstep and is huge it has something for everyone, lots of nice shops / resturants / bars. As for the hotel, the exterior is nothing to rave about but inside is very pleasant. On arrival the trainee receptionist was keen but her english wasnt great so we just agreed with everything and waited for the room key! room 5040 - room was fine, clean and had everything you need. Decent shower, Air con, and minibar. Breakfast was in the new 'breakfast' room just opened on our 1st day, and glad it did too. Was 10 out of 10, great service and had everything for breakfast you could wish for. I'm coeliac…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great shopping location,"2 minutes from the huge Westfield centre for all your shopping needs (be wary though as it is a high crime area) . Being near the central line makes it ideal for all London attractions. Get an executive room if you can as you get access to the exec lounge - this gives you drinks food and a free bar at tea time which was awesome. Rooms ok, service excellent. Well worth the money. Look out for offers too",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A HILTON HOTEL DELIVERING TOP HILTON SERVICE.,"We loved our stay at the Hilton London Kensington.We arrived rather early around mid day and was checked in by Ms Shamsa the Reception shift leader.Super member of staff who really seemed not only to enjoy but also take pride in her job.We were really happy that we could check in early which meant we had a bit more time exploring the Westfield shopping.Also a huge thank you to Ben at the Reception for all your kind help.All staff throughout the hotel were very friendly and welcoming and eager to help and ensuring that everything was okay.Our two rooms were on the 6th floor and well appointed.Large bed which was very comfortable and all the complimentary bathroom amenities.Hair dryer,iron board and safe all worked well.Good selection of Tv channels.We ate in the main lounge bar…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, Excellent staff, Brilliant location!!","I got a fantastic deal through Lastminute as one of the ""Secret hotels"".   Hotel is a 10 minute walk from Holland Park Underground station. On the way is a Tescos & lots of restaurants, pubs and cafes. The hotel is located just past a lovely tree lined street.  Check in staff member was efficient and friendly and upon request provided me with a queen sized bed even though I had paid for a double (at no extra charge)  The room was clean and had everything you could need for a comfortable stay.  The public areas (bar & restaurant) were buzzing with activity and customers and looked very welcoming.  Would definitely stay again 100%!!",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, would def stay there again.","We stayed just one night but it was a great hotel, sumptous looking and helpful staff. The room was immaculate and had really comfy beds. We would definitely  stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not nearly as good as in the past,"We have stayed here during our London visits before and like this hotel because it is convenient for the Tube system and a little out of the centre.  The other huge plus is the excellent food options at Westfields where we enjoyed two excellent dinners (Jamies Italian and Meat and Wine Co)  Unfortunately the standards at the hotel really have dropped since our last visit.  On checking in we felt the girl really could not care less, happily chatting to others rather than being interested in us - even when we gave her clues like ""is it possible to be on Floor 6 where we were last time.  So we get a very small first floor room on the corner of the building, the room had not been set up for two guests and it took two trips over a period of 7 hours to get the toiletries and towels we…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely stay, unfortunately one member of staff let them down!","We stayed this weekend while attending a wedding close by.  The staff were all very friendly & the newly refurbished room was lovely.  The bed was probably the most comfortable I have slept in in a hotel for a while.  The breakfast was wonderful and we didn't feel rushed in any way.  We ate at the Indian restaurant over the road on Friday night, as previous reviewers have said, the service and food are excellent as is the price.  Unfortunately the bar manager (?) on Saturday night let the side down.  He was in the middle of taking our order and while my husband was deciding on his choice he served someone else which we thought was very bad customer service.  It wasn't that the bar was particularly busy either, there was no one else waiting to be served.  We also paid over £16…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Well run, handy place to stay.","This Hilton was a well run hotel, clean and pretty much what you expect from a Hilton.  We had the excellent breakfast buffet (includes omelet bar) included with our room.  I heard the actual charge for breakfast was 12 pounds.  The hotel was on a busy road but our room in the back was quiet.  Concierge was very helpful when it came to tours, restaurants, etc.  We found the area convenient for what we wanted to do and also is just a few minutes walk to two tube stations and the huge Westfield Mall.  The room is small and with an extra cot there was little room to move around.  But the air conditioner worked great and the room was clean!",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bland and average,This hotel is fairly average. Unfortunately it is quite a bland place to stay. Our room was not ready until 4pm and the TV in the room was broken at that time. Will be sticking to more modern boutique hotels on my return to the capital. ,Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great hotel, everything one needs","Staying at the Hilton for 4 nights at July, parents and two grown up girls. We got a sensible rate for this hotel incl. breakfast.  Big, comfortable, clean, rooms. Very helpful staff. Excellent breakfast. 5 minutes walk to Shepherds Bush tube station,  bus is located right outside the hotel,  Westfield shopping centre nearby. Everything we needed to enjoy our vacation. Happy to recoommend !",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
4114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wifi??,"We really enjoyed this hotel, it is definitely not in the centre but there are heaps of restaurants and shops nearby, the gigantic mall is 5 minutes walk, buses stop right outside and the underground is very close.  The hotel has a 70s look outside, but it has been well maintained and is very modern inside (apart from the wifi... see below).  The room was large and very comfortable, the breakfast was abundant and delicious (as usual for Hiltons).   Definitely recommended for a comfortable stay in London.  The only problem.. the hotel is trapped in a very uncool and outdated policy of actually charging for in-room wifi - the vast majority of hotels have given up on this scam, its just not justifiable in the modern world!!",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for shopping at Westfield Centre,"Stayed at Kensington Hilton in July for Take That concert.  Although the hotel was not particularly well located  tor Wembley, it was great for shopping.  The breakfast was of the usual excellent Hilton standard.  The allocated twin room was for disability access and was better equipped for a single bed.  However the hotel did compensate us for not having another twin bedded room available by drinks vouchers.  Would return for another shopping trip but not for Wembley.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very good hotel, worth the extra distance","I highly recommend the Hilton for tourists who don't mind using the tube (subway) to get around London. While a bit further out, it is located near Shepherd's Bush and Holland Park metro station (6 min. walk), near a few restaurants, pubs, etc. Excellent price - worth every penny and easy access to downtown. I paid less than $160 / night, buffet breakfast included. Small, clean, efficent room. Don't get turned off by facade - needs a bit of a face lift. But well appointed, excellent service, etc. I am a very fussy traveller and I would definitely go back.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","Stayed here for two weeks, and everything about the hotel was great.  The service was great, the location was great, the bus is located right outside the hotel and you can take it to do all your shopping and sightseeing. They also offer tours.  The underground and mall are also just minutes away.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,beware the noise!,"I stayed here for a week for work. Overall, very good - service excellent, bar + restaurant good if pricey (but it is London, after all!). It's not central, but the tube links are good.  I have 2 gripes:  1. My one gripe about my whole stay - noise from a maintenance room. When I checked in, I was told I was in the part of the hotel which had just been refurbished. Lovely, I thought. And it was - great room (looking out at a brick wall, but you can't have everything), clearly everything new. BUT right next to something called a ""service room"" - which turned out to have machinery churning away in it. I got no sleep for 3 nights because of the low level hum. Having complained about it, they were great and actually moved all of my stuff for me while I was out during they day. My…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Kensington,"Our stay at the Hilton Kensington was to have a look around the Kensington area and to see two shows, the hotel is first class with very nice rooms we had an upgrade that gave us entry into to executive room with free coffee tea and cakes, well worth the cost, we had two lovely meals in the bar for lunch, in all the Hotel was very comfortable and would return. The down side if there was one is that the Hotel is not in Kensington but in Shepherds Bush- Holland Park area, The bus stops out side and takes you into the city also the underground is close by..",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, close to Shepherds bush tube Station","We got a fantastic rate for this hotel incl. breakfast, close to Shepherds Bush tube station and Westfield shopping centre. Central line will have you on Oxford Street in 25 mins. Queue for breakfast can be long and there can be a wait to get seated which can be annoying. Our room was 3083, average room but we have no complaints given the rate. I agree with other reviews about the airlines using the hotel and the queue can get long to get to reception. All in all if you are happy to use the tube this is a good hotel in a quiet location and easy to get into the city centre.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fancy hotel in quite place,"I stayed once in this hotel for business. Very fancy decoration and design in the room. Good staff, one receptionist speaks Russian. Clean and comfortable place, recoommend for people who can afford it.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Hotel,"I stayed here for 3 nights. The walk from Holland park tube is starightforward enough along a nice tree lined road, took about 5 minutes being  a few hundred metres. On the walk you pass shops,amongst them a Tesco, and various eateries and a pub.  Check in was speedy and i was upgraded to a room at the front of the hotel. I had no problems with noise in this room which faced onto the main road. The a/c in my room kept the temperature pleasant so there was no need to open the window  for ventilation. The room was fine, clean and I slept well.  I took breakfast in the hotel as part of my room package , and as ever everything was on offer and I came away quite full and set for the day.   The Westfield shopping centre is close by and there are restaurants of varying cuisines there ,…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,convenient location and good deal,"functional Hilton hotel. Room small but good quality. Excecutive lounge ok lunch not available in the restaurant but only in the bar, that is less convenient for a business lunch so we went up the road. Staff friendly and helpful. hilton offers this on line check in so you can choose a room in advance. However be careful when using this as in my case that room was not available yet and it took until 5pm before they found me another room. But they did offer a spectacular deal including breakfast",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant enough, good location","Very busy hotel. It seems many airlines use it for their crew. Took us many minutes to check in as there was a line of people waiting. Breakfast was included in our rate and was very good. Room was a good size and nicely maintained. Staff were very pleasant and professional. Nothing spectacular, but a good, standard Hilton in a good location. I'd stay there again",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Cancellation Policy,"I had booked to stay with this hotel with hotels.com but read a few of the reviews and found that it was too far out for me and not really in Kensington or near Kensington High Street. I rang hotels.com to cancel who told me that only the hotel could. When I e-mailed the hotel, they were less than helpful and would not allow me to cancel my booking. Hotels.com stated that they could not do anything. Be very careful which room you book and do not expect much from customer service. The whole experience has left me very disheartened with Hilton service and hotels.com. I have not even arrived and have had a terrible experience!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
4126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Check Location,"This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel, so we must like it a little bit ? I must also confess to being a Hilton Honours member. Firstly I think the name VERY misleading – the hotel is only a few hundred meters away from Shepherds Bush Station and if you wanted to visit Kensington High Street it would be a 20 minute walk! However there are bus stops outside to the West End etc.  Check in was the usual for a Hilton with polite and helpful staff. Our room (6104) was smaller than expected but had all the usual Hilton bits like a decent TV, safe, iron etc and plenty of coat hangers. Management please note: It would benefit fro a bedside drawer or two. Bathroom was clean with a bath plus a shower on a hose (not one of those horrible American shower heads fixed to the…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
4127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"This was a good hotel - as others have said the lobby area is great, the corridors are a little bit dated but both rooms we had were lovely and well stocked. The location was particularly great - ask for a room overlooking the park and you won't be disappointed.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lobby is smart! Rooms are old!,"This hotel is handy for going to shop and eat at Westfield and is about 5 mins. walk from Shepherd's Bush Underground or Overground station.  Also if you cross the road, there's plenty of buses going to Oxford St, Piccadilly and Victoria. The lobby has been given a new lease of life and a smarten up!  The rooms however, are the same, well certainly mine was!  I booked a double room even though I was travelling alone and the words ""swing a cat"" come to mind.  Tiny space to move about.  I had a large suitcase with me as I was flying off on holiday after my stay and I had to jam it inetween the bed and wall so I could open it.  Another bugbear is the internet.  I couldn't get the cable version to work in the room.  So I went down to the lobby and if you connect to ibahn, it's still…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
4129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel but spoiled by bed bugs!,"Booked at 50% off so definitely felt like good value.  Location was fine for us as we had hire car - but closer to shepherds bush than Kensington so not exactly convenient for tourists.  Parking is expensive and no lift from car park so had to carry bags and baby pram up steep flight of stairs.  Overall I would say a decent mid-market 4 star hotel.  Breakfast is quite good selection although very busy and canteen style room. However, our stay spoiled by bed bugs in my mothers room.  Hotel responded quickly with new room and offer of free night / dinner in restaurant.  But still an unpleasant experience so wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
4130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK as a standby,"Check-in was very slow, staff tends to congregate around a terminal the move en masse rather than attend individually to guests needing attention. The check-in staff appears generally to have no idea what they are doing and are very inefficient.   Regularly, room types which have been booked are not honoured - usually accompanied with ""we're now full"" - so the double room becomes a twin, etc. This is not a one-off as I have stayed at this hotel about 30 times over the last few years - this is when all other London options have been exhausted. Despite being a Diamond HH member I have only ever had one upgrade - other Hiltons honour the loyalty scheme and upgrade as a matter of course.  The standard rooms are very, very small. It is rather like staying in a touring caravan with…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
4131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"Get a Executive room, had breakfast buffet included, Great value, free internet in the executive lounge,cocktail hours were great. Will definitely stay here again. Conceirge was very helpful",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Location: akward to get to as it was on a spur line (underground) meaning not a regular train.   At opposite end of Kensington from shops.  Rooms: Good size, clean and modern.  Hotel bar - most expensive place in London!  Breakfast - good quality and choice.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Central Location,Good central location for the theater and to got to Stamford Bridge Football ground (Chelsea). It was still been refurbished at the time so it was luck of the draw if you got a refurbished room or not. We did not but then again I was with my son who was more interested in going to see Chelsea v Liverpool game then the hotel. Good buffet in the morning for breakfast great sellection of food and plenty of it. I would use again if going for the football. But dont think I would use it with the lady of the house she would expect a lot more in a hotel.,Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
4134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good rooms....room for a better price","This was a really lovely hotel. My room was spacious...by London hotel standards. Comfortable bed, clean and relatively modern bathroom. The hotel is well located and ideal for those working at or attending a show at the Olympia. Very close to the Westfield shopping centre also, a little too close for temptation! ;) But I did enjoy my stay here. Just two negative comment really - the breakfast was very expensive at £19.95 (on the morning). I don't think that sort of a price is justifable for a fry up! The internet connections in the rooms was also a little slow at times. But other than that, I did enjoy my stay.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"""Could be better, could be worse""","Decent area on the western London outskirts. Easy to get to from Heathrow by tube. Hotel itself is a 5 minute walk (with a hill in between so its uphill both ways) from the tube stop. The lobby area is very nice. When I first walked into my room my thought was ""this is it?"" I was not at all impressed; very small and old. In fact, my luggage would not easily fit through the door because it would not open all the way due to a narrow entry way. Overall, it was a reasonably priced hilton that fit a budget, but I would not choose to stay here again. I've stayed at nicer 2 or 3 star hotels.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Business Hotel,"All my requirements met during a four week stay. View from rooms wasn't great and some rooms have better flat screen TVs than others. Located within 5 minute walk to Shepherds Bush tube station, 10 minutes to Holland Park tube. Concierge and desk staff very helpfull and pleasant to deal with. The Castle Pub and a Chinese restuarant towards Holland Park tube do decent food for reasonable price. Hotel restuarant was Ok but slow getting the meals out. Usual complaint about expensive UK hotel  internet charges but other than that very happy with stay.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"A friend and I travelled to London to see a concert at the O2 arena. Found the hotel perfect for our nights stay, lovely reception area. Found the wait to check-in/ speak to reception was slighly longer than we would have liked. Although once there staff were helpful and efficient. Fantastic room, everything was clean and I was very comfortable. No noise overnight etc. Only problem we had was the reception wait and being charged for something we hadn't used - a quick call to speak to the manager solved this issue. Concierge were very helpful and looked after our bags whilst we went shopping the next day.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
4138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Really nice Hotel, polite staff","On arrival we were upgraded to the Executive Suite, where we had access to the Executive Lounge which was fab. Our room was 6015, view wasn't the best but the room was stunning. All the hotel staff were freindly and very helpful. One the day we arrived we went back to our room about 10pm where we were greeted with a bottle of champagne on ice and fresh fruit..result! Breakfast was really nice and The Chef there was cooking fresh pancakes for anyone that wanted them. We had two Hilton burgers on The Saturday, 1 pint of Lager and a coke, which was £35.00, nice but a bit steep.  My husband and I were there for the Hyde Park Concert, so big tip, turn right when you come out of the hotel, walk up the hill to the tube station, 4 stops later Marble Arch and the park is opposite. I have…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,nice and clean but expensive,the hotel is very clean and very close to shepperd's bush tube station and just infront of royal crescent bus station . the breakfast was great with lots of varieties . the rooms were very small . as for the value for money it was extremly expensive as we paid 330$/night wish is not really worth it. we can stay there again but defenitly not with the same rate . Take care london is an extremly expensive city. and take care wen u exchange the money and do it from inside the stores because they don't take comissions.,Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
4140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,the only proof that i stayed at the hilton is the receipt,"There is a reason why I was able to get this room in a HILTON for less than 100 usd. As always, you get what you pay for. Seriously, the room they gave us isn't even close to being up to par with any Hilton Hotel rooms I've ever seen. The room was old, definitely needed new furniture. I think the only difference between the room we got from a room at an Econolodge is the price. The best thing about this hotel is the breakfast. They do have a good breakfast buffet. Kensington, for those of you who are not familiar with London, is west of central London. Public transport makes this hotel accessible to the rest of the city.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
4141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Good hotel overall,I stayed for 4 days during my business trip in London. Overall the hotel provided very good service and room was nice and clean. The new mall opening was definitely adding a lot of value for the hotel in terms of location.  The only complaint was about breakfast service where guests had to queue up waiting for tables in which were all empty. I was there during the same time as the hotel hosted a conference and the line for breakfast was so long that people had to get up earlier to wait in line. The better management would be needed since this was not the issue with limited space. There were plenty of spaces and I still did not understand what the line was for,Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
4142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good as always but.......,We stayed here as we were going to Hard Rock Calling to see Rod Stewart and needed to stay overnight in London.  The welcome and check in was as good as always and the room comfortable but I do think they could look at their breakfasts especially as they are so expensive!  The fried eggs were congealed in theri dish and the scrambled eggs were watery!  And why can they not get the bacon right?  It looked very unappetising with the fatty bits not cooked and it was all stuck together!  We will visit again as we find it very convenient with parking but I think I will give breakfast a miss next time!,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't let the Hilton name lure you in.,350 quid for a worn out slightly smelly hotel that is less like a Hilton and more like a quality in. Don't let the lobby fool you...,Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A different reception,"When we returned to this Hilton the last time, we were greeted with a friendly ""Thank you for coming back."" We were given a room upgrade and found a bottle of wine and fresh fruit in our room. On the latest return we were given a sullen, ""Welcome back"", without so much as a smile.  Fortunately the doorman and concierge remembered us and made our return a friendly one. Nothing much has changed, the service is still good. The hotel is a bit removed from the down town tourist area, but the excellent directions of the concierge staff and the London transportation system make it easy to get around.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
4145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"How we love this hotel! The whole ambience eg the staff is quite exceptional, the food is excellent and attention to detail is outstanding. We regularly stay in the Hilton hotels and this is the most relaxed home from home experience. We wish to compliment in particular all the restuarant staff who have made my Birthday a wonderful occasion for my wife and I.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
4146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hmmmm.........,"A 3 night break  was a treat from my girlfriend - Thanks :-) From the outside the hotel looks rather depressing but once through the door and into the main reception it is bright, modern and very clean. Bar prices as you would expected are high, so I wouldn't recommend spending the evening in there unless you have plenty of money to burn. We didn't eat at the hotel so can not comment on the food. Our room was better than expected, not that I stay in many of this class of hotel. It was a suite with two bathrooms, two tv's, two fridges - you get the idea (very useful if you've had an argument). The room was very clean and the bed comfortable. On arrival at any hotel I always like to check out the 'biscuit' situation, there were only two biscuits in the room (I did search) which is…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
4147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"good standard of hilton, recommended.","This Hilton is handy to Westfield shopping centre, and a lazy walk along holland park avenue can be a nice way to spend the day; some lovely boutiques and places to eat.  Holland Park is also nearby and don't miss the japanese gardens.  The rooms are fine, standard fare and the view from ours was fairly crap but this was a 'secret' lastminute hotel and hence we didn't have high expectations.   The lobby area is very very good and the staff at front of house are pretty good.  The bar in the evening has a nice little buzz about it, but could have done without the drunk girls scretching along to their friend banging on the piano.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,This hotel is in a fantastic location - minutes walk to Shepherd's Bush station for multiple modes of transportation and Westfield Mall as well.  The hotel's neighbourhood is beautiful with lots of trees and wonderful buildings - made late-evening walks very pleasant. The only complaints were that we were situated directly across from the janitorial closet so there was constant noise from the housekeeping staff banging that door closed as the room doors in the hotel are very thin and the slightest noise in the hall comes right to your bedside.,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location and very well priced for central London,"I stayed for 2 nights and found this to be the best value hotel I have stayed in on my travels to London. The location is great (close to Holland Park underground station and in a very nice area), there is a small but well equipped gym and the rooms are pretty decent. Staff are very friendly and helpful and the overall experience is excellent.  My only gripe is the £15 per day charge for internet access. In these times I honestly believe that this should be included in the room rate.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
4150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Affordable, well placed luxury","I've stayed at this hotel many times. It is comfortable, quiet, and well placed, now sitting next to the giant Westfield Shopping mall in Shepherds Bush. From the hotel the mall is literally 5 minutes walk. The staff here are accommodating - we stayed here for my wedding anniversary and we were upgrade to a suite - a nice touch. Their concierge is really helpful and friendly, and unlike many hotels today the concierge knows where to go, what to do, arranges parcel deliveries and all the little ""logistical"" things that you can run into away from home.  The breakfast buffet is really great and you can eat to your hearts content. For those that are Hilton members, the Executive lounge is quiet, unassuming and always stocked full of drinks and nibblets. Definitely recommended if…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed,"Stayed here a couple of times on business as a ""last resort"" when other hotels in the area are booked up.  Rooms are dingy, in-house food is poor and expensive.  Not impressed.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
4152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location...good rooms for London,One of the better Hiltons in London.  The reception was incredibly helpful and the location couldn't be better as it was located between 2 tube stations on lovely Holland Park.  I look forward to staying there again.,Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
4153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Dark, Chaotic, Overpriced","I've stayed here a few times over the last few months.  The rooms are dated, small and not very nice (in comparison to other Hilton's in London).  The breakfast restaurant is very dark it reminds me of a seedy casino!  The service is very poor at breakfast, regardless of what time you arrive, you have to wait to be signed in by a very butch and un-welcoming lady.  The gym is very small and laid out very badly.  Unsuprisingly it gets very busy.  I'm switching to another hotel and will not return to the Hilton Kensington (even though I am a top tier member of Hilton Honours)",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
4154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,4 Star? Rubbish,"Executive room £209 +£45 tax = £254 a night. Rooms small and pokey, shower built for small dwarves. 3 nights £877 - stay at the Millenium and use the savings for cabs. This is a 2-3 star product charging 5 Star+ prices.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, wonderful stay!",The hotel was clean and comfortable. The staff was extremely helpful. The location was great for access to the underground and walking distance to a very large and modern shopping mall. We had a great stay!,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
4156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"If you are in a jam and need a place, it will do.","Was booked in the Novotel in Hammersmith, which was a dump and refused to check in.  Am an Honors member so I thought Hilton would be a good choice as I was there for three nights.  Lobby area is fine.  Initial room (2093) was about the size of a closet and the entire floor smelled of cigarette smoke.  Was moved to 3rd floor into a newer room.  Lots more space but not built for business.  Not enough outlets to plug phone and lap top in.  Room was fine, service was lacking sorely.  I sent shirts out to press and was told 3 different times for delivery;  was told when I was moving rooms that they would move my bags, I wound up having to move them myself.  They asked for what paper I wanted in the morning, it was never delivered.  Upon leaving, I was encouraged to take their…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
4157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel if the price is right,"Stayed here for a few nights with my brother - he got a great deal on Expedia for $99 (USD) a night. For that price, you could not beat the place. Beds extremely comfortable, room and bathroom were spotless and tidy, and lighting/reading lamps and television were very high quality. That being said, this is foremost a business hotel and everything was expensive (for example, 3 pounds for 15 minutes of internet access in the business center). The area of town (Kensington) is really beautiful and the hotel is right across the street from a tube stop. Overall very comfortable and if you have business in this part of town and don't mind paying the regular rate (probably $200-400 USD per night) it is a good choice... I would stay here again if I could get the $99 rate again.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
4158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great London hotel,"After checking out of a different hotel mid-trip, this hotel was booked by someone else at home so I had no idea what to expect. However, Im glad they chose the HIlton Kensington! Really impressive entrance and reception area, hallways and facilities and an efficient check in process. Rooms were average sized but clean and modern with all ameneties, and food in the bar was the usual high hilton standard. In a really nice area as well, quiet with lots of nice restaurants. Overall, very good hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shepherds Bush not really Kensington,"Front entrance  - smart. Front desk a little slow initially. Concierge busy talking to a friend and handing money over to help. Service in general was ok in general.  Room - small All mods cons in the room. Door stop in bathroom smashed off but just left. Sink taps discoloured. Television didn't work after second day. Room perfect for a short stay and as a crash pad, too small to spend any real time.  Location is great for access to the tube into London. Just 3 mins walk away. Location is down as Kensngton.  Whilst it may be in the Borough it's much fairer to call it Shepherds Bush.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location for Westfield Shopping and Hammersmith Apollo,"We stayed at the hotel for a concert we were attending at the Hammersmith Apollo We had booked a double room and on entering the room quickly realised it was a single! The reception staff were brilliant and upgraded us for the inconvenience. Walking distance to Notting Hill and Westfield shopping centre  Very nice rooms, and with this being the second time I have stayed here I think the quality of service and standard of rooms has improved",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton At Its BEST!!!,"Last month I planned a Girls Trip with a couple of friends. We spent a week in London and it was an AWESOME experience, due in LARGE part to the great concierge at the Hilton Kensington (i think his name is Ramik... or something like that). He helped us navigate the city with ease, even when an entire train line was not operating.   Now for the hotel: First off, the location works well for single or group trips. It's very well-light (day and night), and feels safe. It's located near a large mall and restaurants (walking distance), and is on the main transit line (both by TRAIN and by BUS) to reach everywhere in London. The rooms aren't as large as US rooms, but they're not tiny either, as some European hotel rooms tend to be. The staff is quite accommodating. They took care of…",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Stayed at the Hilton Kensington when I was in London in march. Couldn't recommend it highly enough. Superb location in heart of London with all facilities nearby. A short walk to Shepherd's Bush and good bus connections all day long. A nice shopping mall called Westfield is also just a quick walk away. Nice and cosy area.  Rooms are very nice and clean. Did I mention that the staff was service minded and great? Most importantly (if you have the opportunity), access the executive lounge after a long day exploring London.  Excellent place to chill!",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
4163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for a Hilton!,"I am a Hilton Honors silver card holder and often use Hilton hotels when travelling. You can usually get very good rates if you book and pay well in adavnce. on the Hilton website.We booked this one on the basis of good reviews on Trip Advisor but a number of small but irritating things became frustrating and left a bad impression.  Check in was very slow, we came back after a few hours shopping, about 5 pm and our room was still not ready. A receptionist called Ian was excellent and did his very best to help, he was outstanding. However the communication between housekeeping and recption seems to be chaotic. Ian called housekeeping several times to try to discover the status of possible rooms. We rejected the first room we were offered as the bed creaked terribly, when we…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,average hotel/good access to westfield shopping center,"i stayed at hilton kensington in april with my 12 year old daughter for 3 nights.- it is a tired hotel, needs to be refurbished -both the lobby and the rooms are dated, as well as the breakfast area. i chose it because it is a hilton and was close to olmypia and westfeild shopping center. the westfield shopping center turned out to be very good with good restaurants and all shopping needs- this is a hotel far from the city center- we took the bus which stops in front of the hotel- 94, and it took you directly to oxford circus, but we stayed at metropole hilton, strand palace etc. before which are in the center.  hilton kensington is your choice if you want to stay immediately across westfield, but at the price we paid, much better hotels could be found close to the center.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
4165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Easter weekend away,"We booked this hotel because it had the half price offer on. We were a bit uneasy looking at the hotel from the outside but once inside it was really nice, the staff were really friendly. The room was on the small side but we had everything we needed.We had free afternoon tea and drinks at teatime plus an executive room in with the price. Bus stop right outside the hotel into London and the Westfield shopping centre on your doorstep. We would certainly stay at this hotel again, infact we tried to book again when we got home but it was full.",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good value for money,"I stayed a couple of nights at Hilton Kensington and found it surprisingly good in many ways, considering our double room was nicely priced at around £100 per night including a big and decent breakfast buffet.   The rooms are clean and has the usual gear - mini bar, TV, phone and Internet (additional fee).  Service is friendly and attentive.  The location is more Shepherd's Bush than anything else (certainly not Kensington) but for me that was nothing but great as I spent my time there.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,Stayed here for a visit to the new Westfield Centre. The room was a bit small but adequate and the bed was comfy.  Breakfast has a good selection of cooked food as well as 'continental' style. Check-in staff very helpful and friendly. The hotel was/is very busy as it is popular for conferences and seminars. I would stay again - if the price was right. Hiltons web site prices are high - try last minute dot com or suchlike for a better price.,Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location to stay,Just stayed a few days in April 2011. Room is small but comfortable and quiet. The Westfield London is a very short walk with good restaurants and shopping.,Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good area to stay in London,"Had 3 nights here and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  Our room wasn't big, but everything we could possibly need was available, including an iron and ironing board.  The room cleanlieness was excellent, bed comfortable, shower good and we did not experience any noise from the corridor or adjoining rooms.  The area nearby has one or two good restaurants and we enjoyed walking up through the Notting Hill area which had a great atmosphere and some very nice shops.  We felt safe both day and night - walking and on the tube.  Good choice!",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expect from a Hilton,Unfortuneatly I could not recommend this hotel. The best part about it is that it is near the shopping centre at Sheperds Bush station. I found the service in most cases ( not all) to be impersonal.  The corridor and room had a really unpleasant odour which I am sad to say was because of a staff member. I found the breakfast in the restaurant to be a factory. I was really disappointed in this as a place to stay in London.,Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
4171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good base,"Lovely hotel, clean with friendly staff. Happy to store your luggage when you arrive early or on day of departure, so you can carry on with sightseeing.  The hotel is on a busy road as someone else commented but our room looked onto this road and the sound proofing was great, no noise at all.  Good choice at breakfast but could hardly be described as hot!! There was a queue to be seated for breakfast but we only had to wait a few minutes and there is a supply of pastries, orange juice and papers which you can help yourself too, so it wasn't an issue.   5 Minutes walk to Westfield shopping centre in Shepherds Bush which has loads of shops and places to eat. Across the road and to the left, there are more restuarants, cafes and shops. Holland Park is lovely and it's only a 15…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel but the room was so hot!,"The location of this Hilton in London is excellent. It's not too close to the noise or chaos, but it's close to the Shepherd's Bush tube station; you can catch the bus there too if you need. It's a stone's throw from the Westfield mall full of high-end brands like Mulberry, Burberry, Dior and others. There is a grocery store on the bottom floor of the mall too; very convenient! The service at the hotel was almost perfect. The room was small, of course, but that's to be expected in Europe and especially in London. My only issue was that the room was extremely hot, in late March no less! There was only a small window we could crack, which let in no air. The air conditioner merely circulated the hot air.   We complained on the second day and they brought us a fan. We met some other…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Overall, a great hotel. Room had a lot of light, but good block out curtains for sleeping. Good range at the buffet breakfast - my partner highly recommends the made to order omlettes. Staff friendly and helpful.  While it is a bit out from central London, its only a few minutes walk to Sheppards Bush tube station, or Holland Park tube. There are also regular buses to Piccadilly or Kensington High Street.  The Indian restaurant across the road - the Royal Tandoori - is very nice and very reasonable priced - we ate there twice during our 5 night stay. There are also lots of places to eat at Westfield Shopping Centre, a 5 minute walk away. There is also free wifi at the shopping centre.  The laundry across the road is expensive and doesn't do a very good job. If you need some…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely experience!,"Only stayed one night, got a really good deal with LateRooms.com. Staff were really friendly and so helpful too. Room was decent size, comfy beds and spotlessly clean. Bathroom was ok, could have been a bit smarter though. Great location for shopping (Westfield shopping centre 5 mins up the road), also good bus route for Oxford Street and West End . Not far from tube too.Breakfast was excellent with a fantastic choice, hotel coffee bar a little pricey though. Will definately come back!",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
4175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"2 further stays: service great, rooms variable, average 8/10","Read my more detailed earlier review to get a better idea of this hotel. I've now stayed here twice more since I wrote that.  Pros: The staff here are absolutely great, friendly, efficient and helpful. Check-in is always a pleasure. Westfield is literally across the road as is the Central line, which is very convenient. The rooms are mostly fresh and new, cleanliness is good (noticed the rooms I've had that have been cleaned by Beata have been the most spotless). Sound insulation of walls and windows is good.  Cons: Rooms are a bit smaller than the average for 4*, headroom in bath is very low, nowhere to put soap by sink. Sound insulation of doors could be better. They don't seem to be able to pick up Eurosport any more and need to rectify this ASAP.  Stayed in January in 3083,…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value - great location,"Having stayed at various hotels in Europe, we didn´t know what to expect. We were pleseantly surprised, however. The rooms were spotless, and the beds were comfortable. The breakfast buffet was amazing: Omelettes cooked to order, full English breakfast and a nice variety of fruits, cereals and bread. When we asked for espressos and cappucinos, they were quickly delivered to our table. We booked our rooms with breakfast included. If you pay at the hotel, it´ll set you back £20/person. There is no free wifi at the hotel. Wired in-room internet access cost £15 for 24 hrs.   Pros: Great location, clean. Good beds,  superb breakfast. Cons: Beds are queen size, rooms are a little small. The bar at the hotel is expensive. Internet connectivity is poor.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
4177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,It was a last minute booking and we were delighted with the venue.  Very close to the underground and a bus tour right across the road.  Not to mention the brilliant shopping centre Westfield which was 3 mins walk. Room was a bit narrow but other than that it had everything required for a 2 night stay and we got free pancakes on Tues evening a real treat and they were divine.,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"GOOD HOTEL,  ENJOYED STAY.","Stayed for 2days in Feb.No problems whatsoever.I requested a, quite room and was given one.If you arrive by Tube (Shepherds Bush station)  turn left exiting the station-walk about 100yards-cross road -look straight ahead and you should see the hotel name above the other buildings.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Prices but not central!",Great Hotel - rooms are decent and furnished well and quiet - executive lounge with its afternoon tea and evening drinks not to be missed if you've booked an exec room or are a Hilton Honiors Gold or higher member - as is the complementary breakfast - not as extensive as breakfast buffet in main restaurant but  still good.  Only draw back is its location - not central but then the price reflects that and it doesn't take long by tube or bus to central London. Great shopping at the Westfield Shopping in any event.  Stay here quite often and its not far to Holland Park and Notting Hill.,Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent but not great,"I recently stayed at this hotel for a last minute trip to London. While the location is okay - close to the Shepard's Bush tube stop and the Westfield Shopping Centre, it still is a ways out from the main attractions.  The room was decent size and quality and fairly soundproof.  The only couple of issues we encountered was the poor service in the hotel bar.  They were fairly busy for a Saturday night, but it took forever to get anyone to wait on us and we never received utensils even after asking a couple of times. They also forgot part of our order and it took a long time to get it. The other issue was the breakfast buffet - it was good with alot of choices, but they were quick to run out of things and slow to replenish. If you have time to check online, I'm sure you can find…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
4181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good Hilton,"I like this Hilton, the location, the bar, the fitness club, the executive lounge and rooms. The breakfast here is pretty good too. Try for a room on a higher floor for quiet, and book online for good prices",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Recommended,"Standards as you would expect from a Hilton.  Room great size, staff helpful and friendly, choice at breakfast was great. 10/15 minute walk from Holland Park tube station. Great online deal through their own website so value for money.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfect - Excellent hotel,"Fabulous - the best hotel we have stayed in in London.  Check in smooth, room pleasant, comfortable and clean.  Staff friendly and helpful and breakfast excellent. Could find no fault at all with this hotel - really good",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
4184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent business hotel, but will not be on my list for romantic stay","First of all it is an hotel, I quite often use and stay at the place at least 10 times a year. It is even convenient if you have to do business in the city (30 min door to door, using central line)   The bar is one of the standard Hilton open plan bar, with very friendly staff. The rooms are OK, with decent tea and coffee making facility.  Wired internet, is not very fast. If you got a executive room or are Hilton Gold/Diamond member, the lounge even if relatively small does have a nice choice of snacks, fingerfood and alcohol. Lounge Breakfast is quite good as well.   Coming to the room, I got the feeling they have all more or less the same size, some are newer than other. Once I had a suite, which looks more like 2 communicating rooms.  For me this hotel is relatively decently…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good but could have been better...,"So check in was good, we managed to get in earlier than the usual check in time and our room, on first inspection, was acceptable - if you can handle a 3*, much smaller than usual room containing a bed on wheels. HOWEVER, the commencing of a pneumatic drill and hammering wasn't expected or pre-warned - not on their website, on lastminute.com when we booked or even at check in! After complaining we moved rooms, twice, to try and get away from the noise - this was only accomplished when being upgraded to an executive room on the top floor - a room that is worthy of a 4* rating. You definitely pay for location - 5 minutes from central line tube stops but if we'd paid anywhere near the full room rate, even with an upgrade, we would have been very disappointed. Have a look at Top…",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
4186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Quite, spacious and comfortable","Got a bargain for double room with breakfast and what a bargain it was. Arrived in the morning and was greeted by a very friendly receptionist. She offered to check me in although the room first was ready a couple of hours later. I could then leave my luggage and go visit London city. The hotel is out not in center of London but a bus for Oxford Circus is across the street and the tube is app. 5 min walk away. It takes about 15-20 min to get to Oxford Circus. When I got back at 2 o'clock my room was ready. It was on the 3rd floor facing the backside. The room had a doublebed, armchair, table, desk, dresser with a small LCD TV (22"" or 24""). It was very spacious. Reception on the LCD TV was not that good but there was a number of british channels and a couple of french an german…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
4187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very surprised,"Normally stay in a central London Hotel but couldn't get in our usual choices.   I'll get the negatives out of the way first, the obvious is it isn't central and there is a bit of commuting required although Shep Bush tube is minutes away and Holland Park tube is about 10 mins away but a very pleasant walk with lots of coffee/cake shops a long the way. The room wasn't the largest but more than ample. The other moan and it's me be fussy was the sound proofing never brilliant, seemed a little worse than some others but not the worst by far.  Now for the important part of our stay:  The staff were execllent, very helpful and polite but not over the top which I find a little false. They ere there and willing if needed. The hotel was spotless from our room to the public areas, even…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, great service, lovely stay","Stayed at this hotel only one night because we had theatre tickets, the location on Holland Park Avenue was excellent with easy access to Westfield, Holland Park, various local shops and local tube stations. It was also walking distance to Portobello road market. Check in was friendly and efficient and our room was very quiet, modern and well appointed although a little small. Breakfast was excellent with a huge selection and quick service for tea and coffee despite being very busy. Cant comment on the other evening meals or the bar as we did not need them. All in all we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel Great Stay,"This hotel is really nice. Staff were friendly and helpful. We arrived before the official time to check in but there was no problem, we were checked in to our room. It was busy when we arrived but there was plenty of staff behind reception so we weren't kept waiting.  The room itself was compact - a little small but not too small! The room was VERY warm. It woke my partner a number of times during the night even with the window open.  Housekeeping also called to our room before 8am on Saturday which was really early for us!! but saying that we didn't have the do not disturb sign up so they weren't really to blame.  Location wise this hotel is right beside West field shopping center and Shepard Bush and Holland Park tubes are equal distance away. Less then a 10 min. walk. …",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Hotel i've ever stayed in!,"i'll start with the pros - friendly staff and nice buffet breakfast, but the cons far outweigh the pros. This is the worst Hilton Hotel I have stayed in. It is an expensive hotel - not even so much a free bottle of water of WiFi. Rooms are so small you can just about fit 2 suitcases on the floor. NO BATH and a tiny shower - i'm only 5ft 5 and os slim build and i had to bend my head under the shower head. Carpet in the room had visible crumbs. Don't stay here if you are looking for a good nights sleep as the walls are paper thin and the cleaners begin banging (and i mean banging) the doors at 6.30am until about 11-non-stop. I had to get out of bed the first morning to tell them to stop and the cleaning manager apologised, however the cleaning lady just scowled at me. Needless to…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
4191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bar good.  Service good.  Location good.  Rooms just ok.,"2nd stay here on business.  Took the tube from Wembly to Holland Park and walked about 10 mins to the hotel.  Rooms are small, even by London standards, and the mini-bars are no longer serviced, which is disappointing for a business traveler wanting an in-room beverage.  Enjoyed the bar, service was great.  Breakfast was great.  Location is good for restaurants in Kensington, just  short taxi ride. LHR is about 30 mins away by taxi.   Bottom line, Kensington Hilton is a decent choice for business travel in London, more affordable than Hilton Metropole and way better than Hyde Park Hilton.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
4192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Dated buildings with very shabby outside.   Executive double room very small with so called 'climate control' which was uncontrollable and had no instructions for use.   Room was therefore too hot and airless, in spite of opening a window.   Bath enamel was chipped, very unsightly and weighing machine was rusty.   Lavatory started to leak but was quickly fixed on request.   Reception, bar staff & concierge were all friendly and helpful.   Some other clients were extremely rude.   The hotel may be well situated for business meetings but it is not a pleasure to stay in.",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
4193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A genuine bargain!,"We had a wonderful stay in the Hilton and could not fault it in any way.  It ticked all the boxes for us and the breakfast buffet and choice was excellent.  It was our wedding anniversary and I had mentioned this when making the booking, we were flabbergasted when we went to our room to find a bottle of champagne and strawberries!  Absolutely A* from us both!",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
4194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"PROS: The concierge, Rashid, was good. The location is close to Westfield but quite far from everything else.  CONS: The room we were given was exposed to extreme construction noise - hammering, drilling, sawing - which we weren't informed about so we didn't get any sleep. We complained about this - apparently, a lot of people complained about this issue - so we were transferred to a new room. While we were out, most of our bags were moved to a new room, but we weren't told where! We called reception about this and it took them half an hour to send the new room keys up. In our new room, the toilet doesn't flush properly. It also takes a while to call room service, as the phone will always have a busy tone. A similar issue with calling reception, as it will always divert to an…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
4195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel and the room was clean!!!,"Lovely hotel and easy to find, Check in is not till 3pm but we arrived an hour early and our room was ready which was great, the room was spotless and smelt SO clean very impressed. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The only thing is the beds are on wheels so kept loosing the pillows down the back of the bed, the beds would be better if not on wheels. I also think the hotel would be even better if it had a pool! Breakfast was lovely and so much choice will be visiting again!",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hotel worthy of Hilton brand and close to Westfield Shopping Centre,"We stayed 2 February, pre-booking through TopTable (which I learned at Reception I had forfeited HHonors points!). The hotel is within 5-10 mins walk of Shepherds Bush Tube and Overground train stations and the huge Westfield Shopping Centre.  Check-in was a bit slow as all 3 staff on Reception were on the phone at the same time and a small queue of us built up.  We had room 734 on the top floor which appeared to be modernised. A large bed to sleep on (the No 1 essential for any hotel room) and a bathroom equipped with shower over the bath.  We did not use the tea-making facilities. The ground floor of the hotel has a business centre, bar and restaurant.  We did not use them but they looked modern and inviting.  I paid £134 pre-paid without breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good facilities,"Easy to find, helpful and well informed staff. Great facilities all in excellent order. Good value. Food was also lovely.",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
4198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ask for a room away from the lifts!,"I picked up a great rate for my room via the Hilton sale.  For the location and the fact breakfast was included, under £80 for a double was excellent!  With a regular Hilton rate I would not be so generous with my 'Value' rating.  The location of this hotel is super for those who want to be near Shepherd's Bush, Holland Park or Notting Hill.  Others may find it too far from the centre of town, but the 94 bus picks up and drops off right outside he hotel and goes to Oxford St, Regent St and Piccadilly.  The Central line is also easily reachable by foot.  For solo travellers it is super to have Westfield next door as you have a great choice of restaurants and cinemas, so no dull evenings stuck in your hotel!  The Hilton lobby is large and has more staff than I am used to seeing…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
4199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent Hilton for Europe standards, but avoid rooms by elevators","I stayed here for a conference.  The location was nice, the staff was helpful for local transportation, and the hotel was booked solid.  Downside was I had one of the smallest beds, but this is standard for much of Europe.  It was also one of the most uncomfortable beds I have ever stayed on.  The room was also decent sized for European standards, or I should say I have stayed in smaller rooms in London before.    The only real complaint I have is the noise from the hallway and I was located next to the elevators.  In the rooms you can hear everything that happens in the hallways.    Not up to US standards, but overall a nice hotel in London.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
4200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Standard Hotel,"Stayed for 3 nights in January.  A good hotel, well located if you don't mind using tube/buses. It was 5 minutes walk from Shepard's bush tube station and 5 minutes from Westfield Shopping Centre which has a selection of restaurants and a cinema if you want something nearby.  There were also a few restaurants further down Holland Park Avenue, and Holland Park tube further down that road too.  The hotel does not look much from the outside but is clean and of a good standard inside.  The rooms have everything you need apart from a hairdryer that you do not need to hold your finger on! The communal areas are nice and the breakfast restaurant large.  The breakfast has a good choice of continental and cooked breakfasts, although i do not think it is worth the £20 per head charged if…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very pleasant stay,"stayed 2 nights on a short break. location is fine for tube. rooms not huge but bigger than i was expecting for london. only room for a shower in the bathroom. room was clean, comfortable and quiet. breakfast very nice. certainly very good value for money on the deal we had. parking is expensive but convenient and again no more than i would expect for london. the staff were very helpful and friendly",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Really good & friendly staff,"our original plan was to stay further into London but we certainly have no regrets.  As well as the usual sightseeing, we booked two shows which just wasn't aproblem as we now have bus passes & the buses stop at least every ten minutes just outside of the hotel.  Our room was surprisingly large, comfortable & clean. The breakfasts were excellent with many choices but we both remarked on the friendly & efficiency of the staff of many different nationalties. checking in & out was carried by very pleasant & helpfull staff.",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
4203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Professional service and rooms,"Great hotel, with modern furnishings and excellent hotel staff. Everything you would expect from a Hilton in London and doesn't fail to disappoint on any level. Taxis easy to catch from outside (approx 15mins to west end/pic circus) and shepherds bush tube is five minutes across the road. Car park underneath with a reduced rate for hotel residents",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hilton London Kensington.  The location is ideal for the Olympia exhibition centre, just a 5 minute walk away.  Sadly I was very disappointed with the hotel for the following reasons: - I checked in approx 7pm.  On entering the room there was a dirty sock, a tube of toothpaste and a bottle of shower gel.  The housekeepers came to the room about an hour or so later, she was surprised I was already in there because the room was apparently not ready, she took the things and apologised a lot. - There was no hot water from the shower, due to time restrictions I was forced to take a cold shower.  I reported it to reception and the engineer had carried out a repair during the day.  On the second morning I was surprised to find that not…",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
4205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Welcoming,"My husband and I stayed in  this Hotel from 1st to 4th January 2011.  It's across the  road from the underground and Westfield Shopping Mall. The Staff are very helpful. The rooms are nice and clean. They certainly take care of their clients. It was my birthday and lol, a  bottle of champange and a cake awaited me in my room. Thank you all for making my stay and my birthday a memorable one. I will certainly go there again.",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
4206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good stay/service - excellent location for Westfield,"At the end of a busy week stayed here overnight. Warm welcome, upgraded with Hhonors, really enjoyed the Exec lounge - excellent service. Had breakfast in the main breakfast room as the choice there is greater, including freshly prepared omlettes, very busy but staff coped well. Thoroughly enjoyed our visit.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and location,My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights.  Kensington is a great location to explore London.  The hotel was pretty and the staff helpful. The mini bars are not good. Overall I enjoyed the hotel and would stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A modern hilton located near Westfield,"Just a one night stay but a comfortable nights sleep in what was a modern Hilton with a good bar, restaurant and ideally located if I guess you fancied a shopping weekend near the Westfield shopping centre.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value at the right rate,Rooms a little small but very helpful staff. The overt security was little disconcerting and suggests the area is more Sheppards Bush than Kensington. Location very near the excellent Westfield shOpping centre. Good breakfast. Our rate of £70 per night for the room Inc breakfast was great value but you are an extra few tube stops from the central attractions,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location, Internet price is a rip-off","Good hotel at an excellent location, close to the tube and a bus stop right in front of it (many busses running thsough Notting Hill to Marble Arch and Oxford street. Good connections to Paddington as well. Ideal for Christmas holidays and shopping. The only really bad thing is the price of the Internet. If you intend to use the Internet, chose another hotel.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Ideal location, modern and great for a stay in the capital.","Hotel was a 5 minute walk from Shepards Bush tube station, making it easy to get to and move around the city (apart from when the Central line was closed for improvements - so had a 15/20 minute walk to Shepherds Bush Market station). Went to a concert in Hammersmith and was a good location for this and also done some sightseeing. The Westfield shopping centre is also on the doorstep, so good location for a shopping trip also. The breakfast selection was immense and set me up for the day! Also had an evening meal there one night. This was offered at reception for a special price and was a nice meal with good surroundings and service. The room was as you would expect, clean and modern with the usual facilites and services available. Would definately recommend.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,THE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED AT!!!,"I am an avid traveler who stays at Hilton all over the world. I can clearly say that this is the worst Hilton location and hotel I have ever stayed at. 1. The rooms are small 2. The hotel is old and outdated 3. The beds are creeky 4. The walls are PAPER THIN 5. You can literally hear the people next door going to the bathroom 6. The executive lounge breakfast and service is terrible 7. They charge you for things that you did not purchase, so look at your receipt.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
4213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great deal,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night .10mins from tube. Rooms good for short stay got the heating just right and a excellent breakfast in the deal ,very good staff at breakfast .",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not quite up to Hilton standards.,"Overdue review - we stayed at this hotel in dec '09. We were not impressed by this hotel.  Upon check in we were upgraded to a room in the executive floor, which seemed like a pretty standard room, nothing special.  Room was clean and nice, but a bit small for the executive room standards.  Also, the room was very cold.  We complained about the temperature and they brought us a small heater which, even though it warmed the room, it made a lot of noise.  And the water pressure in the shower was very poor.  The executive lounge was also surprisingly unmanned and dirty on our first day.  There were dirty dishes and empty bottles all over the counter.  There weren’t any clean cups to serve yourself some coffee or tea and the fridges were poorly stocked.  Thanks to another guest who…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel is located within walking distance of three tube entrances, local pubs, Kensington Palace, a four-story Mall, Portobello Market, Harrods.  There is a bus stop right out front, and they can always call a cab for you.  The Concierge was more than helpful.  We would stay at this hotel again and recommend it highly as your typical Hilton (all the amenities).",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
4216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel depending on price,This is a good hotel if you can get it for a good price and you do not mind taking a 15 min ride into the city.  We got this hotel on sale for US$100/night with breakfast so it was a great deal.  The hotel is conveniently located a few blocks from the Shephard’s Bush underground station on the Central line (red line).  There is also a large mall and cinema next to the underground.  I did not see a lot of restaurants nearby and the area beyond the mall did not look very attractive.  We did not check out the food options in the mall.  We ate dinner in the city before returning to the hotel. I agree the size of the room was small but manageable.  No free Wi-fi.  A great buffet breakfast was included with our room which we enjoyed.,Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Spacious rooms in London are rare at this price, central line tube station - fabulous.","We booked this hotel for one night, located nearest Shepard`s Bush tube station, it was an ideal location.  You pay a lot more for hotels in the west end/Mayfair locations and the 7 or so tube stations between this hotel and central (oxford street and bond street) literally takes about 15 minutes on the tube.  So location is fantastic.  Also within a 5 minute walk is the luxury Westfield Mall: http://uk.westfield.com/london/ which is full of great shopping and restaurants.  While I generally prefer boutique and character hotels, this american chain was the perfect choice after lugging heavy suitcases all over the UK, a large room with king size bed and bathroom, massive closet and big screen tv was just what we needed to rest up and head into soho for dinner and back easily…",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
4218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Ok-ish if you get a good rate and don't mind the negative sides,"I was able to book this Hilton for a great rate includig breakfast. That together with the excellent location close to the underground made us pick this hotel for a Christmas break. The good: breakfast buffet, friendly staff, location.  The bad: the beds are really bad, so bad I was awake a couple of times per night and we had to buy pain killers for my wifes back after the first night. The room doors all seem to close with a loud bang so you hear all your neighbours leaving, not the nicest way to wake up in the morning. Carpet in the room looked dirty with some big stains.  Definitely more 3 than 4 star location.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Its never a deal until you stayed at the Hilton,"It was our very first to London together and we found a great deal on Latestays.com with the hilton. It was only 99 pounds and this is inclusive of breakfast! Amazing. The kind of price you pay for London accomodation is considered very cheap and plus its in one of the loveliest part of London. There are two metro stations available ie Holland Park and Shepherds Bush and you could walk along the lovely roads. Plus the Bus Tour stops directly in front of the hotel which made it so convinient for us. When we first arrived, we were greeted with wine and fruits in our room which was a lovely touch and the breakfast spread every morning is really good. We even got to the train station to Brighton from where we stayed which was amazingly convinient. Definitely be back for another…",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, not worth it","Not sure why, but it looks like the reception had been renovated but the rooms are from the 90s. The bathroom was not clean and the bed was uncomfortable and squeeking. Although the window was closed, I could hear all the noise from the street. Not worth the price I paid.",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
4221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Marketing Madness in Kensington,"The Hilton Kensington is like an experiment in marketing gone awry. A number of things undermine what for me would otherwise have been a great hotel.  First it's a realtor/estate agent stretch to claim this hotel is in Kensington, it's really in the less ritzy Shepherds Bush, that said this puts it 200 yards from a major transit hub that's much better than Kensington (although you need to take 2 pedestrian crossings over a very busy highway).  The rooms themselves are standard 4* fare - but unless my hair grew abnormally long in the night someone else's hair was definitely in my bathroom. My queen size bed was very comfortable. The room was reasonably quiet (sounds from the corridor but not much else).  Breakfast takes the biscuit! Breakfast is a princely 20 pounds or 31 dollars…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very small room, but not far from underground.","The rooms are very very very small. My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night, so we only had one backpack each, so I could not imagine if you had a suitcase with you, how tight it would feel.  Other than how small the room was, the room was clean, bed and pillows were very comfortable and Shepherds Bush station was a short walk away.   I left some items in the room, and when I called, house keeping advised that they did find items in our room, but I had to pay for the postage, which was fair enough. I then confirmed what items were left and was told yes that was them. I then had to make two more phone calls to make sure the items were sent as I had not received them for three weeks. When I did finally receive the items, they were not mine. I called the hotel to advise, and…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
4223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Standard Hotel Near a Shopping Mall,"The reason I selected this Hilton was that it was within walking distance from the Westfield Mall, and the Shepherd Bush station at the Mall.  It is a standard Hilton hotel with all the amenities.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
4224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Worth the Money,We had high expectations having never stayed in a Hilton hotel before. Our expectations were even higher having spent a fortune on the room without breakfast. We called our room 'The Caravan' as there was barely enough room to move around in. We had no room to place our suitcase as the room was cluttered with pointless furniture. The bathroom again was very compact. The TV was placed in a position on the wall so that you would have to bend your head in order to pass it to access the bathroom and exit. Walls were very thin. The bar and the food were extremely expensive. Staff were nice but were arguing with each other over who should change the barrel and you didn't see them unless you had a problem. The lobby was nice and the hotel is located near a big shopping centre and…,Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
4225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, friendly and reliable Hilton, 9/10","I would be giving this hotel 4.5 if such a rating was possible on Tripadvisor.  We were impressed with this Hilton, where we stayed for 2 nights in what was presumably a low occupancy period - the hotel seemed very quiet. This was also the reason why we got an excellent deal through Priceline - £68/night plus taxes and fees, making the total paid around £83/night.  The location of the hotel is nice, it's a bit out of the centre but in quite an upmarket area, with about a 8 minute walk to the tube and a bus stop directly outside the hotel (handy as there was a tube strike during our stay). There are some decent pubs and restaurants past the tube and towards Notting Hill. The architecture of the hotel leaves an awful lot to be desired, but there's not a lot they can do about that…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
4226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very nice hotel for single female traveler,"great location in leafy residential yet in the London area with many embassies and local restaurants .near tube and buses stop right out front.Clean accommodations,very cofortable bed and very safe. Staff helpful.Tiffany at desk on checkout sweet and caring but the top performer was the concierge TIM  who went out of his way to help me get out of town during the tube strike by calling 8 different transport services. This guy really undertsnads guest service.Thanks Tim you're my hero!!!",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
4227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Above average Hilton,"I stayed with my wife and son for three nights. From the outside the building looks grim, but the reception area is welcoming and the staff friendly.   The bedroom was spacious and comfortable (we had a basic guest room with a double bed and sofa bed). As always with Hiltons, drinks in the mini bar are extortionate (although not much cheaper in the hotel bar on the ground floor, either).  On a couple of mornings there were large queues for breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
4228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Best Place to Stay for Shopping,"We adore the Hilton Kensington.  Since refurbishment, staying here is even more of a pleasure.  During our recent weekend in London, my husband and I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for the 5th time and once again NOT disappointed.  From the minute we enter the doors, we are welcomed.  Breakfast is amazing, the rooms are clean and the price leaves more in the wallet for shopping at Westfield (minutes walk away).  Notting Hill and Holland Park are a stroll away.  Bus to central outside the main door, tube station a short walk away.   I would recommend this hotel for anybody wanting a comfortable, clean, safe place to stay in a beautiful location in London, and who don't mind strolling arm in arm through parks to reach Hyde Park and beyond.",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
4229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great if you get a good deal...,"Stayed here for one night after a trade show at earls court. Location is good, shepherds bush and holland tube stations a short walk away, bus stop right outside.  We had a discount rate of £70 pounds from priceline.co.uk and at that price the hotel was a very good deal. However had we paid the full rate we would have been a little disappointed. The usual hotel problem of impressive lobby and bar, but our room was rather tired all be it very clean. Negative points were the tatty sliding door on the bathroom that didn't have a proper handle, the mini bar was empty and  the buzz from the empty fridge was rather loud and irritating. Plus points were the restaurant (£23 for three course dinner of pretty high quality), the fixtures and fittings in the bathroom were excellent and the…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
4230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Disappointing rooms, bad service, outrages price, keep away!","Where should I start?  The receptionists were non-communicative, non-smiling and horribly not customer-oriented. Every request from my side was initially answered with a 'no' (but I insisted to get what I wanted). Receptionist did not send anyone to the room, upon being asked to inspect the air-condition.  Rooms were old, neglected and with a troubling noise of an engine or an air-condition. I had to change 3 rooms until I got a descent renovated one (for the same price!!), but also in that renovated room shower handle was broken, there were missing lamps, and there was no way to get any fresh air, since the only window to the balcony was locked 'for safety reasons'!!  The most elementary things like a body cream and a shower cup were missing in the bathroom, although the…",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
4231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, but small rooms. Pillows not comfy...","I was disappointed by this Hilton. The room was small. The reception told me they only had rooms available with twin-size beds (not even double-size or queen). The pillows were not comfortable at all. Just not the standard you would expect from Hilton. The walls between the rooms are paper-thin, so you get woken up everytime one of your neighbours enter or exit their rooms... The rooms were also much smaller compared to another cheaper London hotel I stayed at.  The food from the room service was greasy and not that great at all.  On the positive side: the rooms were clean and the hotel is located about a 10-minute walk from Holland Park tube station (Central line) which is convenient to go downtown. There are also some nice French cafes in the area.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
4232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"good quality for value, very helpful and pleasant staff.","Stayed there weekend for business/leisure with husband, attended conference at Olympia which is 10 min walking away. Large Shopping centre 5 min away and plenty of lovely restaurants nearby. Tubestation nearby brind one fast into city. Rooms were as expected in this type of hotel, not very big, but enough, clean and decent bathroom. Breakfast was included in room rate as it was weekend, was also good range of choice. Would stay again, would rate as normal 4 star, not over the top, but decent quality.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"not central, but convenient","was close to Shepherds Bush underground station which made sightseeing very easy - we bought the weekly travelcard - this worked on the trains  as well as the buses There is a bus stop directly outside the hotel and this is a great way to sightsee on your way to your destination. The concierge gave us a bus map which was invaluable. Don't post your postcards from the hotel shop - we beat them home. Other postcards sent almost 2 weeks later arrived before these ones. No free wifi - so go over to the nearby Wetherspoons and have a drink with free wifi There are cafes and supermarkets close by. You are not able to put your goodies in the minibar fridge - it registers if you move anything. You can request an empty fridge, but it costs10GBP each day. There was an ice machine on our…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
4234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, pity breakfast was tepid. Staff very pleasant.","Take extra id with you as they ask for it at check in. If they take copies as for sight of destruction on leaving, if they refuse write and complain. I believe they are improperly holding data. That all said our room was adequate, clean and staff were good. No night noise other than nearby ice machine and some bedroom gymnastics above. Breakfast was well presented but hot buffet was only tepid and on cold/luke warm plates soon went cold. We did also have an issue with breakfast on day 2 in that we were denied it!! Until we pointed out that our deal included it... Overall: Reasonable vfm but a few niggles left me a bit miffed.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
4235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,terrible,"tiny rooms, lots of noise, very pricy for quality of hotel. reception understaffed. always had to wait. only good thing is the location",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
4236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"average, average, average!",We stayed here for a business trip and with the prices they are were expecting a much nicer stay! The room was....average! The bed was comfortable but there was an annoying fan noise just outside the room which made it difficult to get to sleep! We dined for dinner one night and the food was cruise ship quality! Breakfast wasn't too bad though!,Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
4237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay here again,"We had such a hard time checking in as the receptionist didn't know what she was doing and wasn't particularly polite. She took us to the business centre and made us find our own booking on line to print off. She wasn't even remorseful or apologetic. The room was expensive, old and pokey and you would have expected more from a supposed hotel of this calibre. When there are so many lovely hotels in London in the same price range it would be foolish to book here again. All round, a real disappointment.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
4238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location & great service,Great stay at this hotel. Excellent location and service.,Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK stay - but too expensive for the accommodations provided,We stayed in this hotel for the last 3 nights of our 10-day trip throughout the country.  The place was clean and the staff was friendly - even the restaurant was very good.  This is the best I can probably say about it.  The rooms were very tiny and cramped - hardly room for luggage.  The furnishings were cheap and in need of repair.  The bathroom was the worst - if you are over 6ft 2in - you won't be able to stand up straight in the shower.  I think this place spends all their money on the lobby and not on the rooms where people sleep.  Luckily we only needed the place to sleep at night otherwise we were out touring and weren't even at the hotel.  The price of the room was extremely high for the quality of the rooms.  The location is within a short walk to the tube - and you…,Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
4240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely location,"This hotel has a lovely location in a residential part of Kensington. If arriving by tube get off at Holland Park, a fraction further away but a nicer walk and easier to find the hotel.  Staff polite, service good, room clean and comfortable. Just one complaint, we were in a room opposite the ice maker and people were getting ice all throught the night. Next time we would ask to be moved.  WE didnt eat at the hotel, there are a lot of places close by. Our favouite for breakfast was Paul, a lovely french patisserie just up the road by the tube station. We walked to Portabello Rd on Saturday morning( go early before it gets too crowded) Would stay again",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","I stayed here for two weeks for business and would definitely go back. As expected the rooms were small, however it was workable especially if you get one of the rooms on the front side of the hotel. Room service was pricey and adequate, but they really out did themselves on the breakfast buffet. Internet access was expensive but reliable. The staff was friendly and helpful. At first I was a little dismayed at how far away from the Center of London it was, that is until I discovered the charms of the Holland Park neighborhood. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the Westfield mall and restaurants. There are dozens of great places to grab a bite ranging from formal to food court. 5 minutes in the other direction is Notting Hill. There were tons of tiny restaurants and pubs. There…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean well-appointed spacious rooms near Kensington,We really like the Hilton chain and usually stay at these hotels.  The Hilton Kensington did not dissapoint us.  We were upgraded for a very nice free breafast buffet.  Typically the hotel rooms in Europe are quite small but we were very satisfied with the rooms here.  The lobby was a bit small but the helpful staff more than made up for that.,Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
4243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, excellent location.","Just back from an overnight stay in the hotel, I find when I stay at a Hitlon that any small niggles (room small, although facilities within are of the usual high standard) are rendered insignificant by the great staff. From Michael on reception to housekeeping staff, all are friendly and welcoming. A special word though for the doorman - a real character who made our stay! Breakfast choices excellent.....sadly we were only there for the one night, but would not hesitate to go back.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,My Favourite Hilton,"I have stayed in many Hiltons due to work and I must admit this has to be my favourite, hence the reason I am writing about it. The service was excellent, staff are exceptionally friendly and endeavour to solve an issues which may arise, the food is very good and the list goes on. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Kensington/Chelsea area.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not one of the better London Hiltons,"Last stayed here a number of years ago and all I remember was that the executive lounge was being refurbished, the rooms were tiny, the prices steep, and the check in staff make you feel that you are doing them a favour – at least now they have a nice executive lounge, everything else is the same. Check in was a bit painful, got there about 1'ish so didn’t expect the room to be ready which it wasn’t, asked roughly how long till it was (so I could plan my day) and for some unknown reason had to wait almost 30 minutes to find out even though I was told that they would have that information to me in about 1 minute; I was not the only person waiting for room information. Concierge was more interested in watching the football game shown in the bar than man the concierge area. Shower…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
4246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel in a great part of London,Fantastic service from porters & concierge during stay. Room was very small but clean and comfortable. Great breakfast and located in one of the nicest parts of London.,Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
4247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Usual Hilton standards,"We stayed here for a few days for our Wedding Anniversary as a last minute break. The website says it's nearer to Holland Park but although it's not as nice a walk, Shepherd's Bush is actually a lot nearer. I agree with other reviewers that the rooms are small but we still had a standard Hitlon sized bed and lots of pillows. The aircon worked well and was useful as it was warm and we used the ice machine in the corridor for our ""room beers"" with no problem. There was a flat screen TV with tea and coffee making facilites (inc a biscuit). I was disappointed that there was no bath, only a shower but the bathroom was very small and a bath wouldn't have fitted. We had a strange experience when being checked in by a trainee who said the room we had been allocated was still being…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I was charged US$ 6 perminute for phone calls to USA.,"By US standard, it should be  not more than 3 stars.  the rooms are small, not as modern.  TV is not flat panel as in the pictures on internet. Rooms are not well lit. Furnitures are old. We were group of 5 adults in 3 rooms.  May be the rooms for business customers are better.  Do not eat at their restaurants if you pay on your own despite good breakfast.  It will cost you a fortune.  Cocktail at the AMPM bar cost 8 pounds=12 US$.  Eat at the large nearby mall with many good restaurants with decent prices or near the Underground Stations (2).  Worst of all, when we checked out, we're charged 6 US dollars per minute for calls to U.S. and $ 1.125 per minute for local call in London. Overnight car parking was about $18 a night. The rooms were clean.  Staff generally polite.…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
4249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value in a wonderful location,"Yes, Hilton Hotels are bland and lack any real character but on a value-for-money basis this one on the border between glamorous Holland Park and grungy Shepherds Bush (but also with the Westfield Shopping Centre two minutes away for those who like all their shopping under one roof) is hard to beat. The room was comfortable if plain but had everything you could ask for at this price. My husband and I are both 6 foot tall and the bed was a very comfortable king; everything was spotless including the bathroom. I would warn that breakfasts were crowded and therefore not the most relaxing but the compensation was the sheer variety of the selection and the reasonable quality... all in all, nothing to complain about. And the location is just about perfect for exploring some of…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not what you expect from a 4 star hotel,"Thankfully we only spent one night there. No offer was made to help us with our luggage, very much self service. Four star hotel? The room was tiny as was the bed, my husband is 6ft so it was way too small, the mattress was like rock, very stiff when I woke up. The chair in the bedroom was FILTHY, I didn't want to put my clothes on it. The loo could do with some bleach in the bowl, very stained. Both sets of taps were rusty. The hairdryer was ancient, you could blow stronger! The bath was the size of an overgrown baby bath, thank goodness my husband likes to shower. So much for  4 star hotels now having flat screen t.v's, it was so old it was antiquated. They did have an offer going for breakfast, £10 each rather than the usual £20, it was nice enough. Check out was easy. Though…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
4251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not recommended at all,"I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights out of my 7 days trip in London. I've stayed in many Hilton hotels worldwide and given my experience with the various Hilton chain, I didn't think this would be that bad. To be honest, its the WORST hilton hotel that i've ever stayed!  I arrived late in the evening from Heathrow and I took the underground to Shepherd's Bush station. It was pouring rain at Shepherd's Bush and me and my husband had 2 large 80cm roller bags and a backpack each. We decided to suit up our jackets/coats and walk across to our Hotel in the rain. Needless to say, we were pretty wet by the time we got to the lobby of the Hotel. It was 9pm and when we got into the lobby, the concierge looked at us as if we were from outer space and nobody bothered to approach us asking…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
4252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lived up to my standards',"If you've read my reviews b4 you would know I am a very fussy traveller and I require a clean quality room, in a quality hotel. This hotel did not disappoint. Persons have stated otherwise but I can only speak of m y experience.  The hotel is 3-5 minutes walk from Shepherd Bush station which is on the circle (red) line. THe concierge and check in staff were very helpful and welcomning and provided good answers to my questions.  The room was a standard double and it was very spacious, even fro 2 persons with luggage it would be good.  It was clean and tidy and the bathroom was also clean and tidy. I always inspect my room on arrival and I would say that I was not disappointed.  I did not go down to breakfast or dinner but ordered room service... I found the dinner menu limited…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OVerall it is a good hotel,"We stayed at this hotel in Jan and Fe 2010 for 2 seperate occasions. Overall this is a very good hotel. The hotel seems to be always busy. I am a gold member but do not always get upgraded at this hotel due to the high demand. But the staff tried very hard to accommodate our request and need so a big tick from us. The executive lounge is basic, again is always busy. Food is very basic during the cocktail hours but the breakfast is good. Afternoon snack is also adequate. The gym is small but is functional. Guest rooms are clean and well serviced and they are good size, at least for the ones we stayed.  The only major issue is people slamming the door so hard. You can hear lound door slam through the corridor. Maybe it is the door's faulty design? and the room aircon temperature…",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
4254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Service lets it down,"If I am honest this hotel does not live up to the expectation you have for a Hilton hotel in Knightsbridge.  It is ideally placed just a very short walk away from the Shepherds Bush underground and over ground station so has good transport links to the main sites.  I was disappointed with the speed of check-in, there were only a couple of people in front of me and it seemed to take forever. When I got to the room I was impressed, it was spacious and clean with the same usual high standard Hilton bedding, I actually got a courtesy upgrade to a king room because I am a HHonours member.  One thing I was not very impressed about was during my two night stay the toiletries did not get replenished so had no showergel for the second day.  Breakfast was not up to the usual standard as…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
4255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"Stayed here for one night on business, was booked into a room with a double bed, I'm not sure of the grade. The room was spotless, the linen was the cleanest I've experienced, the bed was very comfortable, everything worked. If I have a complaint, it was that the room was very small, difficult to walk around without bumping into stuff. The lobby was fine if unexciting, staff were helpful. I had to approach the manager to ask for assistance with a work related query, they couldn't have been more helpful and sorted things out for me. Breakfast was a buffet type and was spot on. I did venture into the shop previously mentioned by other reviewers, and bought a bottle of juice for twice the price it would have been in another shop outside. The bar is also very expensive but the…",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
4256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very good,"Stayed here over the bank holiday and had a great time. We booked through last minute.com and had a good deal.  The room was clean, comfortable, and with every thing you need. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Fantastic transport links. With plenty of places to eat and drink  a short walk away, had a lovely curry over the road yummy. We had room 7012 and our friends had room 7016 can not fault it :) :)",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Amazing value,"Cannot believe this hotel regularly has rooms for under £100. You don't get much for £100 in London but this place wipes the floor with everything else at the same price. Spotless hotel, nice rooms and very well looked after by the staff. It might not be central London but it is in a plush neighbourhood. Westfield shopping centre is right on the doorstep and there are some nice bars/restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice but Small,"To Fellow Travellers:   Recently, I had the opportunity to stay at Hilton Kensington, LHR. It is a nice hotel. Its lobby spots a modern style. Its location is also quite convenient.  Within 5mins walk, it would take you to Sherperds Bush Underground Tube Station and Westfield Mall. In that cluster, you are able to find restraurants, supermarket (Waitrose), pharmacy (Boots) etc.   At Westfeild Mall, along the South Terrace, there is a Halal restraurant called Jom Makan. Owned by a malaysian businessman. They served asian food at reasonable price. At the same stretch, there are also other good restraurants.  Back to Hotel. In my opinion and observations, the corridor leading to my room was long and narrow. I stayed on the 3rd level. The room are very compact. If you travelled with…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
4259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rip off Rooms are below standard Like a North American 2 Star Hotel,"Stayed 4 nights. Never again.  The lobby and entrance is typical Hilton style, modern, looks good.. However, as soon as you get onto the room floors, the hotel shows its age. The old carpets lining the floors in hallways, the elevator from the 70s, I really didnt just pay 200 a night for this crap. The pictures on the site are deceiving.   As for the room, the bed was old, you could feel the metal springs going into your back, couldn't get a decent night sleep, the location is not that great as the stores across the street are terrible, couldn't find a decent meal around the corner either without having to take the train. Overall a really uncomfortable stay, even the people/guests that stayed during my time there were all stuck up, snooty, noses up in the air. Relax people, it's…",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
4260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Had a 50% discount, and got what i paid for.","Having a 50% discount because we made an early reservation, I can´t help thinking how I wouldt have felt if full price had been paid. The room was small, outdatet and dark. Right outside the room is an alley of trees so not much daylight comes ind. At the same time, the furniture is keept in quite dark colors.  The bathroom needed some paint an an update from the 80´s were it has been left and forgotten.  All staff I were in contact with were wery helpfull and smilling no matter the problem.  Overall i got what I paid for and absolute no more. I did´nt expect a big suite, but i did expect more out of the room, the name of the hotel in mind.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
4261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"We visited London during Christmas time and it was amazing, the decorations in the city, amazing sales in almost all the stores all that just added to the wonderful trip we had. The hotel is nice thought the room size is quite small, the bed almost in the entrance area not much space to move around. TV in the room is also very small. Overall the service was great",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
4262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,Stayed for 4 nights prior to leaving for a cruise.  Our stay couldn't have been nicer.   Nice room and bed.  Outstanding full breakfast buffet.  Within about 5 minutes walk from 2 tube (subway) stations and the Westfield mall.  Restaurants within a reasonable walking distance.,Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,PRETTY GOOD -BUT,"The hotel is fine and in a nice area of London. It has good transport links to central London, in addition to the underground station at Holland Park, right over the road from the hotel the 94 bus goes every few minutes to Piccadilly Circus. All the facilities are up to the usual Hilton standards and everything was fine except for  one moan I have as a result of an incident on our last day.   I needed some paracetamol in the morning and called into the souvenier shop on the ground floor to check if they had any. Sure enough they had a pack of sixteen but attempted to charge me £2-50 for the privilidge, something I declined. If they had been a premium brand I could have partly undertood it but these were ordinary everyday budget pills.   Five minutes over the road is the…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Top Hotel in Great Location,"Regularly stay here when in London on business. Couldn't recommend it highly enough. Good corporate rate. Superb location in heart of London. Near everywhere!  Rooms are very spacious and most importantly, room service is excellent after a long day's work.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
4265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay,"A lovely location, really friendly staff and excellent service. This is my favourite Hilton so far! There was a massive party (wedding?) going on that weekend, but you would hardly have noticed. Nothing much to fault this place at all.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
4266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,typical American 3* hotel,A fine hotel in Kensington.  Staff was friendly and accommodating.  Rooms and bathrooms were both large; we got connecting rooms because of our kids and they were able to manage that.  Breakfast was included with our stay and it was good.,Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
4267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Absolutely fantastic, More than comfortable, Highly recommended, Great Location","I stayed here for 3 nights in May 2010 as a solo traveller.  Rooms: Room was spacious and larger than I had expected. The room and bathroom was clean. The bed was a king size bed, firm, comfortable. I had paid around GBP80-90 per night and it exceeded all my expectation. This Hotel is in a quiet part of town, so noise wasn't an issue. I slept well, and I loved my bed and the room.   Breakfast: I paid extra GBP 10 for buffet breakfast. It was delicious and I thought it was an absolute bargain.  Staff: The staff were excellent and helpful. I had arrived early before check-in, and I was able to leave my luggage there without any hassles.  Location: The location was fantastic. It's in safe part of town. Its 5 minutes walk to Sheperd Bush station - which was the most convenient way…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
4268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"A good place to rest at nights, but mind the bill they slip under your door","By no means a beautiful hotel; but it's clean, our standard room was comfortable, and the hotel is close to a tube station and a short tube ride to most tourist attractions.  The staff are helpful and polite (eps Valentino at reception desk). The bar/lounge area is just OK. The food is not bad but perhaps slightly overpriced.  Overall it's a decent stay for what you pay as most 4 star hotels in central London are more expensive.  My only two problems with the hotel were:  1. Bought two internet cards and neither worked.   2. As we were getting ready to leave the hotel at 5 AM, we noticed that they had checked us out automatically and the bill was slipped under our door. The bill stated the amount that was happily charged to our Visa for our convenience, which would have been…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for a weekend retreat,"Great hotel which was really close to the tube station ""Shepherd's Bush"" which will take you straight into city center (Oxford Circus). Rooms were big, spacious and clean. Amazing pillows. Bathroom had nice shampoo & bodylotion. Polite and friendly staff, quick check in.  Great breakfast with everything from eggs & bacon to muesli and fruit. Great value for money. We also left our luggage at the concierge free of charge the day we checked out. Great not to have to take your luggage around on the last day of sight-seeing. Will stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
4270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Defining Average,"I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Nothing much to write about this hotel experience... it was as average as it gets. A little disappointing overall but makes up for some shortcomings with some strengths.  The Room- was probably the most annoying thing at this hotel. the sheer smallness of it was dumbfounding. I mean, I know rooms in  Europe tend to be on the small side but this was pretty ridiculous. with 2 big suitcases my wife and I barely had ANY place left to navigate ourselves around the room. The bathroom was smaller than anything I've seen before (including cruise ships), the shower cubicle was tiny making it impossible to have a shower without constantly knocking your elbows on the sliding door.    The Location- is nice, its peaceful and very close to the west-field…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
4271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Looks beautiful, sounds awful. Bring earplugs (and a mattress topper...)","I stayed in this hotel last november. Was impressed with how beautifully presented and spotlessly clean our double ensuite room was. The room service and food was also excellent.  The room was a little on  the small side, but that didn't bother me. The following points, however did.  1) The bed was incredibly hard/solid. VERY uncomfortable to sleep in. 2) The A/C worked, which was a shame, because it was also so incredibly noisy. Honestly, it sounded as though we were in some kind of wind tunnel, and given the tiny nature of the room, felt like I was (attempting to) sleep next to a hairdryer.  3) The huge window actually looked over some kind of public area. Probably the foyer or some kind of meeting room, I couldn't remember. But being on the first floor, I could see them, and…",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
4272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing, friendly staff...Great location in beautiful neighbourhood!","I stayed at this Hilton and had the most fabulous experience especially being on my own.  I had traveled by myself to visit some old friends in West London and this was the perfect location.  I felt more than safe walking the streets alone in the evening.  Holland Park and Notting Hill are wonderful neighbourhoods worth strolling around.  Even walked as far as Earls Court one afternoon!  The staff at the Hotel by far the best I have ever encountered!  The men at Concierge were extremely helpful, especially the Turkish man with the moustache, whose name I cant remember at all!  Zeshan (sp?) at the front desk was polite, patient and more than happy to answer all of my exhausting questions during check-in.   He was sweet and cute!!  The rooms are on the smaller side, as expected…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
4273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location, rip off prices","We stayed here for 1 night in July whilst on a short weekend break to London to see a show and do some sightseeing. We booked throgh laterooms using the ""secret hotel"" offer that they run. We paid £85 for the night for a double room only.  The hotel is located between Holland Park and Shepherds Bush tube stations - aprox 10 minute walk to Holland Park and 5 minutes to Shepherds Bush.  The reception and lobby is very clean and modern yet contemporary and the staff were very welcoming and processed our check in efficiently. We had a room on the 1st floor. The room was decent size for London standards with large confortable king bed, en-suite bathroom, TV (not flat screen), tea / coffee etc and mini bar.  Be aware - the prices of products in the mini bar are a complete rip off -…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
4274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in a decent location,I travelled with a large group of children to this hotel.  When we arrived we were very tired and jet lagged and unfortunately the hotel messed up our room assignment and we had to wait a long time to get to our rooms.   That being said the rooms were comfortable and had everything we needed.  The breakfast was good but I would not recommend the dinner.  The hotel is located in a safe area and is a short tube ride to London's best attractions.,Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
4275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Great Location","Yes the rooms are on the smaller side, however keep in mind you are in one of the most densely populated cities in the world and space is at a premium!  We had two big bags and with a bit of furniture relocation (moving the coffee table and chair) we fit the bags in fine.  Also when you are in London you are there to see the sights and not the four walls of a hotel room. The rooms are clean (we had a refurbished room), tastefully decorated and the bathroom was of a reasonable size.  Breakfast was included in our rate and there were plenty of food options available. The location of the hotel is a big plus.  Its an easy walk to Shepherds Bush Station and Westfield. All staff at the hotel were very polite and helpful. The only negative we had is not a reflection on the hotel so…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
4276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good business hotel,To be fair its a Hilton but I have always found the staff very helpful especially in the bar. Small express gym which does the job. I agree rooms are small but the bed very comfy and I always sleep well. Some nice places to eat on holland park avenue if you fancy getting out. Good basic business hotel. Restaurant expensive but bar food quite good for a hotel.,Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,STAY AWAY,"Small room’s appalling service, very few staff spoke English or understood.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
4278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Affordable & confortable hotel in London,"I selected this hotel for a 3 days trip to London because it was one of the best price/confort/location trade-off I found. Rooms are spacious and confortable; breakfast buffet is really oustanding with a lot of food choice. Nearest subway station is Holland Park (central line) that can be reached with a 10 mn walk, but there are also several bus lines that you can pick in front of the hotel to take you there in 2 mn. Most central London spots of interest can be reached easily and quickly from this station. The only bad point is that hotel has no swimming pool and there was no concierge present to assist with travel/visit questions.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Accommodating,"Stayed with my family in this hotel, Rooms were compact, clean. Service was efficient, ya had to wait  quite a long time to get the room as we reached hotel early and check in time was 2. The front desk was not efficient n helpful . but thats was OK nice buffet breakfast .and also the bar next to lobby was also very good..the best part was it was only 2 min walking from west field mall (my fav ) over all it is a nice hotel and i can recommend it to any one",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, Excellent Hotel, Lavish Breakfast","A great start to our holiday in UK and Scotland , our 3 nights here were very good, and comfortable , the inclusive buffet breakfast was indeed a spead and well worth it . The proximity to town and two tube stations made the location ideal. The only downside was the rooms are a bit small , with 3 bags the space factor came into play.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What a surprise!,"My hisband and I stayed at this hptel from June 10-12, at the end of a European crusie.  I wasn't expecting much because the reviews I read after booking with Hilton were less than positive.  We requested an upgrade and were given a romm on the newly refurbished 5th floor which was also an executive floor.  What a surprise!  The romm, not large by North American standards, was beautifully furnished and extremely clean with wonderful amenities.  We were able to open the windows and this was a bonus. The staff was very approachable and helpful and we are forever grateful to the concierge for their help with tours and with transportation to the airport.  As well, if we had a qustion or needed the air conditioning adjusted the staff was there nstantly.  Our aprice included both…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice experience,"We stayed for four days in May and three days in June 2010 and found the hotel to be quite satisfactory.  We had a buffet breakfast included in our earlybird booking.  The breakfast is excellent with a wide varierty of cooked and fresh choices. The hotel is neary Sheppards Bush and Holland Park rail stations, both on main central line.  Kensington in in the west of London in the rather upmarket Notting Hill area. Shoppers will love the massive Westfields shoppng complex (largest in Europe) and Portobello markets  in Notting Hill, both easy walking distance. There are also many cafes/restraurants nearby, especially in fron of Westfields. The hotel rooms are of reasonable size by Europe standards, with iron and hairdryer (in dressing table drawer). The Hilton is a bit dated now,…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service,I have stayed at this property many times and like the consistency and great level of service.  Prefer to be in the quieter section of London and enjoy this location very much.  Easy access to Holland Park tube stop as well as Shepard's Bush.  Right near Westfield shopping.  Always stay here if I can manage a good rate.,Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent, for London","My wife and I stayed here for one night and found it a little disappointing by Hilton's lofty standards.   Room: not enormous, but comfortable and neatly presented  Bar/facilities: Overpriced (but then it's London), but very elegantly presented  Location: OK, fairly near to two tube stations. If you end up relying on a nightbus it's not so good, but it is at least in a fairly safe area of the city so one should not feel uncomfortable walking there at night.  Value for money: We stayed here as part of lastminute.com's Secret Hotels offer, so we did not pay full price. Even so, we felt what we'd paid was ample. At regular tariffs we felt the hotel is overpriced.  Overall: It is clean and functional, but there are better hotels in the city, and in fact there are better Hiltons in…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
4285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice clean room, close to the Underground station","My wife, ten year old son and I stayed here for a two day vacation.  We arrived early in the morning, our room wasn't available, however we were given a key to the fitness area where we could change our clothes, shower and head out for our first day in London.  there was no problem to store our bags until we returned later in the evening.  Our room was decent sized for a European hotel and was also clean and quiet.  the train station is about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel and once there it is easy to get around London.  although there may be locations closer to the heart of the action we would recommend this hotel for both families and individuals traveling on business.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What A Great Place To Spend A Weekend,We have gone on walking holidays in England for the last 5 years and spend the last weekend in London before flying home to the west coast of Canada. We have never stayed in this Hilton before but were very pleasantly surprised with the experience.  No wait at the check-in. We were handled by a trainee who could not have been more pleasant and helpful. A request for a quiet room was granted without fuss and he even asked us to come back if we did not like the room.  The lobby staff were all very friendly and all keen to offer assistance. The hotel is located a bit out of the centre of London but there is a huge shopping mall across the street with dozens of restaurants and lots more street-front restaurants within a 10-15 walk away on a lovely leafy avenue. Several tube stations…,Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
4287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but Small Room,The hotel has a great location. Westfield shopping centre and the tube station can be reached within short walking distance.   I was staying in  Executive Deluxe and they provided access to the executive lounge. I had my breakfast there and the variety of foods served was very limited.   The room is quite small and the amenities is pretty standard. Overall it can be considered good value for money because this is London.,Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"good location, but missing something","I've stayed already several times in this Hilton (like the neighbourhood), this time stayed in one of the refreshed rooms on 7th floor, with all usual convenient Hilton amenities, some minor points, this time,  in this room although : still smell of fresh paint/glue in the room and the (old system) a/c-fan is difficult to set to an acceptable level/noise. Find this however a decent business hotel and good location, can't however consider it as most welcoming, something is missing ..as even after more then 10 stays in the last years, I still don't feel/get 'the welcome back',  even being a Hhonors member...",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
4289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great Location but my room was a bit shabby,"My husband & i stayed  there a fortnight ago. The location was ideal for us as we were visiting family nearby in Holland Park; we were able to walk there & back easily. The staff at reception were very helpful so no problems there. Our room gave me pause as we walked up to it as it was right at the end of the corridor (never a good sign in my experience) but when we walked in it was light, airy & clean.  However the bathroom was cramped & basic with a rust stained crack in the lower bath panel & the extractor fan didn't work.  It looked shabby & in need of refurbishment! The bedroom was small and basically decorated too. As we werern't in it for very long during our stay it wasn't crucial,  but if I had been spending more time in that room I would have requested another one. The…",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
4290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,"You expect typical Hilton Quality here.  I wasn't expecting too much because of the location in Zone 2.  However, I was pleasantly surprised about how close it was to Shepherd's Bush Tube station and the Westfield Mall - which has everything you want (Marks & Spencer, Wagamama's, etc) so that's wonderfully easy.  Small rooms, of course, but that's London.  Enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
4291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton I want to visit again,"I wish I could post a better review as I generally like Hiltons.  However, this was a low point in my vacation.  I had to change rooms three times in the first two days for different issues.  I eventually ended up in a junior suite which was great, but it was a stressful stay overall.  Additionally, when paying over 200 a night for a hotel, I shouldn't have to pay for internet.  Certainly if I AM having to pay for internet, it should be wireless and not keep me tethered by a ridiculous 12 inch cord to the desk.  All that said, I found the neighborhood to be very safe and enjoyed the short walk to the tube station.",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
4292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Love the hotel and location,"It's been a while since I've stayed at this Hilton but reading some of the comments here, I just had to add my 2 cents.  We loved this hotel and the location and will stay there again.  It was a good location in that it was in a quiet neighborhood, very close to Notting Hill and Portobello Market and only a few blocks from the tube.  We used the tube and busses extensively and the bus dropped us off at the front door and picked us up there.  It is a very nice and fairly upscale neighborhood and there is a great bookstore (Daunt's) down the street, along with some other fun shops and eateries and a Tesco as well.  Our luggage did not get on our flight with us so there was a Boots nearby to stock up on toiletries.  The hotel was great about getting our luggage to us and they were…",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
4293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"This hotel was actually really nice and larger than I was expecting. The staff was professional and the rooms were great. The internet access was lacking though considering there wasn't wifi but you had to connect to a modem (a bit outdated technology). Just the same it was sufficient, I didn't use my laptop but was just fine with everything else. It's proximity to the tube was great and you can walk through Kensington. A bit on the edge of Kensington (not exactly the center of everything) but was just fine especially for the price.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
4294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Flat hotel,There is really nothing outstanding except that some SIA staff are staying in this hotel. The rates and cost for internet is expensive.,Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
4295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,We stayed here on 8th May 2010. We booked it the night before through a non-hilton website for £75 which I thought was a good price. We managed to book our room very easily and the staff greeted us nicely as we arrived. Our room was ready when we arrived which was great.  We ate out for dinner but when we returned we sat in the bar. The staff were friendly and the drinks were nice.  I'd definately stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
4296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good spot for a reward stay,"While the Kensington Hilton is not convenient to the major tourist attractions, it does provide a good value, especially for Hilton Honors members. At the Gold level there is an executive lounge available that provides a free breakfast buffet, tea time snacks, and happy hour beverages as well as free internet access for members making it a good spot for a reward stay. Otherwise, it is an average property with small rooms located in a safe yet somewhat inconvenient area for tourists.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
4297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not as expected,"Stayed at the Hilton with my partner for one night for a shopping trip in the Westfield Centre. The room we stayed in was a standard double, but felt more like a single. Although furnished nicely, there was nothing to suggest that we were staying in the Hilton rather than a budget hotel. The room was disappointingly cramped and the bathroom was also tiny. The heating was inadequate and even on the highest setting the room felt cold. When looking for places to eat the area seemed to lack many restaurants on foot apart from those in the Westfield Centre so if your looking for variation you will not find it here. Only positive point is the close proximity of the shopping centre. We would not stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
4298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,bland hotel that needs a mjor refubishment,"If you are a business traveller and you are forced to stay here I pitty you.  Imagine what you think a travellodge is like. now add lots of greyness, mediocrity and an interior design from a down market home depot.  bingo you got it.  There are hundreds of places to stay in London this is not one of them unless you are only paying £80 a night",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
4299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent though further from middle of london than expected,"Next to the Bristol cars showroom (only one in England) the hotel looked very grand. Friendly staff, nice rooms and tasty breakfast.  Very enjoyable stay.   Further away from the tube than I had expected but it was a pleasant enough walk.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay here again any day...,"My husband and I stayed here for the first week of our 6 week honeymoon. When we arrived we were upgraded free of charge - there was also no line up for check-in - it took less than 5 minutes between arriving and getting into our room.  There were chocolate dipped strawberries, a fruit basket and champagne awaiting us in our room which was a beautiful touch for the first night of our honeymoon.  The room was lovely, very stylish and modern. The location of this hotel is awesome. We ate at the Westfield which was nearby and loved the vicinity to the Shepherd's Bush underground.  The only negative comments we would have would be the high cost of the internet and the on-site restaurant. However, just down the road heading towards Notting Hill were heaps of lovely places to eat,…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Yet again a great stay!,"Stayed last weekend, we were upgraded to executive room without asking, this gesture was much appreciated.  We have stayed at this hotel before and will do so again.",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
4302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Shame on U Hilton,"Ash trouble in London effected everyone. When realizing that i most likely will get stuck on 16th of April, i approached the front desk on the late afternoon of 15th. I was told that NO ROOMS ARE AVAILABLE for the night of 16 to 17th, not a SINGLE ROOM, HOTEL IS SOLD OUT as many people are in similar situation as i am. When i proceeded to dial the reservation hotline from my mobile while still standing at reception, the front desk attendant suddenly found 5 rooms available starting at 280GBP. The lady on the phone at Hilton Central reservation told me that plenty rooms are available starting at 130GBP. I mean seriously - people are stranded, obviously those who reserved are not coming - use some brain for x-sake! I have been staying in this hotel since 1994. SHAME ON U!!!",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
4303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Good Quality Hilton,"Just a fleeting one night stay, so I didn't use many of the Hotel facilities. Room looked newly updated with everything I needed, modern and clean as was the bathroom. London marathon was on so probably wouldn't have normally stayed at this location as my first choice but tubes not very far. Public areas looked good and staff friendly, even on leaving concierge approached me and asked if they could assist or keep luggage for me, well done.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton standard,Quiet Hotel,good food, but room very small","Stayed at this hotel for two nights and would recommend however our room was very small, but otherwise very clean with decent decor and a comfortable firm bed.Hotel quite close to Shepards bush /Holland park underground stations but a little far out if you require to be more central. We attended a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and walked home from venue afterwards(about 1mile+)so not too bad for west London. Staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfasts were excellent, very fresh with very good choices. Would use again if in west London,particulaly for Westfield shopping centre as is very close by, but mabye a different choice if we wanted central London.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value in London,"My wife and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hilton London Kensington during the Easter holiday. We were celebrating our 25th anniversary and the hotel couldn't have been more accomodating. From reception to concierge to housekeeping to breakfast, the staff was very  friendly and helpful. As for location, with Shepherd's Bush tube station just a few minutes walk away and the bus stop just across the street(bus 94 to Piccadilly Circus in 15 minutes or bus 148 to Victoria Station in 15-20 minutes), getting around London was easy and fun. Also, the Holland Park area around the hotel is quite lovely. Yes the rooms are on the small side but not uncomfortable. They are modern and clean. We were on the 6th floor. Yes the buffet breakfast is not gourmet and yes the omelette…",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
4306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good choice in Holland Park,"There are quite a few Hilton's in London and this is probably one of the nicer ones if you need to be in the Kensington / Holland Park area. I've stayed at this hotel quite a few times on both business and personal trips and aside from my first stay (with a horribly outdated room and loud building noise), every subsequent stay has had little to fault.  The hotel is located a few stops out of Central London on the Central (red) tube line. It's really in Holland Park and is right by a major Westfield shopping centre 5 minutes walk away. Transport links into town are excellent with cabs usually waiting outside, major and frequent bus routes (such as 148) into Central London and a tube stop (Holland Park or Shepherds Bush) only 5 minutes walk away. I've had cab drivers confused as…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Westfield Shopping Centre,"I chose the hotel on its proximity to Westfield Shopping Centre, so I did not experience much of the hotel´s amenities. Breakfast was average although service was friendly and attentive. Room adequate for my needs. Wifi was 15 pounds for 24h in the room or 10 pounds for 24h in the lobby. I chose the room option but found it worked very intermittently and when I tried to use it in the lobby, again it did not work. Had the internet worked I would have given it a higher rating. I would re-book though if I was on a another shopping trip, based on location alone.",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
4308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton. As expected,"This is typical Hilton, as good as expected.   There're only some deviations: Procs: 1.The staff is outstandingly friendly, even by Hilton criterion. Really, the top one! 2. Very good location for central London. Both underground and overground are just around the corner.  3. Good sauna.   Cons: 1. The room is small, especially for family with a kid 2. It's a bit noisy from the street the hotel stays on. 3. For some reason there's a strong smoking smell in hotel corridors. However, it's not very noticeable in the room.   Bottom line: I liked this hotel.  But mean the size of the room if you're family or stay for a long time.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Service, service, service","My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington for 4 nights, and paid £75 per night, including breakfast. Our expectations were quite low due to the cheap room rate and the average pictures on their web site.  When we first arrived, a porter welcomed us with a big smile and showed us to the reception. The smiling and the great service is what makes this hotel special. Everyone from the bar staff to the cleaners always has a smile for you and a nice ""hello, sir!"", and this makes for a really pleasant stay.  We got a nice, spacious room on the 7th floor with a kingsize bed and a beautiful view of the Royal Crescent and the gardens in front of the hotel. The room facilities included, amongst the usual, a big flat screen TV and a minibar. The mini fridge is pressure…",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
4310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average.,Very Average rooms - Average bar nad food - Slow service in the bar and over priced for the calibre of Hotel. The hotel is greatly used by Flight Crew for a number of airlines (or so it seemed during our stay). There are better hotels in the area for the price.,Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
4311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Had a Makeover,"I use Hilton hotels whenever I can for business and sometimes for leisure. Been a while since I have been to the Hilton Kensington, bit in the meantime it has received a makeover, particualrly in the bar area. Very well done, nice ambience and will return",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good quality hotel,"Just stayed here for the weekend as a birthday treat for my mum. Modern style hotel, not very impressive from the outside, but nice clean welcoming foyer.  Without acception all the staff were polite and helpful.  Room was on the smallish side but had everything in we required. Bathroom was clean but exceptionally small, Only enough room for 1 person to stand. Short walk to Shepherds Bush underground across the large roundabout(lights to cross) breakfast plenty of choice but as with most hotels was very busy. Food was warm but not hot. There was not always the correct amount of cutlery on table and non to pick up so did find we had to ask for things just a little niggle on the Sunday morning we were woken up by the maids entering the room(8.30am) when we had wanted a lie in as…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed one night. Very good location, close to Shepards Bush tube station and the huge Westfield mall.  Room in good conditon. However, both room and corridors reeked of cigarette smoke although the floor was non smoking. Very annoying indeed.  Nice executive lounge with free drinks and hors d'ouvres  at night and snacks and soft drinks during the day.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, great location","We stayed here for 10 nights at christmas.  the hotel has a nice modern design and is perfectly located between two tube stops.  we only ate at the hotel once. there are many nice restaurants and bars in the area.  this hotel is walking distance to portobello road and other nice neighborhoods to explore.  i would highly recommend the mitre as a restaurant in the area.  we ate christmas eve dinner there and it was great!  for us, a hotel is a stopping spot for sleeping and resting so we don't spend tons of time there.  the hotel was clean and modern and very friendly.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value and better than we expected,"We stayed at this hotel for one week and everything was great.  The view, the housekeeping service, the comfort of the beds, and amazingly for London, the size of the room and the bathroom was also better than we anticipated.  We got to check in early and to switch to a room with two twin beds with no problem.  The location was minutes away from the tube station and a bus stopped in front of the hotel as well.  I can't for the life of me figure out what some of the reviewers were referring to in the negative reviews.  We would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value and great treatment,"We booked this hotel as a weekend away for our first anniversary and we were treated extremely well by the Hilton. On arrival we were advised that we had been upgraded to the executive suite which came with access to the executive lounge. We also had champagne and fruit delivered to our room on both days which we were over the moon with, along with a call from reception to check that everything was ok.   The breakfast selection was very good, the staff were all friendly and efficient. Location is good, not central London but very easily accessible via Shepherd's Bush station which is on the Central tube line plus overground if you are travelling from somewhere else, to save having to come into the centre of London. The large Westfield shopping centre is very close by along with…",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
4317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Treated Like Royalty,"I stayed at this hotel with my family for a family birthday celebration 5th - 7th March 2010. I regularly use this hotel when in London, and in doing so I am confident that I and anyone staying with me will be very well looked after during my stay.  On arrival we were checked in promptly and informed that our rooms were ready. I had emailed in advance to request an early check in and, whilst the hotel cannot guarantee this - in all the times I have stayed there they have never let me down with this request.  The receptionist informed me that we had been upgraded to the executive floor (often a courtesy they offer me) and that one of the rooms was an executive suite. When we got into the room it was amazing. A huge bed, plenty of space, a lovely bathroom with beautifully fluffy…",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
4318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Usual Hilton Standard,"We stayed here for 4 nights in Feb and although the room was comfortable we found it a little small compared to other chain-hotels in the uk. Located in a nice area and just across the road from the huge Westfield Shopping Centre. The staff were friendly enough but did not receive our bill until check-out the next morning at 7am, even though I had mentioned to them on arrival that we would be checking out early and had asked for an early wake-up call the night before and again asked for the bill, which they said would be put under my door which never was and on receiving it found we had been charged for 2 items from the mini-bar which we had not used., so check your mini-bar on arrival to make sure that it has been replenished.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
4319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Well Run, Efficent, but Souless","I have stayed at this hotel many times before and never written a review.  However as the only New Years Resolution that I have stuck to thus far in my life is to write a trip advisor report of every hotel I stay in this year, here goes. With The Hilton Kensington on Holland Park Avenue you get what is says on the can, nothing more and certainly nothing less.  A full service Hilton that runs efficiently.  It is always busy but somehow soulless. We were only staying 1 night and, due to a flight delay, arrived with only enough time to change before dinner.  Reception was friendly and fairly efficient considering there was a problem with the printer. We were upgraded to an Exec room which was a nice room, no view but we didn’t intend to spend much time in it anyway.  It had the…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice stay, ideal for what we were after","We stayed here for one night on room only basis, so we were able to see Coldplay perform at Wembley.    This place had everything you would expect from a Hilton, when we returned from the gig, we wanted to get some sandwiches, but were not prepared to pay room service charge of about a fiver when I was quite happy to collect it from downstairs.    I got the food from downstairs, but as I was about to leave, the man from the bar said I shouldn't take any food upstairs due to 'health and safety'.  I went anyway, as was getting fed up with more and more stupid health and safety regulations.  I wasn't taking any hot food up, and I am perfectly happy with the way I was able to take a tray up to my room!  That was the only blip to the otherwise nice stay.    We didn't have any food at…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,More than expected,"We recently traveled with our 3 teenagers for 5 days to visit our daughter. Our stay couldn't have been better.  The rooms were clean, well stocked and temperature perfect.  People complaining about small rooms??  We stayed in an adjoining double and twin with a roll away for three teenagers and had more than enough room- If you want a suite, you pay for one but our room rate was great for the accomodations and the full breakfast for 5!  We walked over two blocks to the Westfield Mall (which is great shopping and eating ) and the tube station.  Definitely recommend this to families for the hilton family rate(second room 1/2 off) with breakfast...can't beat it!",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kind of small-size room,"Hotel is located in a nice area, within a walking distance from the subway, which is much recommended mean of transportation in London and not too far from beautiful parks. A colleague of mine had an objection about the room, which was sorted out efficiently by the front office staff, breakfast was OK, premises were clean, all as it is in the Hilton standards. Internet access was available against a charge, which I didn't mind as I got a bargain with the room rate and overall was fine.",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exactly What I Expected,"Nice hotel, rooms were very small as expected, what I didn't expect was the sliding door on the bathroom and no bath. Bar and restaurant look amazing and very modern. Breakfast was included in the rate. good variety but Self service is brought to a new level when you have to make your toast and get coffee. They tell you, you can have a chef to make your eggs and omlettes- who is hardly ever at the buffet. On the second morning they ran out of side plates and bowls on the buffet, unnoticed by staff, and restaurant was half full. Breakfast was a big let down, hotel was Good Otherwise.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
4324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington by name Shepherd by Location,"Stayed for 3 nights on the January sale offer so a great hotel at the price. The name suggests you are in Kensington - but it's the borough not the park and really you're in Shepherds Bush. Actually a great location - quick into town on the central line and handy for buses. Westfield shopping Centre beats Oxford Street so if you like shopping it's got every shop you ever wanted and more.  The hotel itself is Hilton through and through. Friendly staff, good breakfast, rooms you'd expect, small gym, clean rooms. Ours  smelt a bit damp (steamy bathroom issues I think) and some of the corridors smelt a bit of stale smoke. We had a corner room which felt quite spacious, our friends' room was slightly smaller but still fine.  A great hotel as all the world seems to stay, so the…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Kensington,Nice place.. Near Westfield & Shepherd Bush station..,Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
4326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton hotel,it was a nice hotel but the service could have been better,Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
4327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,acceptable face of chain,"Have stayed in this hotel at least 5 times and thought they deserved a review. Although big hotels can be soulless and 'corportate', Hilton Kensington's location, service and value are fantastic for London. Housekeeping are very prompt with extras like milk and toothpaste and breakfast buffet has a pretty good variety if it's included in your roomrate - at £20 it's too steep!  A few minutes from Shepherd's Bush tube on the Central line is pretty convenient and not to far out if you taxi.  The enormous Westfied Centre is on the doorstep if designer malls are your thing but it has a fantastic food court with great Vietnamese, Indian and a range of other pit-stops open till 9pm if you're not up to a meal in a restaurant.  Wailtrose is even handier if you want to load up and eat in…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,very disappointed in a Hilton hotel,"My partner and I stayed here for a week just recently - a free weekend then a meeting for the week in the hotel. We then went to Paris for the following weekend and returned here on the Sunday night before flying home to Australia on the Monday morning.  We were told when we checked in that we were lucky to be given one of the newly refurbished rooms on the fifth floor.  if that was refurbished I would hate to see one of the non-refurbished ones.  Behind the bathroom door of our room was flaking and damaged paintwork and woodwork, and there were stains on the carpet.  The bed creaked every time you moved - and this observation was made by a number of others at the meeting and so not just our experience.  There were no available (free) power points in the room: the clock radio…",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
4329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient & good value,"Short walk fro Shepards Bush station, so excellent for the West end shows. Great shopping Mall by the station with plenty of restaurants. Very comfortable but a bit warm for me - they could save a fortune by tuning the heating down a few degrees!. The breakfasts are excellent & all the staff are friendly. Would recomend & will certainly stay there again",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stiflingly hot room because hotel refused to turn on its a/c,"This hotel is a typical generic/faceless and ugly chain hotel, albeit in a disappointing location (I didn't choose it, but was given it via a Priceline booking).  However, the safety blanket of such hotels is usually that their bland service, while never outstandingly good, is also never particularly bad.  Boy, was I wrong about that!  My stay started off extremely well.  I arrived at 9am and they quickly got a room ready for me, rather than telling me to go away and wait until official checkin at 2pm.  So I really wanted to like the hotel and to now say good things about it.  But, alas, I can't.  The first night of my two night stay saw me spend six hours of repeated attempts to get the hotel to turn their a/c on to cool my room.  Even though it was winter (Feb) the room itself…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
4331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, will be back again for sure!","We arrived and were politely welcomed, even though me and my partner  are quite young we did not get any strange looks like ""what are you doing here?"", very quick check-in. We arrived at our room, which was on the front and on the second floor and we were upgraded for free to a refurbished room with a king sized bed and a 32"" TV, not too big room but we were not going to be spending much time in there as we had plenty to do. I think every member of staff was polite and said hello, they let us in the lift first everytime. The nearest tube was definitley Shepherds Bush and really close to pretty much everywhere, with Mcdonalds, KFC and Burger King all really close by and a lot of choice for restaurants near Westfields. There was absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel and our…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
4332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable Stay,"We got a great deal on the Hilton website for a weekend break.  Nice room which while not the largest was just right. Staff were great. Very close to Westfield Shopping at Shepards Bush and Tube Stations.  Only two minor things. The crowd for breakfast certainly put a strain on everyone. The buffet idea is fine but not organised whatsoever. People had no idea of where to start, no line was in operation and most found plates and juice glasses impossible to find.  The food was fine though! The other thing is the cost of broadband in rooms, really do you need to charge £15 per 24 hours?  This did not take away from our enjoyment and will certainly return to the Hilton Kensington.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
4333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Over Priced Hilton,"I stayed here earlier this week for one night whilst attending a conference at the Olympia.  The hotel is pretty well located between Holland Park and Shepards Bush tube stations - about a 5-10 min walk to both.  The staff at check in were friendly enough and helpful when quizzed about the hotels facilities.  I stayed on the first floor in a recently refurbished room which was clean and had a modern feel about it.  'Compact' would be the word I'd use to describe the size for both the bedroom and bathroom  - I expected a little more space to move around.    I was less impressed in the morning when I was getting ready to find there was no hot water available.  A cold shave/shower is not what I expect from any hotel, let alone a Hilton property.  In addition, the extra hidden…",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
4334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Far enough out of the city to be reasonably priced.,"We stay here nearly every week. The service is excellent, food good, executive lounge is superb.  I've said the location is good, it's a fair taxi ride from the City or even the West End but to book a hotel of this quality in the centre would be a couple of hundred quid a night more expensive and you can get a lot of cabs for that.   It's handy for the tube and right next to the BBC so it's ideal for people spotting, many of whom frequent the hotel.  Also handy for Notting Hill and West something shopping centr if that's your bag.",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
4335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel....but don't stay here if you want good service..rude staff!!!,"We stayed here on a Saturday night with access to the executive lounge. The hotel is decent enough and the rooms are small but comfortable and nicely decorated.   The lady that checked us in was very friendly, however as far as service was concerned it was down hill from there.  I could not believe that a hotel such Hilton, would employee people with no sense of customer service. I don’t expect them to treat us like royalty but show some respect. Firstly, the staff in the executive lounge I don’t know what their problem is but I asked them for something and they behaved like I asked them to fly a plane.  We were given a late check out but the cards for out room stopped working, so when we went to the front desk to get it reinstated the receptionist made a narky comment about how…",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
4336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Hotel! Will stay again, and would recommend to anyone!","I took my teenage daughter to London during to week between Christmas and New Years. One of the busiest times to travel, but it was great. This hotel was fantastic! The location is great, just a 5 minute walk to the closest tube (subway) station. Another station is only a 10 minute walk in the opposite direction. A nice walk past shops and restaurants. The brand new Westfield Shopping mall is also just a 5 minute walk away. A bus stop is also right outside the hotel. The staff in the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Check in was easy and convenient as was check out. The hotel was clean and welcoming. There is a nice restaurant on site that serves good food. The breakfast buffet was a great convenience with a nice variety. Our room was clean and a good size in comparison to…",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
4337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,fab hotel great value,"stayed one night, lovely hotel, great staff. stayed on jan sale price. no negs. breakfast excellent. will stay again when in london.",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
4338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Decent, good value for money",The rooms were spacious for a London Hotel. It was clean and had a great bed. The staff were helpful as always.,Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
4339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Last Minute Booking,"We would definetly recommend this hotel.  Great location especially for Westfield and 2 really nice pubs with great menus on Holland Park Avenue.  The double room was fine no complaints at all.  The only thing I could say is that the bathroom was on the small side and rather chilly.  The buffet breakfast which was open till 11:30am!! was fantastic, great choice and all tasty.  We would return if in the area again.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
4340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,Got to book this hotel during the january sale so the price was very good. Nice friendly staff together with an excellent service. Buffet breakfast was very good with a large choice of food. Nice decor everywhere. Very good concierge service. Please note that as soon as you touch something from the minibar it will be charged automatically to your account. So make sure you open the door slowly or not at all if need be. Excellent tube service in the vicinity. Westfield shopping centre is less than 5 minutes away. This hotel was very good value for money and looking forward to staying in this hotel again in the near future.,Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
4341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,"I can't really understand why so many people write such negative reviews. The Hilton Kensington doesn't claim to be the Ritz or the Four Seasons, and so therefore people just review it in context of what it is, a 4 Star hotel in West London.  Firstly, and in my opinion most importantly, the hotel appears to be very clean. On arrival I was greeted warmly by concierge, doormen and reception and made to feel very welcome. Although the reception area isn't very large there is a good place to sit and even on a busy Saturday evening it didn't take me more than 10 minutes to check in.  My room on the 3rd floor was at the end of a long corridor but suited my needs perfectly. Although other rooms appear to be very small this one was a quite considerably larger, and spacious. The room was…",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
4342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tres bien a refaire,I nearlly didn't book because of bad trip advisor ratings but the hotel turned out to be very good and well situated and easy to get to many of London's sites and a 2 minute walk from an enormous shopping centre. We stayed with 2 children (5 and 10) in interconnecting room - the kids one was half price which made the stay reasonably priced for a 2 roomed New Years Eve stay. Breakfasts were very good and staff friendly.,Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not the Hilton I'm use to,"I have stayed twice here as part of a Trafalgar tour with my husband, therefore can be very hectic during the arrivals and departures of some 4+ busloads of tourists. Overall both rooms we stayed in were very small for a Hilton hotel however they are quiet but a little stuffy, still had an ok nights sleep. First room we stayed in was rm 1010, apparently recently renovated for disabled persons (we aren’t) but therefore a little bigger in size (not really). The room didn’t really appear to be that new and the bathroom had a pen shower (wheelchair) access. Yet i'm not sure how a disabled person would use the toilet as it was so close to the sink that I had to sit sideways as my legs couldn’t fit under the sink. Handy if I wanted to multi-task and brush my teeth at the same…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Staff Lovely pretty basic but good.,"Staff i think made this hotel lovely they could not do enough for you.  Rooms basic but was only in there to sleep anyway, food nice, (breakfast and dinner) will try somewhere else next time only because i like to try new but will be coming back soon.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton only by name - Very disappointed,"We stayed at this hotel as a family of 5 after failing to book 2 deluxe interconnecting rooms at the Hilton Tower Bridge. We were promised 2 equal rooms at this hotel on the 3rd floor, with a rollaway bed placed in one of the rooms in order to accommodate us.  Upon arrival I was informed that the hotel was fully booked, and that our rooms were on the 1st floor. On checking the rooms they were both pretty small, and there was no rollaway bed. A hilton staff member offered to put a rollaway bed in one of the rooms, but upon inspection it was quite clear it would never fit.   I brought this to the attention of the duty manager who, on reflection, offered an alternative room which had an adjoining sitting area with a sofabed. This appeared satiisfactory, even though we lost the…",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
4346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great locataion for a city break to London,"Recently stayed here for a short break during Christmas week.  Got a pretty good deal from the Hilton web site, and it was only booked about a week in advance.  The rate also included full buffet breakfast.     On arriving from Heathrow I took the cheap tube option, only UKP 1.10 (off-peak) on Oyster Card.  Taking the Heathrow Express will save you a bit of time, bit cost closer to UKP 20.  Taking the tube route LHR -> Earls Court -> Notting Hill Gate -> Shepherds Bush takes about 1 hour, and the stairs on the two interchanges are easily manageable with up to a moderate amount of luggage.  Shepherds Bush is the closest tube station and only a short 5-10 mins walk away.  Checkin was friendly and with no significant waiting.  The room, a standard double, to me seemd to be a…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,disappointed,"i chose this hotel last minute as the hotel i had booked only let me know 2 days before that there were going to be major roadworks that weekend and allowed me to cancel. we had stayed at this hilton hotel 2 years previously as we always go away to london for my husbands birthday weekend, and it was very good then, i had looked a few months before for the deal 2 nights for one breakfast, and dinner on the first night but could not find it then but when i had to chose a different hotel from the one i had booked i found they were doing it again but it was alot more money than i had paid 2 years prior, and i thought it was the best deal as the hotel chain i had chosen initially included no food at all, the hotel was still nice and the staff lovely and the dinner and breakfast very…",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
4348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great room - Really good for business,"I liked this hotel, nice location and breakfast was really nice. Can’t say much about the staff as I didn’t really deal with anyone other than at check in. Overall a good experience.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Recommend, but my room was on the small side","Stayed here for one night when going to a gig at the Hammersmith Apollo.    Check-in was fine and one of our party was upgraded from a single to a double.  My double room was pretty small and the bathroom was tiny.  Having said that, everything worked and was clean and tidy.  Breakfast was included on our rate and was good.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good position and nice stay,"I'm coming back from a very nice stay in London and in Hilton Kensington hotel. We stayed 4 nights at 7th floor. The room is not big but good and clean. The hotel is very quite thanks to the position in Kensington. It's near to two subway stops on red line and it's 10 minutes from Wood Lane station, good if coming from Heathrow airport. The street Holland Park is good for breakfast and dinner: a lot of patisseries and different kind of restaurants (very good greek cousin in front of the hotel). And Kensington is a wonderful place for walking, to go to Portobello Road and Hyde Park. No free internet connection for customer, but there is fitness center and breakfast service (we preferred breakfast not included)",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for shopping at the Westfield Centre,"My two daughters, daughter in law and I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights to go Christmas shopping in the Westfield Centre.    The Centre is the largest in Europe and has everything you could ever need.  The hotel is pretty standard but it was clean with comfortable beds and good pillows.  The service was excellent especially the porters who helped us alot with our huge amounts of  shopping  which they happily took to our rooms for us as we dropped them  back at intervals.  We had the executive rooms which are worth the extra as full english breakfast was included in the price.     Also there was a dedicated check in which avoided the queues at reception.    Also included was  limitless tea and coffee and soft drinks and water.    There was midmorning biscuits and…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointingly expensive,"Stopped here for 2 nights with my 19 year old daughter for some shopping and theatre therapy in London. Booked it as (although expensive @ £161.00 for a twin room per night) it looked nice, safe for 2 females and pretty central for London.  Room was bland, expensive and quite small, particularly the bathroom which didn't even have an extractor fan - you can imagine how 'steamed up' the bathroom was after 2 showers, 2 sets of make up being applied, etc. !! Mini bar in room was ridiculously expensive (why do they charge so much? Was at a Holiday Inn less than a week before with complimentary bottled water and snacks in fridge); TV had just one channel working - however I didn't report this as was pretty tired after walking all day so cannot really hold this against them. Could…",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
4353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Near to Holland park tube , 94 bus etc","Great location , 2 min walk from holland park tube , 5 mins from sheppards bush tube , 94 bus takes you oxfrod st and on to piccadilly , hop on hop off bus starts right outside this hotel . staff are lovely , didn't get the room i booked so ended up sharing bed with my elderly mother , wasn;t very pleased about that & also empty boxes from last guest were still in the room. Food good at this hotel so all in all not a bad stay , but will check what room i have before check in next time .",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel near everything!,"My husband and I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington during our stay in London last week.  What a fabulous hotel!  We were given a corner room which was larger than most and the room was clean and comfortable.  The nearest tube is Shepherd's Bush which was walking distance from the hotel.  The Westfield Mall nearby is a shopper's heaven!  They have high end and regular stores and tons of places to eat.  My husband and I ate at Byron which serves burgers.  The food and service was great.  A little pricey but everything in London is pricey!    I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone who is traveling to London for the first time.  Easy access to tube and buses, taxis everywhere and very safe neighborhood!  One negative thing is the inter",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
4355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small but clean. Not the best location.,"Overall, a decent hotel. Rooms on the small side for a family of 3. Clean. Good breakfast. Location is OK, but not the best. About 10 mins walk from the tube and shopping for the basics (as well as an upscale mall).",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
4356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I wish we hadn't bothered,"My wife and I stayed at he Hilton Kensington last weekend (27-29th of Nov 09 as a short get away from our busy jobs. We decided to stay ta the Hilton because we had an excellent stay at one of the Hitlon hotels in Glasgow (where we got engaged).   Unfortunately we were extremely disappointed with several aspects of our stay. We selected a non-smoking room, however the room (2063) we received and the corridor it was on smelt badly of cigarette smoke. I rang the duty manager who was very pleasant and offered us two solutions - have the room freshened and/or move rooms the next day as the hotel was fully booked.   We had booked a 2 night stay with breakfast and one eveening meal. We went down to the restaurant (which was not busy) and we were shown to a table that was not…",Date of stay: November 2009,2.0
4357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, great service but small noisy rooms",This Hilton does everything right except the guest room doors slam shut and are loud enough to wake you from your sleep.  I am returning to London shortly and will not be staying here again until this is repaired.  This is a short walk to the Shepards Bush underground station and the new mall.,Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
4358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and staff - will stay there again!,"I gave this hotel ""5""s on everything.   We stayed three nights and each one was pleasant.   The staff went far and beyond what was expected.  The hotel was extremely clean and well kept. Linens and towels were excellent.  The rooms were exactly as promised.  I know some said it was small but I think it is more accurate to state that space is well utilized.  The hotel was accessible by tube and bus.   The tube was right around the corner and the bus with all their double decker charm was right outside the hotel.  You can take the tube from Victoria to Shepherds Bush or Holland Park via the Victoria Line and the Central Line.     Or even more fun is to walk out of the station to Victoria Street and catch Route Bus 148 from Stop: G towards White City.  The buses tell you the next…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
4359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for a nice hotel,"I booked this hotel on hilton.com, and got a rate of 89 pounds/night without breakfast.  We got a big hotel room with a queen bed, desk, separate sitting area, and a tub/shower.  It was really a great deal for such a nice room.  As everyone else says, the hotel is in a nice tree lined neighborhood with easy bus and tube access.  It was our first time in London, and we had no problem navigating the transportation.  We really liked walking for dinner/drinks in Holland Park (Bombay Bicycle Company is great Indian food) and Notting Hill.  I would definitely stay there again.  My only complaint was that on the second night when we arrived with sore feet from seeing the sites, our keys didn't work.  When we arrived back at the front desk to get them reprogrammed, the staff required…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, smallish rooms but good for what we paid!","We booked this hotel through priceline ""name your own price"" deal and paid £60 per night per room.  The room was nice and recently renovated although it did not have a bath, just a shower, which is always a disappointment when going away for the weekend.  The location was good, in Kensington, just a couple of minutes walk from the Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush station.  The only criticism I would have was the size of the room although the price we paid and the location made up for this.",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Hotel,"We have stayed at the Hilton Kensington on two occasions; once in April 2008 and in Oct 2009. Rooms are bright and cheerful;  much improved following the renovation. Room size is not large but adequate. The most irritating point is that the room is full of brochures and the first task is to put everything away in a drawer and re-claim every available surface for my use.  Breakfast menu has a wide selection but service at the restaurant can be inconsistent depending on how many staff called in late/sick or if there is a tour group staying in the hotel. Otherwise it can be a enjoyable experience. If you intend to have breakfast in the hotel, always book hotel room and breakfast at the same time for a better deal. Hotel staff are friendly and helpful.  Hotel is close to the…",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
4362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in order to do some Christmas shopping. Check-in was easy and we were given a choice of room. Rooms were very clean and comfortable and towels were changed daily. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast was fantastic . . . most days we were so full we didnt need anything except coffee until around 5 o'clock! The food in the am/pm restaurant was also very tasty. A small gift shop in the hotel also stocked toiletries and medicinal products. The location of the hotel, although not in central London, was very good as it was 5 minutes walk to Westfield Shopping Centre and restaurants. Shepherd's Bush tube station is beside Westfield and Oxford Street is only 5 or 6 stops away on the Central Line (no changing necessary). Would definitely…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
4363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Refurbishment completed,"I have visited this hotel about ten times I guess. During the last years there has been an ongoing refurbishment, which was completed by our last stay in october. The rooms are not big, but really nice and very clean. We were upgraded to executive rooms and lounge access due to our Diamond status, and enjoyed the complimentary wine and finger food in the evening. The staff in the lounge, the reception, housekeeping and concirgedesk are very nice and friendly. Hilton Kensington is good value in a nice area of London. The Westfield shoppingmall a three minutes walk from the hotel, has everything from Topshop to Dior and Louis Vuitton. No need to go to Oxford strret or New Bond street.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Best Hotel In London,"It's the best hotel I saw it in London this is my sixth trip to London I spend 12  Nights at this hotel , nice location ,nice breakfast, nice staff, nice room and modern stile, I arrived at 10 AM and they provide me the room upon arrival after long flight trip, bus number 94 & 148           (24/7)  buses just in the front of hotel door 15 minutes to oxford street and 20 mints to pecadelyand mayfer, Westfield mall just 5 minutes walking from the hotel, many coffee shops and nice food near the hotel i liked the aria really, when i checked out they allowed me to sit till 3 PM and they keep my luggage till 8 PM because my flight was at 11 PM, really I recommend this hotel for everybody want to visit London, room size is average for London hotel and it's perfect for 2 persons :). …",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would stay here again,"Very nicely appointed hotel.  Room (1006 on the first floor) was v. clean, not super-large but comfortable.  Breakfast buffet was good.  My only criticism was that the toilet cistern took a long time to refill which meant you had to wait around 15 mins or so before being able to flush again.  The hotel is technically just inside the Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, but a more accurate appellation would be the Hilton Shepherd's Bush as it is a stone's throw from Shepherd's Bush tube and so is extremely well situated for the Westfield shopping centre and venues like the Shepherd's Bush Empire (we stayed at the hotel after going to a gig there).  Being right next to a Central line tube station means it's well placed for access to central London too.  If you're looking for a hotel…",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location and hotel,"We stayed here when in London for a couple of days prior to Easter. I found the stay amazing and so helpful, a great London hotel experience which I would recommend to anyone. Breakfast was well organised, no panicing, great selection of food (fresh food that is) and very attentive staff. We used the bar, restaurant and executive lounge and I found all departments really friendly, efficient and welcoming. Will definitely be staying here again on my next visit to London and as somebody who travels and uses hotels frequently this goes to the top of my list for great service and helpful staff in very relaxing surroundings.",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, Overhyped, And unwelcoming unless you are a 40 year old businessman!","where do I start? myself and my girlfriend booked up this hotel for a week prior to a concert we were attending at wembley arena.  First of all. Car parking. there is a large car park underneath the hotel. But that priviledge will set you back £30 for 24 hours. Meaning it would have cost me £180 to park my car for the amount of time I spent there! I ended up having to park at a lower price car park in the middle of canary wharf (about 40 minutes train ride away) for £50 for the week! But of course then I was spending the entire week worrying about my car! Not to mention the fact I had to drop cases and my girlfriend off, drive slap bang through the middle of london and out the other side to canary wharf, drop the car off and get two trains back to the hotel again!  Next up the…",Date of stay: December 2008,2.0
4368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"Just back from a long weekend here at the Hilton Kensington. Stunning hotel. Nothing a bother to the staff. Found evryone helpful and cheery. I'm struggling to understand many of the strange reviews on this site. Re; underground stations? Where were you actually staying as it certainly wasn't this. Restaurant: Breakfast; Good service. Good food. Dinner; Exellent! Food was delicious and staff (special mention for Chandrahas!) exceptional. This restaurant should be alot busier as the chef is quite obviously very skilled. Yes, the rooms aren't the biggest I've ever stayed in but, you're in London for goodness sake! Land's at a premium!  Thank you Hilton Kensington for such a wonderful stay.....hope to see you soon!",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"This hotel was conveniently located by Gloucester station; therefore, if you are traveling to and from Heathrow and you are traveling by tube (about 45 minutes), this is a convenient location to stay.  The hotel should be considered a 3 star (not 4 star).  This is a high traffic hotel where large tour groups stay.  As long as you are not on the same floor as them, the rooms should be relatively quiet.  The check-in/check-out process was fast and the concierge was very helpful.  This hotel is also near Kensington Park, which is beautiful.  Since the hotel does not offer free wifi, you can go to nearby internet cafes to access internet.  There is also a pharmacy next to Gloucester station if you need to buy bottled water.  The restaurant onsite had a good menu.  My husband and I…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
4370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Far From Underground Station,"On a ""first class"" group tour; thus the big city hotel was not well located.  20 minute walk to the nearest underground station.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Place to stay,I spent three night at this Hilton. My rooms was not very big but it was clean tidy and had everything that i needed. Our door key kept not working and staff were very quick to sort it out. Didnt use any of the facilites or eat in the hotel. Really close to westfields for shopping!!!,Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
4372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean and comfortable but overpriced,"Clean hotel and decent room, but no better than many cheaper hotels that I have stayed in.  Breakfast is overpriced, but there are several places nearby (including a Weatherspoons pub)  The location is good for the underground.  It is 5 minutes walk to Shepherds Bush Underground or slightly further to Holland Park.  I paid £80 per night for 4 nights (room only) through Travelocity Secret Hotels.  I realise that this is a good deal for the Hilton, but it was still overpriced.  I would rather have stayed in a 2* or 3* hotel with breakfast included.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel but Poor Service,"Hilton London Kensington is nice hotel, nice area, as it is close to westfiled shopping centre, but the service is too bad, I am still in staying at the hotel (Room 6009) as my check out will be on Oct. 02, 2009.   This is my first time in Hilton as I am Marriott member since 1988, but I really miss the service at Marriott.  at the Hilton Kensington I keep calling the house keepering every day to ask them to finished uncompeleted job at my room.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good enough at a price,"Stayed here for a couple of nights . Had stayed here many years ago, hotel much more modern now.  Hotel is just in Congestion charge zone. Problem getting in to Car Park with barrier. Dealt with eventually with complete lack of charm.  Room fine for the price, this is usually amongst the cheaper 4* Hiltons in London and is near to new shopping centre, and was quiet.  Decent enough breakfast if you remember that less than £10 per person is allocated.",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
4375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT HOTEL WHOSE STAFF LOOK AFTER THEIR GUESTS EXTREMELY WELL,"I stayed in this hotel after a trafalgar tour on 31 August 09 for 4 days and before the tour on 190809. The staff in this hotel treated me extremely well and made my stay extremely comfortable. Their customer service is impeccable and excellent. I was quite nervous after the tour on 310809 -being alone and this being my first visit to London. However,  the concierge, front desk, staff at the West Eleven restaurant plus the cleaners from this Hotel did everything possible to make me feel comfortable and at home. Rashid, Sofiane, Khoo and others of the concierge helped me choose tours for London,taught me how to get around by bus  and even called security and the police  for me when I was harassed by a beggar near the hotel. I have yet to experience such wonderful service in any…",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
4376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average hotel if you get a good price,"Me and my partner stayed at the Hilton Kensington last weekend and having a paid a price of £148 inc. breakfast (booked direct through the Hilton website - this was the cheapest I could find it at last minute) I have to say I was a little dissappointed, particularly after noticing that in a recent review somebody mentioned they paid £68 inc. breakfast.  Our main disappointment was the size of our room, I had read previous reviews and noticed a few people had also mentioned this, but thought how bad could it be, I realised when we got to our room exactly what they were talking about, I dont think I have stayed in a hotel with such a small room, it was literally a box and a tiny bathroom with just a shower (no bath).  It felt very claustrophobic and while I appreciate you do not…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,BRILLIANT LOCATION,"This hotel was in a brill location, very central and a lovely walk down from Holland Park Station to hotel.  We were room only in hotel but found a great place for breakfast ""Paisserie Valerie"" which was only a short walk from hotel.  The hotel is only 6 stops on central line to Oxford Circus and one stop away from Nottinghill Gate which takes you to Portabello Road which was definitely worth a visit.  I thought the Hilton at Holland Park was a really lovely place to stay and I would certainly recommend it.  Our room was very nice with all amenties you would expect from a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
4378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel..would definitely stay again,"My husband and i stayed at this hotel twice, one for a recent visit to London and another for our anniversary.  They had a special deal going and we managed to get a suite for the price of a normal room-brilliant!  The hotel is relaxing and very clean and the service of the staff is superb. The only complaint would be the price of dinner...we had been to eat at Le gavroche the night before and found we got better quality food for a better price there! Although the restaurant staff were brilliant and very polite. At night, the bar downstairs has a brilliant atmosphere, we spent ages there one night downing cocktails. The hotel is a fantastic location in a upper class Kensington neighbourhood with walkable distance to all the major sights and a nearby tube station. Would…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for shop til you drop ...,"Stayed here for 2 nights and the hotel was lovely.  Very clean, staff really helpful, excellent location.  Right next to the Westfield Shopping Centre so you really can shop!  Couldn't fault anything.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
4380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a weekend stay,"We stayed here on a sightseeing weekend in London.  We had a very comfortable room on the 5th floor, no street noise and the whole hotel was very clean and smart. Good choice of food at breakfast , and all staff were extremely helpful and polite. We paid £62 for a twin room with breakfast, great value for London!",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in Kensington,"I'm a little confused about some of the reviews here and wondering if they stayed at the same hotel I did. This is a great hotel in London, and even better if you use a certain well-known travel booking service that has William Shatner as a spokesman to book your room.  A couple of points about the hotel. It's not actually in Kensington proper, but in an area between Kensington, Notting Hill and Shepherd's Bush. It's about a 200 yard walk to the Shepherd's Bush Underground station, which is nice, but you have to cross two major roads to get to it. Fortunately, for the really busy one (West Cross Route, A3220) there's an underground tunnel that passes under it, so it's not that big a deal. The rooms are a bit small by American standards, but are quite typical of most European…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Service - One Major Design Issue,"Stayed here in Feb 09 when attending the National Wedding Show. Camped in a twin room with one of my bridesmaids and we were very impressed! The room was neat and clean with modern furnishings and nice bath/ shower with Crabtree & Evelyn products (yay!). However I have one MAJOR DESIGN ISSUE I feel the hotel should address - the doors! Being an engineer, I understand hotels have to meet certain regulatory standards regarding fire doors but surely there must be a door equivalent of the sort of soft close cabinet drawers you get in kitchens! A small family were on our floor and I think the kids were in a separate room from their parents because we could hear them moving up and down the corridor and banging the doors late into the night - not very pleasant when one is trying to get…",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
4383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awesome Location!,"This hotel is so convenient to Westfield Mall which offers incredible shopping and free Wi-fi.  The mall has a variety or restaurants to chose from, although I favored the Gourment Burger Kitchen.  The hotel is very convenient to Shepard's Bush Undergroud but the 94 and 148 bus routes stop right in from of the hotel.  The routes go from the hotel to Marble Arch, Oxford Street, and Picadilly Cirus, they go into the heart of London.  I had a very good experience at the hotel with one exception, the main concierge attendent  was short at times.  On my last day, there was a female standing in the check-in area who was answering questions for guests and seemed very friendly and professional.  The breakfast was plentiful and favorful.  Overall, I had a great experience.",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Slow in resolving overcharge issue,"My sister in law and I stayed at the Kensington Hilton for a period of 12 days in June - on the night before departure we finalised the bill with nothing owing.  At 3am on departure morning we had a bill slipped under the door to say we owed money.  Went down to sort it out to be told by the Reception staff that they would speak to the accounts person when they got in to fix it, only to find when I arrived back in Australia my credit card had been charged more that AUD$500.  I have been trying to get this charge reversed since 14th July 2009 and am just getting the run around, being told on several occasions that they will respond within 3 business days.  We are now 8 weeks down the track and still no positive response from anyone.  Hope they don't treat all their guests like…",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
4385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Check-in staff need training in customer services,"Stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights  Generally this Hotel os ok, situated within a few minutes walk from Shepherds Bush stations and Westfield shopping centre. Hotel was very clean and room make up service was excellent. On the downside there is a charge for internet access within the rooms of £15 per day using a cable (no wireless). There is also internet access from the ground floor bar at a cost of £4 per 15 minutes. This is just a rip off! Dont open or touch the minibar unless you want to be charged even if you just want to have a look. (maybe all hotels are similar in this, but it was a new one for me). Also the bottle of mineral water priced at £3.50 in the room is a joke considering they have the same bottles on the counter at breakfast which people can take away for free?…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,best place to stay in london,"I have stayed on business many times at this hotel. i am always welcomed by the most friendly and competent staff and feel more comfortable here than in any other london hotel holland park is quite close to the centre and now next door to the best shopping area travel to central london is easy, but at the same time the hotel is in a quiet area I always ask for a room at the back The restaurant is first class and there are many good eating places nearby in Notting Hill Why stay in the noisy centre and pay twice as much",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
4387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good, but I've seen better from Hilton","Having stayed in a number of Hilton's both in the UK and abroad this wasn't quite up to the usual standard (room wise) - having said that though I got a good deal from Londontown.com (£215 for 3 nights) so I can't really complain. If I'd paid more for the room we got I wouldn't have been happy though. Granted it was a standard room, however the carpet was shabby, the wardrobe door wouldn't shut, there was rust in the bathroom (I could go on) - all little things, but again not what I'd expect from a Hilton. Otherwise the room was clean and the bed comfortable.   The staff were excellent - from the moment we arrived until the moment we left they couldn't do enough for us and all were very pleasant and friendly. Definitely 5 star service.   Breakfast was very good - plenty to…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Requested a twin but got a double.,"Took a family member on a short 2 night break. We requested a twin bedded room for obvious reasons. Hotel reception said they only had double rooms left and so would ask housekeeping to make up another bed in the room. The bed was a hospital / camping bed. It came with  1 piece of someones body hair on the covers. The hotel seemed to be struggling for rooms and when we came down later on, several people were lying down with their luggage in reception. The breakfast was not great. Some of the hot food was cold or overcooked.  We found the location to be okay. It was a short walk from shepherds bush underground station. I would not stay here again. Overall it was overpriced and not too welcoming.",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
4389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice service and Food,I stayed at this wonderful hotel for 3 days and was totally pleased. I found and booked the hotel  through Luxury Group directly and everything went smoothly from the beginning.,Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Suited me fine,"Good location for shops, transport, places to eat. Pleasant room. Near the park as well. Food was okay.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Business & Birthday,"The Hilton Kensington is very well located. Across the hotel is a bus stop where both the Hop On-Hop Off tourist bus stops as the regular bus (take the 194 down the street to shopping and Picadilly), 5 minutes away is a bus station and tube station. Right behind here is a new grand mall with 'posh' shops as Chanel and The Beers and regular stores like Marks & Spencers. There are plenty of restaurants here as well. There are several pubs near by (Belushi on the next corner is a favorite of mine: live music, drink specials and crazy people to watch). The lounge for the executive floor is what made our trip. The breakfast staff left a little to want but the food was good and plentiful (empty trays will be refilled, have a few minutes patience), afternoon tea was simple and the…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall a good experience,"We had booked a 2 night stay requesting a quiet room on the top floor. We arrived from Heathrow at 1100 and did not expect our room to be ready, however as we had booked a room as Gold card members it was nice to have immediate access to the lounge where the staff were very attentive.  Unfortunately there were issues with the previous guest checking out from our room and whilst everyone else was getting access to their rooms, we did not get ours until just on 1500 and then they had to swap us to another room rather than the original allocated.  Room 6028 is nice but it is not quiet as it has the ice machine outside the door.  We enjoyed breakfast in the lounge  which we were glad we could get at as the queues for the dining room were so long.  Breakfast range was very adequate,…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Mixed Feelings ( Breakfast!),"Stayed at the hilton for 2 nights, staff very friendly and helpful. Room was o.k. Very quite at night on the 7th floor. The disappointing part was breakfast on the first morning, we went down at 9.45 to find a queue of about 30 to 40 people! decided to go for a walk, came back 1hour later walked straight into restaurant to find ---- cold porridge, cold scrambled egg, rock hard bacon and no plates also the servery was very messy! I have not found this with any other Hilton, so very disappointed. I did speak to the food manager who sorted something out for the next morning, but even so be aware when the hotel is busy this is how it will be. Overall good stay.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
4394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and good breakfast!,"I stayed here for 1 night in July as me and my partner went to see a westend show. The hotel is great. It is about a 15 min walk from Holland park tube station. We were offered breakfast for a reduced rate of £10, and the breakfast was great. All in all a really nice stay.",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
4395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel especially if you get the upgrade,"We stayed at this hotel for five days and it was clean, comfortable and the service was good. My husband is a Hilton Rewards member and we received a room upgrade upon request at check in. This gave us complimentary breakfast, access to the executive lounge, which meant complimentary afternoon tea and happy hour, as well as free internet on the hotel computers in the lounge. The room was a decent size. The bed was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was large and clean. Internet in the room was extra. This is a big hotel with many guests coming and going. The location, near Holland Park, is on the edge of a lovely residential area on one side and a gigantic shopping mall and tube station on the other. It is not centrally located but the value we got, especially with the upgrade,…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Don't expect it to be in Kensington,"Stayed one night at the Hilton London Kensington, I found the name misleading as I was expecting to be closer to the centre of London rather than in Shepherd's Bush!  Having recently stayed at the Hilton Gateshead we were expecting a similar standard at this hotel, sadly it fell far short of that. The room was adequate but nothing more and a little on the small side. Breakfast was not up to the expected standard and there seemed to be a shortage of staff.  Serving spoons rather than tongs made picking up the sausages and bacon quite difficult and many guests commented on this.   We will certainly look for a more central location for our next visit to London. It was expensive for what we paid £135.  Internet access if £15 per day, which I think is exhorbitant.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
4397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location for Westfield shopping centre,a friend and i were seeing Russell Brand at Hammersmith Apollo and wanted somewhere between the venue and the Westfield Centre as we were going shopping the next day. the hotel was easy to get to from central london using the tube. it is a short walk from shepherd's bush station. the receptionists were very friendly and the hotel room decor was modern and clean. the beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was very clean and there were plenty of towels (always a plus for 2 girls staying together!). we decided to have a quick bite before the show in the hotel bar. the bar staff mixed us some fab cocktails and the food was pricey but nice. the hotel got us a cab very quickly and we even returned after the show for some late drinking in the bar. all the staff we spoke to were…,Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
4398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - Will be back,"I have travelled widely and stayed in many top hotels but the service at this hotel was second to none.  Every phone call to reception had an immediate response this despite the fact that they were in the middle of a very busy summer season.  My son's problem with his t.v. was delt with in a manner of minutes.  Check in was flawless, bags and room service arrived on time.  Breakfast was fast and efficient. My pot of coffee arrived within one minute of ordering every morning without fail. The impression was a good team working flat out to make sure that each and every person was well looked after.  My only gripe was that the room service dinner arrived not quite hot enough although the waiter was chatty and professional.  This hotel is working on all engines and our stay was…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
4399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Poor excuse for a Hilton,"Was so disapointed by this hotel.  Holland Park is a lovely area in London, mix with the Hilton name and I was expecting far more than was delivered. I think this hotel was overpriced for a particularly average hotel. I've never stayed in a Hilton, but based upon this, I won't be staying in one again.  Room very basic and not very clean, not a great breakfast and am just pleased i was only there one night.",Date of stay: October 2008,2.0
4400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but nothing special,The hotel is literally two minutes away from Shepherd's Bush tube station which is very convenient and on the Central line which takes you to Oxford Street. There are a couple of changes required if you want to go to Heathrow by tube but it is generally easy to get to. There is also a huge shopping centre at the tube station which is worth checking out.  The reception area is very nice and the staff were pretty efficient. There is a concierge who can look after cases etc if the room is not available and we took advantage of this when we checked in and out.  The room itself was very small - and I have stayed in some small rooms in big cities. There was perhaps 30cm at the foot of the bed to squeeze past. There was very little floor space for opening a suitcase or anything like…,Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
4401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, slightly outside of central London but easily accessible","Stayed at this hotel for one night upon arriving in London.   Was actually a pretty good place to stay.  The hotel is bordered by two interesting areas:  Holland Park / Kensington area which is a relatively quiet, leafy street, and the Westfield London shopping centre, easily one of the most opulent malls I've seen outside of Las Vegas.  The hotel appears to have been renovated during the past few years.  The rooms were small, but well laid out and quiet.  Although I don't think our rooms were renovated, they were in acceptable condition and I'll grudgingly admit that they were good by London standards, for the price we paid (57 GBP).  The location is near Shepherd's Bush tube, though it is a bit of a walk around the mall, so I'd suggest the slightly longer but far more pleasant…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Another Fantastic Stay,"This was my second time at the Hilton London Kensington, and it was another fantastic stay. The front desk personal were extremely friendly, and fast . I was able to check in early with no complaints or hesitation from the front desk. Last time I visited this hotel, they were in the middle of the renovation, so it was noisy during the day (which my partner and I didn’t mind actually, since we were out in the city anyways.) On this trip, we were really pleased with the updated refurbishment, and how quiet our room were. The room was nicely decorated, and the bathroom was extremely clean (love the shampoos by the way.) The bed was also clean and comfortable. The hotel is near a Tesco Express, which is great if you want a quick walk and breakfast before hitting the town. Sheppard’s…",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
4403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK I suppose,"Stayed with partner for an overnight Birthday treat, combined with a trip to Westfield, which is in walking distance.  Booked a standard guest room, but asked for a smoking room on check in and were upgraded to an executive room on 2nd floor (all smoking rooms on 2nd floor) room was clean,b ut tiny, I mean really small. Bathroom was equally lilliputian, though nice shower. Breakfast included, was ok would have liked some non pork sausages.  Very, very noisy, with traffic, police, ambulance sirens, all night long. Our ambience was further disturbed by seeing a couple having a physical fight outside our room. Not the hotel's fault obviously!  Friendly staff, quick check out.   A toothbrush kit would have been appreciated!",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
4404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, easy transport links, would return.","My friend and I recently stayed at the hotel for 4 nights.  We had a twin room which was very clean and had all the necessary facilities, TV, safe, tea and coffee, etc. (with a kettle you could actually get more than 1 cup of tea from which was nice).  We didn't use any of the hotel amenities, choosing to be up and out for the majority of the day, so I can't comment on the restaurant or bar, etc in the hotel itself.  There are however plenty of cafes, restaurants, etc., a couple of minutes walk from the hotel, so we chose to go out and explore.    As you come out of the hotel, to the right and about 5 minutes walk is a large modern shopping centre with lots of restaurants which are open late.  To the left from the hotel and again about 5 minutes walk are local cafes, restaurants…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"London break- great location, average rooms","Hilton Kensington is in a great location, close to two tube stations and bus route just out the front. The Restaurant Staff were very courteous and the food was great.  The Reception Staff were at times difficult to get assistance from and the rooms are VERY small and in need of a refurbishment.   They were clean and the housekeeping team that we encounted were pleasant and professionable.  If you are not in your room for any length of stay, it is not a bed place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
4406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fine for 1 night stay.,"The usual standard Hilton, not central location but near the tube, room was ok, could hear next door TV and talking, so sound proofing is not adequate. Breakfast very slow, fine for 1 night stay.",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
4407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Avoid 2095 - and the Restaurant,"On arrival allocated room 2095, a shoe box size room with no bath.   No way  would I stay in a room of this size for 3 nights.  So small you have to walk round the bed to get into the room and the TV is wall mounted due to lack of space.  Are Hilton proud of the manner in which they accommodate their Silver VIP Hhonors members?  Returned to reception where a room change was no mere formality.  Laura trotted off twice to confer with the manager and only after some delay was I granted an alternative room on the 4th floor.  This appeared to be a standard room which had at least a bath in a tiny bathroom and begs the question as to how room 2095 could be described. Our restaurant experience was also a dire affair.  This dull, windowless room was understaffed to the extent that we…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
4408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!","What a find! It is kind of off the beaten path but oh so worth it. It is located on a cute little street that seems out of a picture. There is a little gelato place on the same street towards the underground that is absoultely fabulous! I would stay here again in a heart beat! The only thing I didn't like was the fact that our toilet did not work well. Oh, they also charge a large fee for using the internet. Don't foget to visit Nottinghill! It is literally a ten minute walk from this hotel. VERY CUTE!",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Mega breakfast, lacking in one thing for me","Great location , excellent  for transport to other places. My second time at this hotel, last was  as a single person. Twin room can be claustrophobic for 2 people. I am a smoker and my companoin was a non smoker, she was o.k. with this but I wish there was an area outside the hotel to sit in comfort and have a drink and a cigarette so I did not pollute the bedroom for my non smoking friend. As usual the buffet breakfast was incredible and could set you up for the whole day. Cleanliness of room  could not be faulted. I asked for a small fridge in the room when I checked in and this was provided . I know it is possible to get 5* accommodation for last minute bookings in London at a discount but why bother taking the risk ? If you can book ahead and know for sure what you are…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,Just returned from 5 night stay at the end of our trip and very much enjoyed the neighborhood and the hotel.  Although we were not one of the lucky ones to have our room upgraded we made do with the space in a standard room and managed quite well.  It was kept spotless and tea/coffee cookies were replenished each day. The concierge service was always helpful and pleasant and the one meal that we ate there (because we were too tired to go elsewhere) was very good. We would most definitely return.,Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Guest orientated hotel,"Stayed here for one night with my wife. Generally, a pleasant and commendable stay. This hotel stands out because  all staff treat  guests with respect - they are prepared/have been trained to give that little bit extra and nobody had an indifferent attitude. They also greet and talk to guests in a helpful and positive way. Pros: straightforward check-in and out; the attitude of the staff towards guests was excellent; bus stop outside hotel (in both directions); ten minute walk to Holland Park tube station; located on pleasant tree-lined avenue; brilliant upmarket Westfield Shopping Centre within walking distance; large executive lounge with plenty of choice for breakfast and pre-dinner nibbles and drinks and also free internet access; plenty of areas for sitting down and…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonably priced in a location just outside of the hustle and bustle.,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington in April of 2007 and were more than pleased.  Most flights from the US to Europe get you there before check-in at hotels.  The staff was more than happy to secure our luggage in a closet until our room was available.  There were plenty of other bags in the closet, so apparently we weren't he only ones.  The staff also assisted me with contacting the airport where I had left a bag...ugh.  The hotel staff did everything short of driving me to the airport.  When we checked in we found the room to be in good condition.  I wouldn't even consider the bedroom small.  The bathroom was a bit on the petite size, but served its purpose.  Our 9 night stay didn't tempt us to eat at the restaurant on site, but we did stop off at the bar for a couple of…",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
4413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,All round great,Lovely welcome and nice room. Excellent service in the bar to quickly accomodate 20 of us for drinks and snacks.  The staff couldn't do enough for us.,Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great stay - wonderful area!,"Stayed one night and was not disappointed.  Typical large Hilton, but still attentive to service - very pleasant check in staff and waiters at breakfast.  Clean, comfortable and in a wonderful trendy location.  Complimentary wine was a lovely touch.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable stay,"My family and I just stayed at this hotel for 5 days for our trip to England.  The rooms were okay in size, very clean and quiet.  Our rooms face the roundabout just outside the hotel, but I could barely hear the noise from the street.  The complimentary tea/coffee/cookie was refreshed daily.   Hotel staff was polite, friendly and helpful.   The location was excellent; it's a 5 min walk to the new Westfield Mall and the closest Underground station (Shepherd's Bush), and about 30 mins from Heathrow Airport by taxi.  There are also bus stops right in front of the hotel.  Prices for the rooms were reasonable.  We've already decided to return to England next summer, and will definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No complaints,"We stayed here for 4 nights and would come back again.  Very clean and spacious room, attentive service, and 24 hour lounge.  Close to two tube stations and a lot of shops within walking distance.  The Greek restaurant across the street has the best taramasalata I've ever had.    After I checked out, discovered I left my favorite dress in the room.  Called and they said no worries, I could pick it up whenever.  A week later, I stopped in before heading back to the US and they quickly brought my dress out.    The internet access was a whopping 4 pounds for a half hour, so skip that and head to the many internet cafes past the Shepherd's Bush station.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"We stayed at this hotel for three nights 5th-8th of June and it was a fantastic stay.From the minute we checked in until check out the hotel was just great.First we were given an upgrade to an excecutive room complete with lounge access and this was a big bonus.     The room was spotless and by no means small,it was on the 6th floor with a massive comfy bed so there was no problem at all getting a good nights sleep.All the staff that we met were so professional,but also very friendly and helpful,they could'nt do enough for us and I do mean all the staff.     Next is the food, it to was very good as we were on DBB we ate in at night as well as breakfast.The food was good but was limited in selection for diner,but hey it was still fine as we were only there for the three…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,exemplary service,"We have stayed at this hotel many times since our daughter lives in the neighborhood.  On this visit, I overlooked retrieving my American money from the roomsafe when I left, and, upon inquiring, was very pleasantly surprised to learn that the purse had been turned in.   The hotel seemed to be much busier than usual--perhaps the Westfield Shopping Center practically at the doorstep, is responsible.   Other reviewers have commented that the hotel is a bit out of the way for London attractiions.  However, the neighborhood is so lovely-very enjoyable to stroll around Holland Park and Notting Hill--and gives a differerent aspect to a London trip.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,One off a kind........,"Stayed there for two nights,rooms are big and verry clean. The buffetbreakfast is verry nice and everything you like is there. A wonderfull place and good service. Worth the money you pay.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,simply loved it,Great hotel,Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exactly what we wanted,"My daughter and I used this hotel for five days as a base for touring universities outside London. It was perfect for us: light, airy and very clean room, with enough counter space in the bathroom, and a nice view of leafy trees out the large window.  The walk from Holland Park tube station was lovely, with charming shops and a supermarket along the way (Sheperds Bush was closer, but we enjoyed the walk, and bus service is outside the front door). We did check out Westfield shopping center...lots of retaurants there as well, and the biggest Boots drugstore in the universe. A few cons: expensive internet access in room (15 pounds for 24 hours running noon to noon, though cheaper with different terms in lobby); we kept the window open instead of using the air conditioner and there…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We'll be back for sure!,"Just completed a stay that totalled - including a weekend away in the country - two weeks.  And I have to say it was a great choice.  Of course, if you arrive at 9 a..m. from your transocean flight and checkout is 11, there's a chance there won't be a room available.  So stash your luggage and go for a walk or bus ride!  And yes, the rooms are small, by North American standards, but no smaller than comparable London hotels, and - at least they are clean, well sound-insulated, and everything works!  Location couldn't be better: True, it's not dead-center in London, but you're in a real London neighborhood, only a short walk from the Shepherd's Bush tube (10 minutes to Oxford Street, max.) and - even better - several bus routes into central London stop right at the hotel door! …",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Superb location as we were attending a concert in the Shepherds Bush Empire.  Good room, smallish but that's par for the course in London, nice Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.  The staff were lovely and breakfast was very good, we did get a bargain at £65 including breakfast and I'd definitely stay here again.  We also ate dinner in the restaurant and it was pretty good as far as hotel food goes and reasonably priced.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Clean & Spacious Room","This hotel has a great location in the Holland Park area - about 4 blocks from the Holland Park tube stop on the Central Line. There are many small restaurants and several small convenience stores nearby. The area near the hotel is safe to walk around and is adjacent  to some of the more expensive residential property in London.  The room is reasonably sized with the usual Hilton amenities. There is a well stocked coffee/tea tray in the room as well as a hair dryer and iron.  We have had some bad experiences in London staying in small independent hotels, local chains such as Thistle and Guomon and B&B's and so decided to give this Hilton a try - it was nice to stay in a well ventilated room that had an en suite bath with good water pressure - so what if the ambiance isn't…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Happiness At The Hilton,"I spent four nights here as part of a stay over in London. It’s a beautiful hotel and rooms are nicely decorated with tea and coffee making facilities. I gathered my room was one not recently renovated since I found some dirty marks on the carpet and wallpaper, compared to my friend’s room which had undergone recent refurbishment.   I attempted to arrange to have my room earlier by emailing the hotel a week before hand with my request, was willing to pay additional for this because I was going to the theatre in the afternoon and evening and wanted to drop my luggage off and change. Sadly my room was not ready at 12pm but they offered me a small double room, sadly they didn’t reduce the price which I find a bit of a con but I guess it’s how they make their money.   The concierge…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely brilliant,I have just come back from staying at this Hotel.  me and my husband stayed here for one night.  we booked the hotel through londontown.com and got it for £65 per room per night including breakfast.  I would most definitley stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.  the service was brilliant and the rooms were compact and very clean.  A great experience all round.,Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Seventy five pounds for 7 days Internet access !!!,This was my first stay in this hotel.  The location was perfect as business took me further West and the hotel is a good middle distance between Heathrow and Central London.  It should more properly be called Shepherds Bush Hilton given it's location.  The Staff were friendly upon check in.  However I couldn't believe they wanted 75 pounds for Internet access!  Eventually I ended up paying this exhorbitant amount.  I was given incorrect advice at Reception about the access spanning the two halves of my trip (I checked out at the weekend) and had to get a Supervisor to review the situation.  They ended up upgrading me to an Executive Room with access to Internet in the room plus access to the Executive Lounge only to call the next evening and say they'd made yet another error and…,Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
4428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,wonderful place to stay,"Just recently stayed at this hotel for a 3 day stay.  Rooms were neat and clean, staff was very pleasant.  Bar area was great, food and drinks very reasonably priced. The resturant was nice, breakfast in the morning was buffet and a various things to chose from.  We were very pleased with our stay here.",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, great breakfast!","We stayed at this hotel for a weekend during March. The room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was great with plenty of choice and good service. Food at the bar was lovely too. Location was good, only a short walk to the Underground. Only thing to be prepared for is high car parking cost at £30 per 24 hrs.",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - will stay again,I stayed at this hotel on 14th April 09 and thought it was great.  The check-in staff were very friendly and gave me a choice of rooms.  I then had a call in my room after about 15 mins to check all was ok and it was.  The room had everything I needed and was tastefully decorated.  My view wasn't great but that didn't bother me as I had lots of work to do!  I ate at the restaurant - WestEleven in the evening.  I opted for the £20 menu for 3 courses.  The food and ambience was perfect.  The buffet breakfast was also very nice – loads and loads of choice and great healthy options.   The hotel is situated perfectly for Westfield Shopping centre - a 5 minute walk.  The underground is near by too.   I was travelling alone and felt totally safe in the hotel and surrounding area.  I…,Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great service and location,"Hotel was very clean and welcoming. Check in staff were very friendly. Beds were not the best, however staff were able to find us a better bed. Breakfast was great. Location is in a good area and not far from central london. Bus stop right outside and mall close by. No laundry facility on site. One close by, ""but not the best"". Would stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
4432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, but clean and good location","The location is great, with easy ""tube"" access (Shepherds Bush). Many restaurants close by.   The room was very small with barely enough room to walk around bed. Windows look right out on other rooms in close proximity. Bed a bit wobbly. Closet space very limited.   Room was very hot on arrival due to sun exposure, but A/C worked well and got temp to sane level in about an hour.   Due to space, TV mounted on the wall in a corner of room. Reasonable quality but not a lot of channels.  Desk space limited and Internet access very expensive (15 pounds per day).   Bathroom small but functional. Shower stall very small and with very limited ceiling height.   Lots of small detail problems: alarm clock not working, shower head not quite right, musty smell in hallway, but nothing major.",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
4433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,NO PROBLEMS WHATSOEVER.,"Stayed 20th March 2009 for 3 nights. Room was on the 4th floor, Kingsize bed, widescreen t.v. bathroom with bath and overhead shower. (crabtree and evelyn toiletries in bathroom) All very clean and perfect. Check-in staff very accomodating and efficient. The doorstaff were very attentive and helpful. Breakfast was excellent,including omlette bar. Plenty of choice for the health conscious option, or not as in our case.(full english all 3 mornings) Would certainly stay here again, and would have no problem recommending this hotel to anybody. Can't wait for next years London weekend break. Age of party 45 & 49.",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Some good, mostly bad","Recently stayed for 4 nights with my wife over Easter. The hotel has some good points but was mostly dissapointing.  Whether the location is good for you or not will be highly dependent on what you are looking for. The hotel is not very central - its in a fairly quiet residential area on Holland Park Avenue. Its very close to the Shepherd's Bush tube station on the Central Line (Tip: the Hilton website tells you its near the Holland Park tube station, which it sorta is, but Shepherd's Bush is much closer).and right next to a bus stop (Tip: do not take a bus to Camden. It took ages and was a very unpleasant trip. On the other hand the trip to Victoria or Marble Arch is much more pleasant than taking the tube), so you can get anywhere in London pretty easily, but if you want to be…",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
4435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Queuing for Breakfast,Nice hotel at nice location. Rooms are clean a bit too small though. Worst experience here was we had to queue for 30 minutes before we could get breakfast. Staff was doing its utmost best but clearly a management mistake understaffing a full hotel that week end.,Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
4436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good base and great value.,"Well located hotel, close to Shepards Bush tube.  We got a very good deal - £100 per night for 2, B&B on the easter bank holiday!  Room was clean and well appointed, with a large bed.  The gf also really liked the toiletries.  The breakfast was excellent and all of the staff we met were friendly and courteous.  Recommended.",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"Short review,not much to be said,it's a nice hotel,lovely location.helpful staff a short walk to the tube and plenty of shops nearby.",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good location but tiny bathroom,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for one night and whilst the location could not really be described as Kensington, it is still a very nice area. The walk down from Holland Park tube station takes you past a very pleasant pub and a number of cafes and patisseries. Turn left out of the hotel and you are practically at Westfield Shopping Centre so it is very easy to find things to do in the locality. Whilst the location is excellent the room was not quite so good. It was furnished nicely but there was evidence of a substantial leak from the roof which had stained the carpet and looked very unpleasant. The bed was comfortable and the breakfast was good. The main complaint though was about the bathroom. It was tiny. This would not usually bother me but it was so small I could…",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
4439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very good Hilton,"We were a bit nervous having booked this hotel as a 'secret hotel' on Lastminute.com realising it was not in the West End.  It is not in Kensington it has to be said!  It is at the western end of Holland Park Ave, near to Shepherd's Bush.   Having said that, we need not have worried. The hotel is in a pleasant , safe area which is quiet too even though the hotel is on a main road.   It is close to Westfields shopping mall, small local shops, good local pubs & tube stations.  It has a bus stop immediately outside the front door from where you can catch a variety of buses into the West End in no time at all.  With an 'oyster card' a bus journey is £1 and far more interesting than sitting underground!  We only stayed for one night but I expect you could walk into Kensington quite…",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, great location!","I stayed at Hilton London Kensington for three nights on the Easter week. I found the hotel from the hhonors.com web site, and booked it after reading positive reviews from Tripadvisor.com. Even after all the nice comments from fellow reviewers, I was still positively surprised. The hotel really lived up to all my expectations.  Check-in was courteous and quick. I arrived at the hotel at 11 am, and was given a room straight away.  My room was on the 3rd floor, and it was overlooking the mechanical plant on the roof. Not much view there, but not a problem either. The room had an OK sized working desk, a king size bed and a lounge chair + small table. All quite comfortable and clean. The décor is modern but comfortable. There was also a flat screen TV, although the picture quality…",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,fantastic,"My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Kennsington after being in England and France for two weeks. We try to stay in London for a few days on our way back to Canada. We will be staying here again on our next trip. From the minute we walked to the door we felt welcomed. Our room was so comfortable and the fresh fruit waiting for us was a real treat. We had spent all day travelling. Breakfast in the morning was the best I had ever had. The best Omlette ever and the coffee was great. Being from Canada, We love our Tim Hortons. Bed was so Comphy, slept like I was at home. We were over looking the front of hotel and was nice and quiet. Staff was great and very helpful. Can't wait to go back. I know what I am getting for Christmas again this year. Oh, by the way a great door man, you…",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
4442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Clean and comfortable stay at the Hilton Kensington,"We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 3 nights as a base for a London city break.  We travelled to the hotel using the Underground, with the nearest stop being Shepherds Bush just a short walk away.  Check in was fast and efficient, the room was small (typical in London) but clean and had recently been refurbished.  We had a king size bed, flat screen TV, internet access (charged locally), bath with shower and nice views of the park opposite.   We didn't pay for breakfast as it was overpriced but walked over to the Westfield excellent Shopping Centre each morning for food.  Only fault with the room was it was quite difficult to sleep with the mini bar buzzing and strange sound of high powered water going on and off all night....after walking around London though it became less…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location!",We stayed at this hotel for two nights in February 2009 and were really impressed by it.  The location is more Holland Park than Kensington so is also handy for Notting Hill and the hotel was less than a 10 minute walk from Holland Park underground.  It's a beautiful part of London and I would love to have had longer there.  Our room was lovely with tea and coffee facilities and a really comfortable bed and the breakfast buffet was immense with a wide range of options.  The room wasn't cheap but it was very luxurious so worth it for a nice weekend away.,Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
4444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic! Great room and location!,"Me and my Fiance booked to stay in the Hilton for 2 nights in March. We didnt pay full price for the room, as Hilton were doing an offer on staying in their hotels over the weekend. We paid about £120 for two nights for two people. The hotel is situated in between Kensington and Shepards Bush and right across from the tube station and a MASSIVE indoor shopping centre, with lots of places to shop and eat-very up market!! If you stayed in the Kensington area on an evening there were some lovely places to eat, and some nice quiet pubs. We only ventured into Shepards Bush once-was not our scene at all, came across as been a bit rough during the day, full of young kids in hoodys....was a bit intimidated during the day nevermind the night.  On arrival we were greeted by the door man…",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,certainly a 4 stars hotel with wounderful food and service,"my wife,son and I stayed at this hotel in march 2008 and 2009, the room accomodated the 3 of us even though it was not very large.  the room was impeccable and the bed very comfortable.  the food is worderfull for breakfast and dinner.  the meal plan is a bargain.  the hotel staff is very helpfull and and very nice.  the location is great since it is 5 minute walk from the subway (Holland Park station) or you can enjoy the 2 decker bus (94) which brings you downtown london in a pleasant way since it rides along marble arch and Kensington and Hyde Parks.  Since the bus 94 runs 24 hours a day and it stops right in front of the hotel door, it is a very safe way to travel to and from downtown london even at night.  In summary, great hotel at a reasonable price for Londopn,  great…",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for London,"Stayed at this Hilton with my girlfriend in February 2008.  We were in London for 3 nights and the Hilton group had a half-price sale on which equated to paying around £65 a night per room including breakfast.  At the price we paid or with some level of discount I would definitely recommend the hotel.  At full price, I wouldn't be averse to staying here but I think there are stronger contenders out there.  The reviews of this hotel seemed to vary quite significantly so we were unsure what to expect.  While everyone is entitled to their own opinion, I found some of the conflicting reviews confusing, particularly on what appeared to be factual matters such as location and distance to the nearest tube station.  I thought I'd try and clear this issue up, particularly for those not…",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
4447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Actually very good - but ask for a good room!,"After reading other reviews on here we were nervous about booking via lastminute.com on one of their Top Secret hotels (very easy to work out which hotel you will get by checking nearby restaurants!) and getting a very good price - £138 for two nights. This is a good price for London and we were 6 tube stops (18-20 mins) from Oxford Street and the centre of London attractions and sights.   We asked for a refurbished room and a King Sized bed on check in and we got one! Our room was on the top floor, very modern and a good size for myself and my wife. I can only assume that other reviews have been for un-modernised rooms or single rooms - as ours was lovely. I travel a lot as part of my job and this room was a typical Hilton with everything you need in the room, a functional…",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
4448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great central location, good hilton standard, would recommend!","I stayed here with my partner in Jan 2009 as part of a overnight stay to london to go and see wicked (which was incredible) for our anniversary. We booked this hotel through last minute and were very pleased. The hotel is lovely inside with standard smart reception and a nice bar area with attentive staff. When we checked in we were told we had been put in a twin room, however the staff on reception were very good and changed our reservation to a king room (inside room) straight away. The room was of a good Hilton standard and the bed was very comfortable. The only issue I had was the shower was wall mounted and quite low. I'm only 5ft 6 but I did have to contort myself a little to get it to spray on my head   Like some of the other reviewers had said, we paid £10 pp…",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,loved the hotel and staff were fab!,"Stayed from the 27th february for 3 nights on a birthday celebration weekend.  From the moment we arrived we experienced  an extremely high level of customer service, from the concierge (Rachid - an amazing man!), the waiters, porters, reception staff(gosia) and colleagues.   Nothing was too much trouble.  We were upgraded to an executive room and found the executive lounge was perfect too.   As it was my friends birthday, they surprised us with wine and fruit delivered to room and at dinner they brought out a cake and sang happy birthday!    I have already recommended it to all my other friends and have booked to go back in may!  excellent Hotel!",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
4450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,9 out of 10?,"A few years ago we stayed in this Hotel courtesy of a special offer which included the famous Hilton buffet breakfast (where you basically eat until you burst at the seams!). I remember thinking disappointedly, that the Hotel had seen better days - indifferent personnel, tired rooms, bathrooms with cracked tiles and peeling plaster... I also remember I wasn't in a hurry to book another stay! The next few years I stayed away from the Hilton group mainly because of a distinct lack of reasonable deals that I could get much better elsewhere on the Internet. Then this year I needed to come to London for a few days in January and saw by chance, that the Hilton were doing a good weekend-only deal of approx. £65 per night including full brekkie. Great! Adjacent to Holland Pk.…",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for new shopping centre,"A typcial 4 star Hilton with nothing out of the ordinary. Casual dining was busy but the restaurant was empty on a Tuesday night. A few things missing in the room, bottle opener, some toiletries but comfortable enough. Check-in was pleasant and efficient but I saw queues quite frequently. The gym is small but equipment was in good condiiton.  The location for the Shepherds Bush overground and underground lines is excellent, just  a couple of minutes walk. The hotel is virtually across the road from the new Westfield shoping centre which is excellent (De Beers, Tiffany, Dior, Prada as well as main high street stores).",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
4452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Not the normal Hilton Standards I expect, get a grip Hilton Kensington","The hotel is in Shepherd's Bush not Kensington, not that that mattered to me. Me and my partner decided to stay at this hotel as we got a last minute half price deal, as it was her birthday and the hotel had leisure facilities.  First impressions of the hotel were very good not a bad location, nice reception and bar area very modern and clean. However there was a constant que at reception and for the concierge desk this regulalrly meant a 10 -15 minute wait. The staff were very friendly and trying hard, but clearly not enough of them.  The room was clean, niclely decorated and furnished, although the room was tiny and without a bath !!  Went to use the sauna and steam room early morning, three hours after it was due to open and neither were warm. Both were filthy dirty with…",Date of stay: February 2009,2.0
4453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,cant understand negative reviews,"stayed for 2 nights, got a brilliant online rate and stayed in a executive suite. First impressionof the room was a bit small for an executive but it had been recently refurbished and was very clean with a big flatscreen tv and nice decor it had a well stocked mini bar with iron + board and a decent hairdryer!!! when you go executive you get acces to the exec lounge which provides free drinks and food (6-8pm) also you get a free breakfast the lounge is open 24hrs a day where you can get tea/coffee/cold drinks, also there is an am/pm bar where they serve drinks and food i thought they could have done better with the decor and i found it quite expensive i found all the staff very helpful. if your thinking of staying at this hotel book online you will save a lot of money",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,smalles hotel room...,"We booked a one night stay at the Hilton Kensington for end January.   The room was one of the smallest ever, with the bathroom being equally minute.  It was however nicely decorated and we were only using it as a base for sightseeing.  The breakfast was excellent and inluded in our package price.  The Hotel is not however near enough to Kensington, it is however perfectly placed for the new London shopping mall, which is only five minutes walk away.",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
4455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average for a Hilton,"We booked this hotel at the end on January 2009 with a good deal from Lastminute.com, which we were glad of because for a Hilton this is definitely of the lower-end, not up to standards of Hilton's I've stayed in before.  Having said this, it wasn't bad, just not the high standards expected. It still beats a Travelodge etc etc and the price was good to reflect this. If I'd paid full price though I'd have been disappointed.  Location is the otherside of a large island from the massive brand new shopping complex - Westfield - which for shoppers is heaven!  Shepherds Bush tube and station are there too which are brand new so very convenient.  The 148 bus stops directly outside the hotel also which for £2 is cheaper and more convenient that the tube to get to Park Lane / Marble Arch…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
4456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a business hotel and poor Hilton standards,"The hotel is not somewhere I'd recommend to anyone, particularly business travellers. The building is in desperate need of renovation, which they happened to be doing in the hallways while I was staying there. As a result, there was dust everywhere, the lifts broke, and we were forced to take the stairs.   The room was clean enough, but tiny - the smallest I've seen in London. The bathroom was ridiculously small with broken fittings, and I could hardly fit in the shower.   I was shocked to find the hotel only offered wired internet access, despite promoting wifi. Wifi is only available in the lobby, and I'm hardly going to hold a webconference there. The ethernet cable was about 30cm long, which didn't allow me to move my laptop at all around the bedroom. Paying 15 GBP daily for…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
4457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Should be Hilton Shepherd's Bush,"Hotel is not in Kensington, it's next to Shepherd's Bush train station. Still very convenient for the tube though.  Hotel service was disappointing the front desk initially refused to give us our breakfast despite the booking form stating breakfast was included three times. Eventually had to ask for the manager to resolve this. Bar was disappointing with all the draught beers not available one night. Room was small but fine and very clean.",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
4458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"OK, but not central","The Kensington Hilton is a nondescript building situated at the very edge of central London.   The Kensington and the Notting Hill districts are within walking distance, but anything else requires a trip by taxi, tube, or bus into the city center, which can take anything from 15 to 30 minutes.   This has to be factor for those who are staying in London as tourists.  However the hotel is significantly cheaper than most hotels nearer the center.   I found the reception staff courteous and helpful.   The public areas are spacious and pleasant, with a discreetly contemporary design.   My room was small with rather drab furnishings and carpeting.  The bathroom was quite ordinary but clean.   All quite OK, but nothing special.  I did not use the restuarant.  Internet connections are…",Date of stay: December 2008,2.0
4459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good,I booked this hotel at a discount rate as they were doing refurbishment works in the reception area so my review is probably skewed by the fact that the price was good (and I was on a high floor away from the noise).  The room was surprisingly spacious.  Only problems with room:  Bed uncomfortable (ask for twin not double); Room not well cleaned after last occupant (but subsequent cleaning was good); Thermostat not very sensitive.  Otherwise all the staff I spoke to were helpful and friendly.  I promptly got a replacement extra fridge when I asked for it as the mini-bar fridge is computerised so you can't rearrange it.  Also for those who are not familiar with London the hotel is located very near Sheperd's Bush underground and the new (huge) Westfield shopping centre.  Holland…,Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
4460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"We booked the Hilton Kensington at short notice and received a very favourable nightly rate. We assumed the accommodation would be bog standard and our expectations were not particularly high. On arrival, we were impressed at the facilities in the hotel, a nice bar and restaurant, a large reception area, shop, and a gym. Check in was straightforward and quick.   The room itself was situated on the 7th floor. It was expansive and beautifully decorated. It was also very clean.   The staff were very friendly and you were greeted with at least 4 ""hellos"" on route from your room to the front door. The service at breakfast was excellent and the buffet was well stocked. It didn't affect us, but some of the late risers had to wait a while for a table.   The hotel is handy for Shepherd's…",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
4461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,This is a Hilton?,The hotel is an uphill 4-5 block walk to the nearest tube station which is not what is advertised.  The hotel can be noisy as it is located at an intersection.   It was clean but needs some renovations. The restuarant prices were absurd...even for London.  I would not stay here again as it was not worth the $200/ night.  I think a B&B would be better for our next trip.,Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
4462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"business minded, below Hilton standard","We stayed for 2 nights while at conference in London, our second visit for same purpose. Our room was very small, and only had a shower and no bath. Very disapointing for a Hilton hotel. It was however very clean and comfortable. We had dinner included on the first night, small portions but ok, nothing special. Whole place seems to revolve more round business clientele, and certainly would not recommend for a couple break for instance. It's also a long walk (relatively) from nearest tube, especially if it's raining.",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
4463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton: Just OK,"Stayed here for over a week over the 2008 Christmas period. As a Hilton Gold Member, I opted for the free internet service rather than the breakfast. Paying £15 for non WiFi internet for 24 hours would have been too galling and I'm always too tired to get up to stand in the long breakfast lines.  Anyway, the hotel is located right next to the new Westfield Mall at Sheperd's Bush, just one hundred yards away. Great for shopping and several restaurants under cover. Head in the opposite direction for a ten minute walk and you're in Notting Hill and the edge of Hyde Park (good for power walking) or 2 minutes away to Holland Park itself and the upmarket neighborhood which surrounds it.  This Hilton has a modern feel, with plenty of room in the lobby and a bar/restaurant open all…",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
4464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,poorly situated & soulless. And those are the good points.,"The hotel is in the middle of nowhere, and far from the tube or any attractions. The rooms are dull, and placing 3 rotten apples addressed to someone else (seriously!)  in a bowl doesn't really liven them up. The restaurant is mediocre and hugely overpriced,  But the worst thing about this hotel is the staff. It would be charitable to call them rude and incompetent.   Example: One day my key stopped working. Rather than accompany me to my room, where my passport would have confirmed that it was my room, the staff found it easier to imagine all kinds of nefarious scenarios explaining why I would want to break in to my own room.  Probably the worst experience I've ever had.",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
4465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can you spell srvice?  Neither can they.,"It really wasn't terrible, but it was close.  The location was fine (at least for my nearby business meetings), but as the cabbie pointed out, it is not in Kensington.  The room was clean and comfortable, though a bit noisy.  The only real problem there was that even with the heat off and the window open it was impossible to keep the temperature at a reasonably cool level.  The real problem, though, was the service.  Beginning with check-in, extending through the breakfast buffet, the lobby bar and housekeeping, and ending with check-out *every*thing was incredibly slow.  In both bar & restaurant, the problem was not staffing level, but staff assignments.  There were a large number of ""suits"" busily supervising a very small number of actual workers.  And even the supervision…",Date of stay: December 2008,2.0
4466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An excellent base from which to see London,"I took my wife away overnight to London to see a show and stayed at the Kensington Hilton. It was really convenient as the Oxford Tube (bus) stopped right outside and collected us again the next day. Initially I was a little apprehensive as the hotel looks like a 1970s monstrosity, however, on entering I was pleasantly surprised. It became a really spacious, clean and welcoming hotel with excellent staff (especially Rashid the concierge who helped with bus routes and directions etc etc). Our room was an executive room (6035) which was really nice if a little small with tea/coffee making facilities, flatscreen TV with freeview, safe, internet connection, en-suite, mini bar etc etc. Ice making facility in corridor for the provided ice bucket (Hint - take own champagne). My wife…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
4467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Had a wonderful time,"Had a brilliant weekend with friends.  Hotel in a great location, good transport connections from this area to central London.  Lovely room with every facility - great choice at breakfast and enjoyed a very nice evening meal on the first night. Booked afternoon tea at the Ritz on the second night and it was absolutely gorgeous, would highly recommed it as a special treat.  Fantastic shopping centre just opened -  opposite the Hotel - amazing selection of shops.  All staff very helpful especially the consierge - oh and if anyone finds a silver diamond and pearl earring anywhere in the hotel - its mine !  Thanks.",Date of stay: December 2008,5.0
4468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Enough For Us,"We arrived early in the morning (about 9am) and was granted an early check in by the hotel receptionist.  Check in was a breeze and service was average.  We were given a room on the 1st floor facing the main road. Room size was reasonable for the price we paid in our opinion. Tea and coffee facilites together with some butter shortbread biscuits are provided FOC in the hotel room. Toiletries were also provided in the reasonably clean bathroom. Room heater took some time to heat up the room though. Basic tv channels including a thai channel and a (i'm guessing) Dubai channel was available.  Hotel was situated about 10 mins walk away from the tube. Along the way there were some cafes and a tesco which we bought our H2O from. Alternatively, the concierge told us that if we took a…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
4469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for sightseeing,"I've just returned from a weekend break with friends and found this hotel to be ideal for our needs. We arrived around 1pm and were in our rooms within 15 minutes of arriving. Our room (a twin overlooking the street) was spotless, if a little small, but we were only using it to sleep so size wasn't really an issue. The bathroom was quite spacious and there were complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer. The beds were really comfortable - I suffer from back problems and I slept like a baby in this one! Breakfast was included in the rate (which was booked through work so I got a really great deal) and was enough to keep us going all day. The staff were really friendly, especially the concierge who was most helpful with directions etc. It's close to the tube station and handy for…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
4470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay!,My 8 year old niece and I stayed at this hotel Nov 22-29. The room was clean and very comfortable. The staff was friendly and took the extra step with my niece. When we checked in the reception clerk spoke to my niece and made her feel welcome too since this was her first trip to London. They also were quick to answer any questions we had about the local area. It was  about a 10 minute walk to the tube station. There were a lot of shops and places to eat. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London and would stay here again. Good job!,Date of stay: November 2008,5.0
4471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!,"I have stayed in hundreds of hotels over the years all over the country mainly through work. This was possibly the worst I have ever stayed in. The rooms were well furnished and comfortable but very small. This was the only positive point! The a la carte menu on Friday night was just horrendous. We spoke to many people on the same night and they all thought exactly the same. The food was the worst I have ever experienced. It was buffet style for the main course. It was cold, dried out and tasteless! Absolutely disgusting! We hardly ate any of it. The breakfast the following morning was just as bad, luke warm at best and we had to wait 10 minutes for plates!! The service from the staff was dreadful too. I asked two people for a tea and coffee, waited 10 minutes and it had still…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
4472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"For 80 gbp it was quite good value for a double with breakfast, and breakfasts in Hilton are excellent. From outside it doesn't look so great, but rooms are nice and it's clean.",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
4473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,value for money if below 100 GBP/night,"If you get a special rate or some deal which allows you to book this hotel below 100 pounds/night, then go. If it's more expensive - choose another. The positive sides: spacious rooms, aqequate location (you can reach city center in 15-20 minutes), safe area, good breakfast. The negatives: dusty carpets, old furniture, mostly indian staff, which hardly speaks english. I felt myself very strange when trying to explain that I need semisweet wine, not dry. The waiter couldn't understand the word ""semisweet"" and kept asking me ""Sweets? You need some sweets, sir?"".  I'd recommend City Inn Westminster or any of Park Inns. They are of the same price but of a much higher quailty.",Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
4474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Value for money,Booked short break  under a secret deal and got 2 nights room only for 2 at this deluxe hotel for £138. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Room was adequate for a short break. Only disappointment was a twin room and no doubles available. However staff did offer an upgrade to an executive suite at £50 per night. If traveling by tube get off at Shepards Bush as its nearer than Holland Park. Close by is t he new WESTFIELD shopping complex which at night is magnificent.,Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
4475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Since my friend frequently indulges me perks from his Diamond status with Hilton, he guilted me into this crazy quick 4 night stay in London where we stayed at a different Hilton property each night to maintain his status.  O.K., he didn't really guilt me, I jumped at the chance, but 4 hotels in four nights?     This was a nice hotel in a residential section on the border of Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush.  It is a quick 5-8 minute walk from the Tube station and really quiet.    The rooms are small, but adequate.  The bedding was comfortable.    There is a nice gym with some weight machines, dumbells and several aerobic machines in the basement.    The concierge desk was quite helpful and arrangements were completed quickly.  The entire staff smiled and were quite friendly.   …",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
4476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Holland Park handy base,"The Hotel is in Holland Park, handy for the tube and a 15 minute walk to Kensington High Street.We arrived early and were able to check-in straight away. Room was small but comfortable - we were offered breakfast at £10 , rather than £19 .Had a drink in the bar and bit steep for a glass of champagne- £10 plus 10% service charge to put it on the tab.That aside , the staff were excellent , location excellent and very comfortable beds- see what people mean about doors banging but no big deal.Decent hotel.",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
4477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,I saw this hotel on Hotukdeals website and snapped it up for £60 BB for two adults. For those of you who know London Hotels that is a steal! Parked outside London and got the tube to Holland Park and booked in early..i would not reccomend parking at the hotel as the price is steep and you must pay the congestion charge also. I was checked in although no rooms were ready (as i expected) but i did check in my luggage for FREE with the Conc'. Returned after a fantastic day in Camden Town and Covent Garden to pick up our Key Card and retire for the night. Room was clean and 'compact' (the size expected from London Hotels) - modern decor and nice big LCD at the foot of the bed to watch MOTD on.....perfect. Nice hot shower in the morning and a big breakfast (mine was included in my…,Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great location,We stayed for 4 nights in a room overlooking the street at the front of the hotel. It was smaller in size compared to Australian hotels but large compared to other London hotels. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff were helpful and very busy with the huge number of guests. The location of the hotel is great with tourist buses leaving across the road from the hotel entrance - (hop on hop off buses). The tube station is an easy walk from the hotel passing lots of shops on the way. Breakfast was buffet style very busy and hard to find a seat.,Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
4479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Lovely lovely,"I was staying at this hotel for 1 night with my sister.  The hotel was well decorated, clean and with a welcoming atmosphere.  We got into our room an hour and a half before check in and had a lovely stay.  I would recomend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,pleasant 1 week stay,"we arrived at the hotel after an overnight flight and were able to check in to our room at 10:30 am.  the room was on the executive level, 6th floor, and very clean and comfortable.  our room was near the elevator so we did not notice the slamming door sounds as much as other reviewers.  and the elevator is very quiet!  since we are hilton diamond, we had access to the exec lounge for free breakfast, cocktails and snacks in the evening,  and coffee, water, sodas throughout the day.  the neighborhood is beautiful.  holland park is nearby with the kyoto gardens, lots of children and moms, and dog walkers - a very pleasant park.  between the hotel and the holland park tube station are some good neighborhood restaurants and shops.  bus stop is right outside - we loved sitting…",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,loved it,"Very nice hotel. We stayed there for eight nights in October 2008, and we have no complaints. Food was great, location was great--great public transportation near by, buses just outside, and the tube a five minute walk. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Before travelling I read some of the negative reviews--and I am very perplexed as to their nature. The rooms are fair size for London, and everything in the room worked just fine. Breakfast was great, huge selection. We had a dinner and breakfast package, and dinner is a nice selection of a three course meal-- I highly recommend it. You might hear at night people coming back into their rooms in the hallway--but it's very minor and the hotel is very quiet at night. In conclusion: don't let the negative reviews influence you,…",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"Stayed for 1 night at Kensington and found no problem at all. Arrived early morning and asked if I could leave my luggage while I went to conference and was able to check into my room. Room very clean and recently refurbished. Breakfast was excellent the next morning, plenty of choice and all fresh and very nice. Yes there was a bit of noise as people came back to their rooms in the evening but surely this is to be expected when staying in a London hotel!!",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
4483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Terrible Terrible,"TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE.... Hi..  Just did a 1 month tour of Southern Europe, then GB and Ireland, and at the end of the bus tour we were dumped in the Kensington Hilton!   It was part of the tour package, so it wasnt our choice...  all the places we stayed in during the tour were fine, they all had their ups and downs... BUT, but this place!!  it  looks lovely when you enter the foyer, and that is where the 'lovely' all ends...  small, dirty, discusting substandard accomodation, and breakfast provided was not edible.  We planned to meet English friends for breakfast one morning, but it was far too embarrasing to put them through it... so we eat out.  I could go on, but if this is enough to warn people about booking here, it's enough.  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE....",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
4484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hell At The Hilton Kensington,"I’ve never written a review in my life and have never had a reason to complain about services.  I generally have empathy for people working within the hospitality industry as it gets hectic and difficult at times, but my recent hotel stay at the Hilton Kensington has been the worst hotel experience I’ve ever had and need to express my frustrations in this review!  Staff:   The reception desk managers are incompetent, arrogant and wouldn’t know what the word customer service meant if it slapped them in the face. They’re NOT helpful at all! They do not make you feel welcomed or accommodated in any form.  It appears to be a strenuous and difficult task to provide any level of service, so they’ve chosen to stick with rude and inept!  I would have been fine if the hotel facilities…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
4485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"This is a very good hotel in a very expensive city. Room service is as you would expect from a Hilton property.  We have stayed here on a few occasions and would definitely stay again. There are 2 tube stations nearby, the closest being Shepherds Bush which is only the other side of the intersection. There's also a cinema and some restaurants locally too.  It's always one of the cheaper Hilton hotels in London, so if you can get an Advance Purchase rate you will not find a better hotel in London for the price.  Also I should mention that the management were very kind and accommodating to us when we couldn't travel due to a family bereavement. They comp'd us the 2 nights we had paid for on our next visit. Absolutely top class.",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
4486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"We had arranged to meet several friends at this hotel to celebrate my husbands birthday - everything was great, all rooms were good, a wonderful range of breakfast items and we also had dinner in the Restaurant - we had a table of 12 and the restaurant staff were wonderful - they explained the contents of the menu, (many hotels the waiting staff have no idea what they are serving) They brought out my husbands birthday cake and all the restaurant staff along with 4 chefs came to our table to sing happy birthday.  The staff certainly made our break very memorable. Will definately be staying here again.",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
4487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not For Me,"Had two separate stays here on business and sampled many rooms. I had asked for a quiet room, and to be brutally honest, I don't think there are any in this hotel.   Probably the loudest slamming doors ever along the seemingly endlessly long corridors.   Some rooms refurbished - some not, some rooms are absolutely tiny with the smallest shower facilities I've seen in a hotel.  Internet expensive (even in the lobby), good gym - no pool. Decent help yourself breakfast was included for me, but looked extremely expensive at nearly £20 if it was extra. You need to eat a lot of food for that.  Although it's the Kensington Hilton, it's right next to the Shepherds Bush roundabout. The whole area will have a very different feel about it from November when a massive Shopping Centre opens…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
4488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic holiday,"I stayed at the hotel a few weeks ago and thoroughly enjoyed the stay.  The room was spacious and the bed extremely comfortable.  The main restaurant is expensive but the food is well worth the price.  The only issue that we had was that the nearest tube station was closed for refurbishment, meaning that we had a 10-15 minute walk to the next station.  Obviously this is not the fault of the hotel but it would have been beneficial to have been informed of this when checking in.",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
4489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, but musty","We choose this hotel because it was the only Hilton we could afford....at $300 per night.  While it certainly doesn't compare to what you'd get for $300 in the U.S., it wasn't too bad.  The room was recently refurbished, so it was clean, but there was a musty smell about the place.  The worst part is the room doors aren't sound proof...they have a 1/2 inch gap between the door and floor, so anytime someone came or left, you could hear the door slam down the hall.",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
4490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Workable hotel, but you can do better","This hotel is located in a beautiful leafy neighborhood.  A bit inconvenient to the Tube... Central line station is about 1/2 mile away...   But it is a pleasant walk, and plenty of pubs and cafe on the way as needed.  My room was extremely small, like a train compartment.  Hard to turn around in the shower, etc.  It was clean and had all the necessary amenities, so the size wasn't actually a big issue for me.  Breakfast was an above average spread.  I had some trouble with the front desk staff...  Got back from work dinner late, and needed to make some travel arrangements for the next morning.  Paid for internet kiosk connection, but none of the terminals were working.  Front desk staff was quite surly about this... wouldn't let me use the concierge computer, for instance.  I…",Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
4491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Surprise!,"What a pleasant surprise. I've been to London several times for work and stayed a various 3 star or better hotels and I must say the Hilton Kensington is the nicest hotel I have stayed in London ever.  The hotel is exterior is bland but the interior is very contemporary, spacious, clean and inviting. I had a double bed room and it was quite spacious for London. The bed was extremely comfortable, the furnishing were new, nice flat screen tv and very clean. The Kensington (Holland Park) neighborhood is so beautiful. I felt perfectly safe walking around alone during day and night. There are loads of shops, cafes and restaurants around. A very quaint european feel neighborhood (obviously very wealthy area). The staff was very helpful also. I truly loved this hotel. I stayed at the…",Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
4492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton sort your act out,"When you arrive late to attend a meeting the next day with a colleague and have two seperate rooms booked you don't wish to hear ""you will have to share"". We had paid £200 per night each for two nights. The intolerant front desk managed to find a disabled room for my colleague and I think I got a converted hospital theatre room. My head hit the wall while sitting on the bed tying my shoe laces Good point was the bar chap who was very friendly and tought me how to swear in Hungarian. That sound you hear is my HHonours card going in the bin.",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
4493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A lovely time in London,"While traveling back to  the states I decided to take a three day tour of London and was very pleasantly surprised by the Kennsington Hilton and their staff.  Meals at the hotel were fine, the contenential breakfast in the morning was a great start.  I particularly enjoyed the modern decor complete with giant fishtanks that gave a calming International-Fen Shui effect to the environment.  In addition, the conceirge was delightful and extremely helpful in giving me advice as to getting the most out of my short stay.  Being close enough to the transit system, I was able to tour a variety of locations throughout the city.  As well, I  found it easy enough to attend an early evening showing of the play, Mama Mia, at the Prince of Wales Theater, followed by a light dinner at…",Date of stay: June 2004,4.0
4494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Delightful,"We just got back from a week at the Hilton Kensington and this place was everything we needed, at the best price.   After reading the reviews and forums here, I asked for a refurbished room. They may all be refurbished by now, but I think the request made them pay a little more attention. We got a third-floor room overlooking Holland Park Avenue (just above the flags out front) and the little Royal Crescent Park.   Holland Park tube stop was only a 6 minute walk when we rushed. By the end of the week (walking over most of London and Paris one day), we started catching the bus out front to the tube stop since we had the 7-day Oyster card, which covers both.  We skipped the high-priced breakfast downstairs and bought pastries the night before at the Tesco market near the Holland…",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
4495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"I’ve just come back from 3 nights stay with my husband and friend.  It was much better than I expected.  It is in a nice area not too far from Holland Park tube station. Check in was easy and quick, we had a room with a view of the road but our friend had a side room looking out onto a drain pipe!  The rooms we thought were OK, modern looking, clean with flat screen TV (our TV had a bit of a fussy picture but our friend’s TV had an worse picture) the bathroom is small, but functional – I think they could have cleaned the floor better but overall it did seem nice and clean.  Breakfast was good they provided Soya milk which is very helpful for my husband.  A few minutes after arriving in the room they came with complimentary apples.  They also have apples on reception during the…",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
4496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed,"We stayed in a standard room and were not impressed with the cost of breakfast or internet. 15 pounds per person for the continental breakfast which added up to $60 US for my husband and I. The internet cost for 30min is 8 pounds which equals $16 US. One of the elevators acted as if it was going to break at any moment. The hallways smelt moldy, and we could clearly see water damage on the carpet in the hallways. Our bathroom had a sour milk smell, and did not go away the whole week we were there. The Front Desk/Entrance decor is worn-out and unattractive. This hotel was obviously ripping off the tourists who stayed in a standard room and not an executive suite. Do not have a 4 star expectation if you come here.",Date of stay: June 2008,2.0
4497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Decent Hotel in London,"My husband and I stayed at the Hilton on 2 separate occasions while in London in May 2008.  The hotel is located in Kensington (about a 5-10 minute walk from the Holland Park Tube).  The area is very nice, safe, and quiet.  The hotel is clean and operates efficiently, but the rooms are very small.  During our first stay, we had a room on the 5th floor.  Our room had a safe which was large enough to hold my laptop.  When we returned to the HIlton for our second stay, we were given a room on the 3rd floor.  This room was very, very tiny - barely enough room to walk around the bed (I couldn't even roll my luggage to the other side of the room because it was so cramped).  The safe was also smaller and would not hold my laptop, so we asked to switch rooms.  Our luggage was…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
4498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great weekend at Chelsea Flower show,"Just had  weekend in Kensington Hilton. It was great value and the breakfasts were great,staff were helpful and very pleasant. The dinner was typical hotel fare but because it was included our expectations were not high any way.",None,4.0
4499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value,"Good clean rooms (bit on the small side- but that's London), friendly helpfull staff and great breakfasts all in a handy location for sightseeing of London",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
4500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Above average, pleasant, but not a home run","I'd give the Hilton Kensington a B-plus. The place didn't blow me away but it was well above adequate.  My room was comfortable, clean, and bright, though definitely on the small side. No view worth mentioning, but on the plus side, the room was quiet (not overlooking a street, no traffic). No security chain on the door. Water pressure of the shower was a joke, you'll get barely more than a trickle; if you have the time, take baths instead. The tub is high off the floor, I didn't have a problem with it but older / handicapped people might. Fluffy towels are provided, but no bathrobe. I'd forgotten my razor and the Hilton cheerfully provided one free of charge. The room is outfitted with a hair dryer, iron and board, minibar (you can't use it for your own beverages because it's…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
4501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"As each time, perfectstay","I've been to this hotel several times and, as usual, this Hilton is perfect. They've been through a programme of refurbishment (with 3million pounds!) and it was worth it. The rooms are clean and spacious, still offering free bottles of water (but not sure it's in every room since I'm Silver VIP in their HHonors programmes and they brought the bottles in the afternoon ...). The closest station, Shepherd's Bush (on the central line) is closed as they are re-building it, but if you come by the Eurostar, you can go to Shepherd's Bush Green (on the Hammersmith & city line, direct from St Pancras, 30 minutes) and if you turn left when coming out of the station, walk 5 minutes, you will come to a bus stop. Take the C1 which will cross the roundabout, get off just after it, walk…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
4502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Can not fault and stayed here many times - always impressed,"Have stayed here many times as I have never had reason to fault. Always plenty staff on reception and they all smile. Have been upgraded every time stay here and even once to a suite! Breakfast is lovely with many options and area large enough for amount of guests. Dinner a little expensive but very nice and so is the chinene restraunt that the hotel has in its premises. Lovely area too, you get a bus outside the hotel that takes you to Oxford Street and Piccasilly in about 20 minutes and the service is very regular, nice areas to go for walks around Holland Park and if you have time walk up to Holland Park as there is lovely shops and restaurants. Bar is very clean and staff always there to help. An amazing hotel close to central london but far away enough to enjoy a nice area…",Date of stay: January 2007,5.0
4503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great location, great staff","The hotel is located in a nice neighborhood out of the congestion of London.  The rooms are nicely appointed and very clean.  We are gold Hilton Honors members and were able to upgrade to  updated rooms on the executive level that were very nice.  The Executive Lounge  on the first floor offered a nice breakfast, as well as daily snacks and drinks.  All the staff we encountered were excellent from the doormen, front desk staff, waitstaff, concierge, and housekeeping. We enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel with many bus routes for easy access to London.  This is how we got around and found it to be very convenient.  The Holland Park tube is just a few blocks away, if needed.  There are some nice restaurants in the…",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
4504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,We'll go again,"Stayed 25th and 26th March at the Hilton Kensington - Its a bit of a hike from either of the nearest tube stations but there is work ongoing at the Shepherds Bush station which I think will be finished soon (and its about 50 yards away). But nil desperandum, the bus stop is across from the hotel and with an Oyster Card, trips are only 90p - and you see so much more! The hotel is really good, the concierges have so much local knowledge and the doorman I think is Chinese but, again, whatever you want to do, he has the answer. We stayed in the executive wing (deluxe rooms) - the rooms are fine and roomy and clean but it also gives you access to the exec lounge where you can get snacks and non-alcoholic drinks most  of the day and then alcoholic drinks from 6 to 8PM in the evening.…",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
4505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Location,I have stayed in many bad hotels during my earlier trips to London. This time I wanted to try something new. Hilton is a famous brand and has a high lowest standard. The Hilton Kensington doesn’t disappoint you. The lobby is wide and very elegant. The room was not a disappoint either. It seems to be refurbished and it is a very nice room. You have high speed internet access in the room via cable and wireless in the lobby.   The breakfast wa the best one I ever had. You don´t need to eat lunch after that! I also like the location. It is close to Sheppard’s Busch station and Holland Park tube station. Since I was travelling to Oxford I found it great that the Oxford buss stops right outside the hotel.   I will definitely stay here on my next trip.,Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
4506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value in a great area of London,"Stayed two nights in this hotel on business in March 2008. I was in an Executive room. The room as of a good quality standard and seemed to be recently renovated on the 7th floor. I was in the Executive lounge too and enjoyed the evening snacks and the a few drinks in the evening whilst watching the Champions League football on the flat screen TV's. There are also falt screen TVs in the main bar and lounge and there was a good atmosphere in the bar whilst the games were on.  Breakfast was in the Executive Lounge and this was of a good standard on the ground floor. Regulars to the hotel told me this was a recently renovated lounge and used to be on the top floor of the hotel.  The closest underground station was Holland Park, probably a 8-9 minute work from the hotel and this…",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
4507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Basic Hilton Excellent Breakfast!,"We stayed at this hotel for friday and saturday night in February, found the hotel easily from Holland Park tube station it is only 10min walk as Shepherds Bush tube is closed for a few months, the general area is very nice and safe.  The room was standard double nothing spectacular, it was quite small and the bed was small too, bathroom smaller than previous hiltons we've stayed in but the shower was good.    Breakfast was fantastic everything you could possibly want, very busy in the morning but the staff seem very organised so it runs smoothly.  well worth having included in your room rate as I think it is £19.99 each if booked separately which is quite expensive.",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
4508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty Location and huge breakfasts,"Hotel was easy to find, straight off at Holland Park tube station and was a 5 min walk to the hotel past bars, boutiques, deli's and restaurants ...a really nice area to explore. Arrived at the hotel on the Friday evening and received a warm welcome and free room upgrade as we had booked through LondonTown.com ...for 3 nights for 2 people was only £306 inc breakfast, wich compared to other sites was a total bargain for the hotel. Breakfast was very generous, plenty to choose from, polite staff and very clean and organised. Room was a good size for a london hotel, good quality sheets and fresh towels. Only negative point were that the maids weren't great at topping up the teas/coffees, and also left dirty glasses in the room which had been brought up the night before from the bar…",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
4509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty good generally,"Generally we liked the hotel. The good bits: -  In a nice area, about 10 mins walk from Holland Park tube station and only another 5-10 mins away from Notting Hill -  Refurbished room nice, albeit small. -  Staff generally pretty friendly and helpful.  The bad bits: -  Walls are paper thin. -  Restaurant for breakfast is somewhat claustrophobic - no natural light and packed in.  Apart from that, we thought it was fine, and excellent value for money.",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
4510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for BBC TV Centre,"As a Sliver Hilton Honors member I had hoped for an upgrade, but it was not to be. However, the 5th floor room that we were allocated was clean and at the back of the hotel, so pretty quiet.    The bathroom was very small, but clean and with a modern shower fitting.  Crabtree & Evelyn soap, shampoo, conditioner and shower gel, but no shower cap.    The room itself was on the small side - but that's expected in London, and had a flat screen tv, double bed, arm chair and mini bar.  There were 2 free bottles of mineral water, and a selection of coffee and teas (including herbal teas).     Breakfast was a buffet, fresh fruit, pastries, cheese and full english.  Quality was good and there were no queues.  Very good fresh orange juice.   Main consideration for us was proximity to the…",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
4511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Rooms were average, but good service","I stayed here during a training course for work. The room was pretty average - small with fairly sterile decor, but it did the job. Wasn't impressed with the cost of internet access though.   The service was good though - the staff were friendly and when asked to help they did, and not just pro-forma.   The walls were very thin too - I was woken up on at least one occasion by someone in the next room packing.",Date of stay: October 2007,3.0
4512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average Business Hotel,"This is a very average hotel. No doube this is below the normal Hilton standard. But for the price, its better than many London hotels I have stayed in.   The hotel location has good access to the central line underground. However, it is a 10min walk to station. I caught a bus from the front to the station most days.   The breakfast was amazing. But if your breakfast is not included in your room rate. It is a GBP19.99 per person charge. That is alot of money for breakfast!!!!! A traditional english breakfast from places outside the hotel would charge approx GDP5-6.   I was given a rennovated room. Not sure when they rennovated it, maybe in the late 90s? I was given a room that was facing the back of the hotel which was nice and quiet.   The bedroom was on a small side but was…",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
4513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Character-less,"A chain hotels sets your expectations at a certain level. For us it fullfilled the purpose: we just needed a nice place to stay. The room was very nice and clean but showed some effect of a long-term lack of cleaning, eventhough I think we had a refurbished rooms (as mentioned in a previous review). Another thing we didn't like was the noise which was a little much all during the night (thin walls, and from hallways). Strange enough in the lobby there was an advert for the executive floors, if you wanted calm and tranquility, which I found a bit strange if the 'normal' rooms aren't even up to a 'normal' standard.   But not wanting to complain to much, there were definitely good things. The room was indeed comfortable and the staff were very friendly and efficient. The experience…",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
4514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Book a room that has been refurbished!,"I booked the Hilton Kensington for a 1 night stay as I was attending a work party in town. The hotel's got a nice location near Holland Park, and outside the hotel looks OK too. Well, it's typical Hilton (never look very cool or trendy but you can spot the  same ""H"" sign everywhere in the world). The lobby area was OK, tidy and no complaints. I was upgraded to the Executive floor but my room was still very small and very old-fashioned (decor wise).  However, the hotel is undergoing a refurb as most of the floor was sealed away.  I'm assuming and hoping that the room decor will be updated and made modern.  I had a good stay, nothing to complain or rave about.  The rates at the hotel are quite good so after the refurb, I may return!  The breakfast they provide at the Executive…",Date of stay: January 2008,3.0
4515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small but clean,"If you like the Hilton chain, you will get what you expect, except the rooms are much smaller than in the US.  My extended family and I stayed here and enjoyed the recently renovated rooms, and small, clean bathrooms.  The restaurant is also decent, and there are nice areas to hang out with family.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2005,4.0
4516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great value, quiet neighborhood, tiny rooms","This hotel is located in the quiet residential area of Kensington (near Notting Hill).  There are numerous pubs, shops, and restaurants in the area.  It was sedate, but there was plenty to do.  Directly outside the hotel door is a stop for the numerous double-decker bus tours; tickets can be purchased at the consierge desk.  There is a tube station about 10-12 blocks away from the hotel.    The rooms are quite small, but normal by European standards.  We stayed in a ""regular"" Queen room and you could barerly walk between the edge of the bed and the wall.  The television was hung on the wall in that space, so watch your head!  The breakfast buffet was incredible and was included in our price. It included traditional English breakfast foods (sausage, beans, eggs, tomato, etc.),…",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
4517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not cold water,"My stay was tainted by my estate agent booking me in for February 28th instead of January 28th.    The hotel was full but they found me a room at £169 instead of the £115 I did have.  This room had to be a smoking room on a floor that was being refurbed.  My room had no cold water and so no flushing toilet, no cold water to clean teeth and so I had to have a boiling shower.  The room smelt of smoke and the air con did nothing apart from keep me awake we the slashing light on the control.  The clock was wrong on the radio.  Room service brought me white wine instead of red wine for dinner.",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
4518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Your average 'chain' hotel - but stay here purely for the location!,"This hotel is your average typical chain hotel - but I would recommend it as it is just completing a complete renovation so standards are higher than some you may stay in. Good quality beds / linen, bathroom / towels / toiletries and a good supply of tea / coffee in the room - as you would expect. Don't bother paying extra for a more expensive room (try requesting an upgrade if you are a HHonors card holder) because all you get is a bath robe and slippers! High points are the breakfasts and the bar - where service is quick and efficient and the standard of food and drinks is good (can't comment on the food served in the hotel restaurant). The hotel offers parking - underground car park run by NCP - so a bit pricey but your car is safe! Don't forget that this part of Holland Park…",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
4519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel and really nice staff.......,"Myself and my boyfriend stayed here over New Year's and we had a great time. We arrived from Ireland at around ten o clock in the morning, very tired and one of staff member who was really nice let us check in to our room which we were delighted about!  The room was a bit cramped but we didn't mind as we had a lot of sight-seeing to do and we didn't intend on spending too much time there. We ate in the restaurant on New Year's Eve and it was absolutely delicious, very pricey but well worth it.  The Tube station is just a five minute walk from the hotel and there is also a bus stop with a frequent service just across the road. Also Hyde Park is a 15 minute walk away and nearby to this is the Science Museum, which is just fantastic!  London is the place to be for New Year's!!",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
4520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Moldy bathroom,"I went to London for shopping for 3 days.  I chose this hotel as it's in Kensington and a Hilton.  The first 2 nights, my husband and I were on the 5th floor, renovated and clean, but the beds were too narrow.  So, for the third night, we asked for a room with a double bed.  We were given Room # 1078.  The walls and corners of the bath tub were covered with mold, the sink had black mold belt around it.  I closed the bathroom door, but couldn't opened it from inside.  The door looked like it had water damage.  I called out my husband, he opened it from outside.  I wondered what would have happened if I were alone!     I reported the bathroom condition at the front desk, was told the room was one of the best rooms on the floor.",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
4521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A good night's rest,"I visited London many times between 1960 and 1990 and stayed in mid-priced or budget accommodation fairly near the centre. Typically these so-called “hotels” were converted houses with rooms which were cramped, cheaply furnished and had limited en-suite bathrooms or perhaps only shared facilities.   Although they were usually clean and served an adequate hot breakfast, my main complaint was the amount of noise from street traffic and frequently from other guests, which meant that it was very difficult to get a good night’s sleep.  On this 5-day trip, since my wife was with me, we decided to treat ourselves to something a little better. I was shocked at how prices had risen since my last visit some years ago; even the “budget hotels” were surprisingly expensive. In the end we…",Date of stay: December 2007,5.0
4522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Do Not Stay At This Out Of The Way Boring Inefficient Hotel,"I am a Hilton Diamond member and have stayed ay many hiltons/conrads around the world. When we stayed here we saw a mouse running across the bar area, lack of fruit in a simple glass of Pimms, the right hand not knowing what the left hand was doing and a generally poor ill positioned second rate hotel. The excec upgrade rooms were like going to a low class bar and the upgrade was the difference between having a dirty wet table cloth on your table or a dry one. If you need to be staying on that side of town be somewhere else. Hilton as you would expect it this is not. Forget getting any decent food or for that matter a decent bottle of wine. Rooms are dated and hot with rubbish views. If the people before me have reviewed this as o.k then I can only presume that they have not…",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
4523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Satisfying Stay,"The other reviews  for this hotel are very accurate.   It is in an upscale neighbourhood between tube stops-- so it is not exactly in the ""hub"" of things, but if you want a nice hotel with good value for London, I think this is a good choice.   We had the package with breakfasts and one dinner included.  The breakfast room (also the dinner room) is very nicely done and both breakfast and dinner were very nice.   Staff were friendly and helpful.   We are walkers so we were able to walk to Kensington High street through Holland Park.  It is about a 25 minute walk, through a beautiful neighbourhood and park.  The rooms and bathrooms are nicely renovated.   There is a flat screen TV, comfy bed, nice clean modern bathroom.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
4524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Very good choice, good value for the money","We stayed at the Hilton Kensington the weekend from November 1-4, booked two double rooms via Londontown.com. I sent a mail to the hotel before, that we would be glad about early check-in and that we celebrate a birthday there.  Arriving at the hotel at 10.30 AM our original rooms were not ready, but we got two alternative rooms immediately. Check in staff was vewry friendly and efficient.  Location: The hotel is located on Holland Park Avenue, about 10 minutes walking distance from Holland Park District Line Station. Not really centrally, but 3 bus lines with direct city access stop right in front of the door. So we loved the location, a nice upscale living area, close to Portobello Road and Notting Hill, lots of nice shops and restaurants closeby.  Hotel: 60's style from the…",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
4525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Choice,"October 18, 2007 for five nights:    After a rather disappointing eight night stay at the KK Hotel George in May 2007, based in part on what I determined to be overly positive reviews, I vowed to give the Hilton London Kensington a chance upon returning to London.    The experience was very pleasing.  I don’t know if my stay was enhanced by my lowly status as a Hilton Honors Silver Member but the staff could not have been more accommodating.  Though I didn’t receive an immediate early check-in, after about an hour, I was provided a room that was ready with the provision I could change to my requested room after some rest.  This was a blessing.  No, this was a life-saver!  The double was perfect.  Flat screen TV, bathroom with tub/shower, chair, room to move about, nice size…",Date of stay: October 2007,5.0
4526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good experience, a little too far away!","We recently spent 2 nights pre-cruise at the Hilton, Kensington. We were able to get a group of 4 rooms on Priceline for $99 USD each per night!   Check in was just fine, no problems, room was small, not as small we we thought it MIGHT be, we had enough room for luggage (we had a LOT) and to move about. Room was clean, yes it is an older hotel, there is some wear & tear to be seen, but all in all, it was nice & clean.  We DID have washcloths provided! The one complaint I had is the 1 & only electrical outlet I could get to!!! You needed a power strip to be able to plug things in. The bathroom counter space was very small and the lighting a little dim, but we managed.  There was a safe in the room and the maid service was good.  We did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment on…",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
4527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Second time at this hotel,"For the second time this year, stayed at the Hilton Kensington.  Again found it to be fantastic, and in a great area of London.  Nice to get out of the hustle and bustle of London.  Staff were lovely at reception and in the restaurants.  The breakfasts are fabulous, every single thing you could ask for.  I love their porridge!! The number 94 bus right across the street takes you right into town, and Oxford Street.  I prefer the buses to the underground.",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
4528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Place to Stay!,"We spent 6 nights at the Hilton Kensington and were very happy with our stay.  We chose it based on value and the reviews we had read posted by others who had stayed there.  It is located in a really nice area not far from the Holland Park Tube Station with a bus stop just outside the hotel door. (Buses 31, 94, and 148 all stop there.) We purchased tickets from the hotel concierge for the Original London Tour (Hop On/Hop Off) for $38 each.  You can catch this tour right across the street from the hotel. If you book with Golden Tours, they will also pick you up at the hotel. We took the Windsor/Sonehenge /Bath Tour.(While they do pick you up at the hotel they DON'T return you - they will drop you off at some central point and you will have to find your own way back! The room was…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
4529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Appalling soundproofing,"We stayed two nights at this hotel on a deal and saw Ricky Gerais Live.The first night included dinner, which was fine, for what we paid.Rooms are small but adequate, comfy bed, nice flat screen tv.But on our second night,we had a group of tourists going in and out of their rooms, opposite and next door to us,for about two hours between eleven thirty and one thirty,the noise was from their doors slamming.I actually went into the corridor and complained and to be fair,they then shut their doors quietly.The doors to the rooms are self shutting fire doors,which if you dont shut ,bang.It sounds like the people are in your room.I mentioned this at reception and they said there is nothing we can do.I would not stay at this hotel again,purely because of noise from the corridors. This…",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
4530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Having used this hotel before, i was ungraded on arrival to an executive room, which was very large and clean with full use of the free bar. I also for the first time used the Sauna / Steam room which i was unaware of before, they should tell you this when you check in. It is a mixed use, on arrival in the sauna i was greeted by 2 young girls or were totally naked, I have to say I was shocked at first, but they started a conversation so i felt at ease, they informed me that it is a normal in this hotel as it is a mixed area and they have yet to see people wear costumes, and they actually asked me to remove mine. Overall a great hotel with very friendly staff and facilities.  ",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
4531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Stay at the Hilton Kensington,"We stayed here for 5 days during mid August.  We booked a  Disabled room and a twin room.  The disabled room was very small and faced the lift area with an unusual open wardrobe.    The shower is also very small if someone needs to use a wheelchair. This was on the 3rd floor. The other room turned out to be a King size bed which was a big improvement on the disabled room.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and we found the breakfast selection to be very good and plentiful, with weekend breakfast until 11.30.  We booked a deal with Dinner included for 2 nights and found the set menu slightly restricted, but it was good value for an extra £2 per night. It is definitely a good idea to book a Hilton Dinner Bed and Breakfast deal if you can.  The only other drawback was noise…",Date of stay: August 2007,4.0
4532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Small rooms","Very nice hotel with helpful staff.  Minutes from the Shephard's Bush tube stop was very nice for getting around.  Only complaint was the rooms were very tight, and breakfast was not that good for the price.  However, I definately recommend this hotel, it has a great staff and is easy to get around London from. ",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"kensington hilton  hotel, holland park","A great hotel!!  Staff was very helpful and polite.  Room was small, but I suppose they all are.  Very clean, the shower was the best ever.  The water pressure was terrific; I have never seen a hotel with such a great shower. The neighbor is wonderful.  Lots of great shops, pubs, grocery store.  Walking at  night was not a problem. We would definitely return. ",None,5.0
4534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Substandard Hilton,"We have just returned from a long weekend stay at the Hilton Kensington. Compared to other Hilton hotels I have stayed in, this is definitely not up to Hilton's usual high standards and as a result we wont be going back to this hotel again. First of all the rooms are no bigger than cruise ship cabins and the bath although it made us laugh was not even big enough for a child to comfortably have a bath, let alone an adult.  The beds were really uncomfortable and the air conditioning seemed to blow out hot air - in fact our family who we were staying woke up with flu like symptoms. The idea of our trip was to watch a rugby match at Twickenham and upon returning after the match, we were made to feel distinctly unwelcome at the hotel, as we were dressed in rugby tops. The hotel bar…",Date of stay: August 2007,2.0
4535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"The Kensington Hilton is in a great location in Holland Park.  It is an upscale  London Neighborhood instead of the braving the crowds in Central London.   The rooms are very small, but clean and very quiet.  You get your own kettle for tea, and they even give you cookies so you can enjoy a pick-me-up.  I found the concierge very helpful.  He recommended nearby pubs for food like the Crown (friendly service, good food) and the Miter a little further down the street (disorganized service, but there are tables outside where you can smoke).  The only negative about the hotel (if I can call it one) is the scary prices for food because of the week dollar.  Forty dollars for breakfast!  $7.50 for a cup of coffee!  I discovered a Tesco down the street where you can buy premade…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not Great but OK,"The roome I had was updated even though it was small. The common areas need a good update, and the concierge staff look like they haven't seen a shower in days.... Would also recommend dry cleaning their suits more often.   Rooms were clean quiet and air conditioning was adequate.... not sure it would have helped in a heat wave. Location is good and convenient. ",Date of stay: August 2007,3.0
4537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for a two night break,"Having used this hotel several years ago, we were aware of its location, just slightly outside the main hotel areas.  That for us was a bonus - there is a good bus service into the centre and the tube station is 5 minutes walk away and connects directly to Oxford Street and the theatre district.  We found a really good Chinese restaurant - the Singapore - just up the road with a selection of pubs nearby, with prices half those in the rip-off centre of London.     We had an good room overlooking the main road & there was very little sound due to the excellent double glazing and the substantial trees, which seemed to soak up the sound.    We found all the staff charming and pleasant, generally with a smile. Our room was smallish but very clean & the bed was quite comfy.  We had…",Date of stay: August 2007,5.0
4538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,my week in London,"I wanted to introduce my daughter to London and did not know what to expect from this hotel but was pleasantly surprised.  Beds were very comfy, room so quiet we overslept, and had a hair dryer and ironing board in the room.  It is convenient to the Holland park tube and any bus took us to the tube station with our daily pass.  The neighborhood seemed safe and food was just down the street if we needed it.  My complaint would be the cost of the ""extras""...we avoided the hotel restaurants because of price.  Internet was 3 pounds for 15 minutes or 5 pounds for 30 minutes!  It was cheaper to go to an internet cafe for one pound an hour.  We arrived at noon after no sleep at all on a flight from California and had to wait until 3 pm for our room.  Possibly an earlier check in time…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with Hilton,"Given that the US dollar is pitiful in the United Kingdom and wasn't willing to spend $250/night for a bed bug ridden hotel room, I went looking for an esteemed, established brand hotel in London that was close to Central London for many obvious reasons. I stumbled on a good rate (for London) on Hilton's website and booked it without hesitation given my outstanding success with Hilton in the past. I was extremely disappointed with this hotel, however.   Our room had a strong smell of stale smoke in it, half the bed was severely tilted so that when you laid on it, it felt as if you were going to fall off, our room was handicapped excessible which is fine except when your shower enclosure doesn't keep water in the shower like it's supposed to, some of the lights in the room didn't…",Date of stay: July 2007,2.0
4540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Decent Value,"With the exchange rate with the pound, Americans have to look for value.  This hotel fits the bill.  A place to stay that is not a dive.  The hotel is very average and the rooms are consistent with European standards, i.e., very, very small.  There is nothing about your room that is luxurious, but you did not pay for that luxury.  A place that I would describe as a decent business hotel. Something that I found revealing was that Thai Airway pilots and flight attendants use the hotel for overnight stays.  In my experience and observations, airlines book decent but not wonderful hotels.  I do disagree about claims that the hotel was centrally located.  The hotel area is off all the central London maps that I've seen.  That is not to say that the location is inconvenient.  By the…",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
4541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Value 4 Star,"Very pleasant modern hotel with nice rooms. You won't be disappointed there. Beware of the mini bar which automatically charges you even if you simply remove a bottle to take a look! I complained and the charges were waived immediately. But these devices are very un-English and should be banned. I really hate them.  Front facing rooms are cooler as they do not get the afternoon sun. However the AC is pretty good anyway.  If you are coming from Heathrow, you can take the Heathrow Express to Paddington. A taxi from there will cost you 10 pounds. The HotelLink bus service is also good. Avoid the tube if you have a heavy suitcase because you will need to change lines.   Overall, a positive experience. ",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK.... but that Loo,"Pros: Good facilities, great breakfast, perfect central London location - close proximity to a tube station and right opposite a bus stop. And fantastic concierge service - very well informed, courteous and competent.  Cons: Dirty toilet, even after we complained, and they 'cleaned' it, it was still an appalling state (see photo). Most cheaper B&B in London offer free/complimentary room internet access, Hilton disappoints on this + no wifi :-(. Could the bathrooms be any smaller? water spills over in a shower and there is no drainage! ",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
4543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Definately Recommended,"The Hilton @ Kensington ticked all the boxes when we looked for a middle priced hotel with a good location for the attractions of london.  Its a couple of hundred yards to the nearest tube station which made it really handy for getting around. The room was as expected. Good size, eqipped well and was clean and tidy. Booking in took a little longer than I would like but we obviously picked a busy time to arrive. Staff were friendly and helpful throughout the stay.  We  booked one of Hiltons 2 night ""deals"" which are very competitive.   I would recommend this hotel. Your stay should be comfy,  pleasant and hassle free. ",Date of stay: July 2005,4.0
4544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay on a budget,"Although we visited this hotel a year ago, I finally am getting around to posting a review. My wife and I stayed at this hotel during the last week of August, 2006.  This is a great little hotel in a very quiet area. All we needed was a quiet, clean and comfortable place to sleep as we were out and about all day, every day. Although the building itself is a bit old and non-descript on the outside, the interior was fully remodeled and modern. The room was quite large by European standards (see photos), and had a nice flat screen TV. The bathroom was solid... with great high quality soaps and shampoos.   The staff was quite attentive and the concierge very helpful. The only issues with the hotel itself came down to cost - and not of the room itself which was quite reasonable, but…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good price, excellent condition and handy location","We stayed here in two interconnecting rooms with the children in one and us in the other (50% off second room with Hilton!) and were visiting family nearby.  The hotel was in very good condition and thought the rooms looked newly refurbished and were very clean and in excellent condition.  I think we were at the back of the hotel though as we had a fetching view over a load of aircon pipes!    Communal parts of the hotel were in good condition, there is a gym but we didn't use it and no pool which is a shame.  The breakfast was the usual Hilton brilliant buffet breakfast with good choice, well cooked and plenty for everyone.  Staff were efficient and friendly.  When booking with the central reservations they advised that no roll-away beds were available but on check-in they did…",Date of stay: June 2007,4.0
4546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dont waste your money!,"This hotel was terrible. The staff were extremely unproffesional and unhelpful. I had been traveling all night and wanted to check in at 11 am, and i was told me Hilton customer service that i could do so because the hotel was not booked/busy. It wasnt until i got irrate with the front desk staff that checked me in early. I have hitlon honors membership and they were still rude and gave me no preferential treatment.   The rooms are really small and dont have a view of anything. the hotel is not located close to any landmarks. ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
4547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable nest,"We were looking for a hotel in London and the prices made us pause.  We settled on the Hilton Kensington as a compromise because it was affordable.  The location was in a semi-residential area but convenient to the Tube.  The accomodations were very comfortable and quiet.  Our room came with a small refridgerator which was convenient.  Breakfast was delicious.  All around pleasant and quite satisfactory stay.  BTW, it is located conveniently near a small supermarket which had sandwiches and fruit - a nice light dinner. ",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
4548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington - Nice facilities,"We booked the Hilton London Kensington through Expedia and stayed for 4 nights.. May 18th - May 21st.  I had asked Expedia for an early check in, but there was no response and when I called to ask about it, they didn't have any information.  When I arrived at 11 AM, the desk clerk was able to accommodate my request and was very gracious about it.  They checked me in with my Hilton Honors account, but I never saw any benefit that I know of.  The hotel is in a very residential area, but within a 10 minute walk of the Holland Park Tube Stop (out the door and turn right.).  There's a small supermarket which has the essentials - fruit, sandwiches, drinks and you're just minutes from a Starbucks.  Bus 94 runs from the hotel to Oxford Circus.  The rooms were small, but very clean and…",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
4549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good but not exceptional,"This was the first time I stayed in a Hilton hotel, and although it was a good experience it fell short of the high expectations and esteem I had for the Hilton chain. In all honesty, this hotel is not remarkable for anything: not for the area it is located in (on a busy through road in a residential area about 4 km from the center), not for the exterior of the building (an average though well-maintained plain brick facade), not for the rooms or the reception area or the service provided. It is all nice and good, but the same can be found in many 3 and 4 stars hotels throughout the city.  Rooms are smallish, and bathrooms even more so. Some of the rooms were recently refurbished, with more light colors, modern lighting, and a flat screen tv as the main benefits. I've seen a…",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
4550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very nice place to stay!!!,"My wife and I stayed here for a week in May and really enjoyed it.  Check-in was very fast and we were able to check in early, which was very nice considering the 8 hour flight.  I am a Gold VIP with Hilton and although an upgrade was not available, they gave us free breakfast every morning of our stay.  The concierge was also very knowledgeable and helpful.  Our room was newly renovated and was very comfortable.  The shower was a little small, but pretty normal for European standards.  The breakfast buffet every morning was very good!!!  A very nice assortment of food, from traditional English fare to waflles, pastries, fruit and made-to-order omelets.  We really enjoyed the walk from the hotel to the Holland Park tube stop, it is a very nice part of London with tree-lined…",Date of stay: May 2007,5.0
4551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"An excellent experience, don't listen to the negatives!","My stay at this hotel was a great experience from beginning to end. It is a walk from the nearest tube station, but a beautiful one at that. Primarily we walked past homes and shops. On the journey, there is a Starbucks, Tesco (grocery store), and a few restaurants. This helped us in our stay and made the walk enjoyable too.  Once we got to the hotel, there were no problems checking in. I found the desk staff to be pleasant and helpful, once we understood what each other was saying. The hotel has a travel desk that was helpful for us to get information from. In the main lobby, there is also a little shop that sells some souveniors and stamps, plus there were about 5 computers with access to the internet at an expensive price.   Once we got to the room, I was continually pleased.…",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
4552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great hotel, a little out of the way","The Hilton was a great hotel to stay at in London. It was far from the major sites, but transportation was easy. The bus stop is directly out side the front door of the hotel. The rooms are clean and staff was friendly. Bathrooms were average. Same type of hotel that you would expect in the US from the Hilton. There are not any places to eat outside of the hotel. There was one Indian and one Greek restaurtant but that was it. There is a grocery store 6-7 blocks away for drinks and snacks. The hotel does have a restaurant, but it is expensive and  not open late.  Overall, the was a great hotel for the price. Easy to get to and I would stay here again ",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
4553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A disappointing experience,"I stayed at this hotel, primarily for the price. Although the hotel was a bit out of the way in the Holland Park/Shepherd's Bush  residential area, the Shepherd's Bush  tube station was only a couple of blocks away and buses stop outside the hotel that go to the West End.   I found the room to be comfortable and clean but quite small and the toilet did not flush properly.  Overall, the accommodations and staff were not up to Hilton standards in the United States.  The initial room I was given had not even been cleaned-- the bed was unmade and cigarette butts filled the ashtray (I did not request a smoking room).    I was subsequently given another room; however I experienced a power failure.  When the staff was unable to resolve the problem within an hour and one-half or so (by…",Date of stay: April 2007,2.0
4554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,well...it was ok,"From outside it's very depressing! when I got there I thought ""oh gosh, I hope it's not this one!"". obviously, it was. Fortunately, when we got it, we found it pretty pleasant and modern. Check in was amazing, and here I want to thank Ian for being so friendly and helpful. We went to our room (executive) but when I got it...what a surprise! very small...exactly the same as other standard I went to in other hotels. That was a bit depressing, coz I was hoping in a very luxury week end away from Manchester with my boyfriend...but anyway, we were happy because the bed was very confy and we had a bath. The executive lounge was a bit upsetting. very small, with view on the roofs...mmmh...no alcoholic drinks on a saturday night! well#...we had a tea. But, at the end, it's worth a visit…",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
4555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"Wonderful hotel to stay for the price we paid. Great location. Buy the Oyster card and take bus #148 or #94 to get to the main places. Walk for 7-10 minutes and take the tube (train) at the Holland Park station. If you walk to restaurants, the prices are high and not great food but if you take the bus to Notting Hill (5 minutes) there are plenty of fast food restaurants and great food. I asked for a renovated room and one was given to me. I also asked to check in early and the room was ready at 10:00am which is pretty good. Starbucks is close by. The only thing I did not like was the construction going on around the hallways and I once was awaken by the construction. Will stay there again! ",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
4556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not wowed,"I am a Hilton Gold VIP HHonors member and had to stay here because all other Hilton hotels were booked up. I had stayed at the Hilton Paddington earlier in my trip, and so am comparing the Hilton Kensington to it, since the stays were just days apart. Overall, not quite up to par for a Hilton. If you are working near this hotel, then stay here, but, overall, it is not too convenient a location and far from the closest tube stop.  I had to check in very late due to a late flight and the front desk was nice, although they could not upgrade me. They offered breakfast vouchers instead (two vouchers for three people), but it didn't matter since only I ate breakfast, in the end.  The bedroom was small-ish and they had to roll in a cot (which we had pre-arranged). It arrived reasonably…",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
4557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"great hotel, lovely staff","stopped at the hilton kensington as our friend was running the marathon,  we booked the hotel where you great the meal on the first night, went to the restaurant was met by one of the friendly members of staff, who then showed us to our table, meal was fantastic and wine was quite good value for money at only 18.00 a bottle.  The wine in the bar is 7.45 a glass so buying a bottle is a lot cheaper.  The room was excellent but then we did get free upgrade being a hilton honors member, our friends room i must admit did look a bit tired and worn out, but it was clean and fresh.  Breakfast was excellent, with a huge choice of food.  The street on which the hotel was on was nice too with lots of nice little restaurants and bars for you to eat in, the castle pub was lovely and the…",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
4558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Bed! Very bed! Too bed!,"Staff is ""ok"", just ""ok""...The rest is ...Don't know how to describe! Do not go to stay at this hotel if you have any other chance. Gold HHonors member and stayed many Hilton's worlwide but this the worse. I have no idea what Hilton guys doing at their offices. They don't know, or they don't care what is going at this hotel? Room is so small, old furniture, noisy (from tubes, air conditioner, from the street, from the corridor, from everywhere)...Check-in was ok but than everything was unbelivable! I asked concierge to arrabge a cab for me to the airport, his friend came to pick me up! I asked concierge where is the nearest sushi rest, he said in Notting Hill, walking 10 mins, went there, took 25 mins, abd it is a take away place! No heating in the room, freezing in the night!…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
4559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely affordable Hilton in London,"This is always my first choice when in London as its affordable luxury (can normally get rooms for £60 - £90 a night) which for London is good. Bus stop outside that takes you to Oxford Street in about 15 minutes, could walk it in about an hour through holland park, nottinghill then bayswater. Stayed here about ten times and have never faulted the service you receive and neither has any friends and family who have also stayed here.   Beautiful hotel, lovely rooms and staff are brilliant and friendly. Good restaurant just up the  road, cant remember what its called but an americam theme and is good (brown windows and doors and near the tube) Lovely area and nice to walk around the hotel as it has amazing houses and parks close by (can walk through the actual prk to get to…",Date of stay: July 2006,5.0
4560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A detailed(ish) review of the Hilton London Kensington and surroundings,"Firstly about the location and getting to and from the hotel. Be sure to buy an oyster card as this is the cheapest way to travel in London and gives you access to bus and tube routes depending on which zones you need. The tourist zones are 1 and 2. You’ll probably never need to go out of these.  The nearest tube station to the Hilton London Kensington is Holland park tube station (central line), but  that is a good 15 minute stroll along Holland park avenue.  The tube was closed for the majority of my stay so I had to rely on busses and Notting Hill Gate tube. The area is safe and has plenty of shops so if you forget anything from home, you can find a Tesco Metro next to Holland Park tube station. Also, Busses to Piccadilly Circus (the 94) stop over the road from the hotel so…",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
4561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC TIME!,"I have just returned home after a two night break with my Husband and 8 year old son.  From the moment we checked in, to the time we left, we could not find fault with anything. The rooms are quite small,  especially with three in the room, but when in London there are so many more things to see and do than sit in your room! Although small, we find the rooms always exceptionally clean, and I am very fussy! The staff are particularly good - the restaurant staff (breakfast), the reception, the house keeping, the concierge and in the executive lounge. They are all very attentive and couldn't do enough for you. The breakfast is very good, as they are in most Hilton hotels. The location is in a very picturesque, safe neighbourhood but so near to the tube stations that your trip into…",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
4562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Will Definitely Return,"I stayed at this hotel for about three days and would definately stay there again.  My boyfriend and I were visiting London for the first time and this hotel suited our needs and wallets perfectly.   I have stayed in some so-called decent hotels and been disappointed in the past.  But this Hilton was clean and had all the amenities I wanted.  There are two bice restaurants in the lobby, one that is even open 24 hours.  While we were there, they were renovating, but we honestly barely noticed it.  Also, the staff were the most friendly people we encountered in London, and were very helpful.  From the moment we walked in, they made us feel comfortable.  My only caveat is that our standard room was on the small side.  It was especially hard to lug our bags into the door.  For two…",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
4563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Stay away from room service!,"We stayed here for 5 nights---a nice average Hilton Hotel, which was undergoing renovations.  The location is good and, while not in an area with much nightlife, was easily accessible by bus or tube.  However, the room service food was very poor!  My husband had a pizza which was similar to the lower end pizzas sold in the frozen food section of grocery stores.  Very poor quality.  Then he ordered a steak pie, which was so hard it couldn't be eaten plus the bottom was burned.  He asked room service to bring another one and received another pie in the same condition.  The waiter said that is how they're delivered to the hotel.  He had the waiter return that to the kitchen as well and asked that it be removed from the bill, which they did not do.  We had to ask the hotel…",Date of stay: March 2007,3.0
4564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,An average Hilton,"I arrived late, check-in was quick. The room was on the 1st floor and luckily on the back (the front street is really busy). The room size is standard for London, the bed was quite good, the bathroom very small. Chair and carpet weren't that clean (something I would accept in a cheap motel, not at a Hilton) and the walls and bathroom should be refreshed. BTW, if you are 1m90+ don't try to shower, your head would hit the roof.  Haven't checked out their breakfast, there's a Paul and Starbucks a good 5 minutes walk from the hotel (next to Holland Park tube station). ",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
4565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Neighborhood- Standard Hilton,"We just returned from a three night stay in London and found that this Hilton more than met our needs. The room was a very decent size (although the a/c didn't work too well) and everything was clean. It really met all Hilton standards. Great neighborhood on the other hand- close to Notting Hill, five min to the metro stop... we found the staff to be friendly and the overall stay was great. With all the hotel options in London, this is a very safe bet. ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
4566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"Stayed here over New Year 2006/07...  Accommodation pretty standard; breakfast OK (though exceptionally long queues on a Saturday morning)...very average in general (nice to have an ice machine on each floor though).  Hotel is expensive for what it is...if you have a car (which we had) the introduction of the congestion charge would put you off paying it and staying here.  Tip If you've a car, the hotel carpark is extortionately expensive..park across the road in Royal Crescent (no charge after early evening or from Saturday afternoon- Sunday) ",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
4567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,"Terrible hotel. Unfriendly, unhelpful staff. Dirty rooms (someone's old sock in mine, coke cans and newspapers on floor of my colleagues room).  Would not stay here again if at all possible. ",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
4568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value,"We just returned from staying at the London Hilton Kensington. The room was large for European standards. We were on a floor that was being remodeled. Construction was ongoing during our entire stay, but it was absolutely no problem. They worked quickly, and they never bothered us at all. Our room hadn't been remodeled yet, and it was still in fine shape, so I can only imagine how it would be to be in one with fresh paint, wallpaper, and carpeting. The concierge was helpful. The lounges and the restaurant were busy and nice. The front desk was helpful as well. Overall, we had absolutely no complaints and the price was excellent. As far as its location, we travelled to the touristy sites daily, and found this area to be convenient, as it was near the Holland Park tube stop and…",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
4569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,small but acceptable,My husband and I stayed at this hotel while we were having a long weekend in London for a friend's wedding.  Our flight arrived early in the morning and we wanted to rest for the wedding later in the evening.  We explained this to the staff and were able to get a very early check in time.    The room itself was fine.  Everything was new and clean and very modern.  The bed was very comfortable as far as hotel beds go.  The bathroom was small but the shower did have plenty of water pressure.   The shower stall was very small (no bathtub) and really tall or really obese people might have a difficult time.  The room was also really small and a little hard to get around if two people are trying to dress at the same time.   There are renovations going in the hotel so there is some…,Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
4570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price,"Only stayed for 1 night prior to being picked up for a tour. I had just arrived from a long flight and was really tired, I arrived about midday and they would not check me in early which is fine they have to stick to the 3pm rule until I heard the person checking in beside me ask the same thing and their request granted. I should have made a scene to get my way but I didn't so not sure how successful I would have been.  The room I had was tiny there was nowhere to put the suitcase not sure if others in the hotel were larger. The room was basically as big as the bed with no room to get around the bed. Bathroom was extra tiny.   The room was clean with modern decor.  Very spacious lobby & restaurant. Only had breakfast there and it was OK nothing too flash but perfectly adequate. …",Date of stay: February 2007,2.0
4571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Acceptable but could do better,"I arrived early after a flight from Cairo at about 11am and due to the hotel being fully booked the evening before, even as a hilton honors member was not able to get a room until about 1:30. Bad luck here. The staff at the front desk was very attentive and did their best to accommodate me. Finally I was given a room. It was small but very clean with a plasma tv and appeared refurbished. I proceeded to sleep for a couple of hours. Upon waking I went to make a coffee and have a cigarette and found there wasn't an ashtray. I phoned and requested one to be sent up and was told it was a non-smoking room though my res was clearily for a smoking room and I had discussed it at the front desk. I was immediately given a new room.   The new room was much larger and had a full-size bathtub…",Date of stay: February 2007,3.0
4572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, a bit far out","Hotel was nice. about 20 mins from city center but the bus stops just outside the door which is fine. The tube line was out of service this weekend when I was there so i had to get the bus into town. the hotel is very close to Notting Hill, about 5 minute walk. Got a taxi to the airport which cost just under £40, good price and very fast.  Room was small but refurbished. Bed was very comfy and shower was great. Hairdryer in the room wwas the best I have ever found in a hotel. Tea coffee and buscuits were nice for a snack. Room service was prompt and food was hot, a bit pricy tho.  drinks in the room are expensive  Internet access is expensive £3 for 15 mins.......  I would say this hotel is 3* def not 4* ",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
4573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Comfy bed, crappy location","Got this place on priceline for the low, low price of $200 USD per night...what a rip off....priceline quotes this place as a four star...definately overrated....it's a three star at best.  The room I booked was renovated and that in itself was quite nice.  The bed was comfy and the sheets and pillows made for a nice sleep.  If you request a 'renovated room', which you should, be aware that if they stick you on the third floor (which they did for me) they are currently renovating that floor - so it can be noisy.  The hotel itself seemed depressing, almost deserted and the moment you enter the lobby from the outside you're hit with a bizarre smell...not a bad smell, just *weird*.  If you're arriving from the underground via Heathrow, have fun navigating the route - a nightmare. …",Date of stay: February 2007,3.0
4574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I've ever stayed at,"If you are looking for a hotel that lives up to the name of Kensington, DONT stay here. though, the bed was good, it was bad all alround. The service staff is terrible and don't speak English very well. After a long haul flight, I had to wait 15 minutes before I could check in. It seemed that the staff didn't know to call for extra assistance when a queue was starting to form. The HHonors line was way long, and the front desk clerk didn't have the customer service skill to help those that were waiting the longest, but immediately helped three younger ladies that wander into the queue.  I mean, was he BLIND to those loyal HHonors customers that were waiting longer?  My internet connection, for whatever reason was working, and I called down to the staff and they said they would…",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
4575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Definitely not as horrible as they say...,"I got this for $80 on Priceline, October 12-15, 2006.  I'm not sure what was going on at the time besides Diwali, but almost all hotels except the priciest ones were completely booked, so I had to settle for this area.  I was afraid of being too far from everything since this was my first trip to London, and I wanted to see the touristy stuff.  However, it wasn't too bad at all.  It was easy to find from the Holland Park tube stop, and I didn't even have to look at my map (go right when you exit, and it's a little way down and across the street).  The street has lots of nice shops, bakeries, restaurants, etc., so I was happy to find it was a pleasant area.  At some point during the stay, they closed the tube stops closest to the hotel, but the bus that picks up right outside the…",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
4576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,So not worth the visit,Myself and my friend decided to have  long weekend break...when we arrived everything seemed fine... however the service went down hill...after a day out our room  we returned at 7 room wasnt serviced so we waited hopeing next day we would get a service ...a lady knocked and gave us towels and walked away we tried to explain we were on our way our it was half 10 but she  said no problem but we returned agin that day and we serviced our own room.... next day wasnt cleaned either.. we asked for towels and were handed them and we went and bought our own t-bags and milk...our room was across from a laundry room where linen and trolleys and bags  were kept so every day and  night it constantly banged with porters bringing bags and housekeeping going back and forth so we coulnt rest…,Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
4577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and good for transport,"If you want to avoid the high costs of central London equivalents, this is a good choice. You can get some great rates here and it's still easy to get onto London's main tourist trail by tube, Queensway station's just a few minutes walk away. OK, it's not Hilton's best hotel but my room was clean, comfortable and well-equipped, although a little on the small side. Reception can often feel like a bordel but I got a great greeting at the front desk and had nothing but good service from any of the staff. However, plan on eating out (although not at the Indian restaurant across the road) as the food's not the best value for money. ",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
4578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton Ken,"I stayed for 5 nights in January for a conference. I had previously emailed the hotel and asked for a refurbished room, as I knew some had been done and some hadn't. I had a room on the 4th floor, which was pleasant, immaculately clean and very comfortable. Bathroom was small but typical of a central London hotel. Drinks in the bar were hideously expensive. Good places to eat in the vicinity.  Tip - try and get a room on the 4th/5th/6th floor as these seem to have been refurbished.  Would stay again, but not if I was picking up the bar bill! ",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
4579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK but we won't be staying again,"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night and paid £80 through the hotels website.  The room was small, it was clean but was looking a little tired round the edges.  Our bathroom was tiny, there was not a full size bath,  no shower curtain and a rusty shower curtain pole. We did mention to reception that we had a missing shower curtain and it was fitted within 30 minutes.  The bar area was very smoky and the drinks were very overpriced (£15.00 for a g&t and a jd & coke).  We had an evening meal in the restaurant and this was good.  If we were coming up to London again for the weekend, we wouldn't stay here again - we have stayed in much better hotels that were not that much more money. ",None,2.0
4580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel we have ever stayed in,"One of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at. We were there for a conference that was going on close to the hotel. Although the reception area was nice, our room was very shabby. Our first evening we were meeting people for drinks in the lobby, I had forgotten my gloves and popped back into our room only to hear a funny sound coming from the bathroom. Upon entering discovered water literally pouring from the ceiling tiles above onto the bathroom floor! If I would not have gone back then, we would have come back to a fully saturated bedroom! Also, the drinks in the bar were astronomically priced. For 6 doubles (which were not doubles) we paid over $77 pounds.! Ordered room service for lunch the next day & had to return the meal..it was cold and tasted as if it came out of a…",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
4581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,"Good value for London, a bit far from the theather area but with 2 subways near by. ( Sheperds Bush and Holland Park).  -We booked through the hotel website 3 months in advance and we got a 60 pound rate, very good for London.  -Rooms are larger than normal for Europe. ( We even had a side table). ( Ask for de refurbished rooms). -Ok bathroom with bathtobe. -Ok mini bar. -TV, with ""on command"". -Very expensive Breakfast. 18 pounds. -Dont take a cab form central london 25 pounds at night. ",Date of stay: December 2006,4.0
4582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,No care in the world!,"Nice location, reception decorated nicely. Other than that, terrible! Overcharged- the price we were told by reception was wrong (admitted it) but still charged the higher as ""Dat is die price"". Workmen in the room next door started drilling at & AM- not good when you have been out late the night before, and when complaining- told ""We ARE doing works yes. Sorry!"" No attempt to placate us at all! Very rude staff in the Restaurant- (You have NOT paid for breakfast) - again, a mistake of the receptionist from the night before. I would NEVER stay in this hotel again- wrote a letter of complaint, to recieve an apology and ""Free Breakfast on yoiur next stay"". Considering I had just paid nearly £300 for a terrible experience, I think it's safe to say Ill never be claiming it! ",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
4583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A Very Pleasant Stay!!!!,"The Hilton Kensington was one of four hotels I stayed in during a recent trip and I was very happy with that choice (made unwittingly by Priceline).  I had a modern, refurbished king-bedded room on the 5th floor (which I had to request) which was very simply but pleasantly decorated. The amenities in the room were basic but more than enough. Little touches like shortbread biscuits restocked each day were a nice touch. The room was well-maintained each day and the staff I encountered were very friendly and helpful. A mistaken charge to the automated minibar was immediately removed. I also enjoyed the flatscreen TV.  My room had a rather grim view westward towards Shepherd's Bush and some other buildings, but it was kind of immaterial.  The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Shepherd's…",Date of stay: November 2006,5.0
4584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,The Tops!,"I recently spent ten nights at the Kensington Hilton and had a wonderful time.  My room was located on the 5th floor and was absolutely perfect.  The entire staff, from management to check-in to housekeeping were polite, professional and very helpful.  I can't imagine how someone could feel otherwise.  The hotel is located in a very nice area of London and is fairly close to two underground stations.  I personally felt that the Holland Park station was a nicer walk...maybe 10 minutes at most.  Very nice Starbucks near the tube stop for that NEEDED morning jolt! DO NOT, however, make the mistake (as I did) of using the phone in your room.  5 relatively short calls to the States cost me nearly $250.  Not the hotel's fault...I should have known better. This hotel is GREAT and I…",Date of stay: November 2006,5.0
4585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed!!!,"My stay at the Hilton Kensington was not what I would expect from  Hilton. The staff was unhelpful and to get a wake up call it took at least 15 rings before the front desk would pick up the phone. I had also left my luggage there for a few days while I took a short trip to Scottland only to return and find the zipper on my suite case had been tampered with and it took 30 mins just to get it open myself. Not at all the condition I had left it in. Luckily I had taken all my valuables with me! They also charge you a ""charity donation fee"" without asking or explaining which ""charity"" this goes to.  The room was ok, but really small. ",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
4586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","I booked this hotel through Hotwire and was pleasantly surprised. This was my first trip to London. The hotel is in a beautiful, mostly residential neighborhood close to central London. The homes and parks that surround the hotel are gorgeous. I felt very safe there, even walking around at night. There are plenty of shops, cafes and restaurants close by and the Holland Park tube stop is a few blocks away. I recommend The Castle, a cool pub/bar on the way to the tube stop, as well as Mr. Pumpernink's, a pizza by the slice place. There is also a Tesco Express where you can get prepared foods, fruit, yogurt, croissants, beer, etc if you don't want to spend money on restaurants, which are super expensive (for Americans, anyway, because of the exchange rate). There are two buses that…",Date of stay: November 2006,5.0
4587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good experience!,"I emailed the reservation staff prior to arriving to request adjoining rooms as we have 3 small children and also to request the bed types and non-smoking rooms. The email exchanges were very pleasant and professional.   We missed our morning flight and had to take an overnight flight. I called the front desk to let them know that we will be arriving early morning the next day instead and to make sure they keep the rooms for us until check out time so we can shower and get a few hours of sleep. The staff was very courteous and even offered a late check out of 2pm instead of 12noon. When we got there, we were told that we had 3 rooms instead of 2. As it turned out, the 2 rooms which were adjoined were:  1 room with living area/flat screen tv/bathroom/fridge and the other room was…",Date of stay: October 2006,5.0
4588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Extemely Disappointing,"After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I was a little worried but went ahead with it anyway.  I wish I hadn't, it was a horrible start to a wonderful holiday.  I've never experienced staff as rude and unaccommodating at a hotel before in my life.  We requested an early check in as we arrived from Australia at 5am and this was ""granted"", when we got there we were informed there was nothing they could do but we had to wait until 3pm, then they laughed about it.  The hotel room was very old and needed attention, my husband was too tall to shower standing up in the bathroom.  I would definitely not recommend this hotel, I just wished I'd listened to the others. ",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
4589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better late than never - Hotel rooms need facelift,"A group of us traveled to London and stayed at this well worn hotel. There are good points to this hotel, as well as negative. The good: location. The hotel has access to close public transportation - walking is also a lovely option and the dining area is remodeled. The negative: Although the dining area has had a face lift, our hotel room was very old and in desperate need of attention. It was very dismal. Also, we were there in July - right in the middle of a nasty heatwave - and there is no air conditioning (and from what I hear, typical of London). Hilton should spend some resources to make  the views from the rooms more palatable - we overlooked an industrial site - or so it seemed. I am not sure I'd stay here again - I'd rather find a more updated hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2004,2.0
4590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,A bit disappointing,"Overall I found the the Hilton London Kensington a bit disappointing.   The room was tiny for a 4 star hotel, even for London standards, though in general in good condition. However it was January when I stayed here and the room was pretty hot. The only way to get the temperature in the room down to an acceptable level was to keep the window open at all times, which was possible since the room was on the backside of the hotel and not towards the busy street infront. Other facilities were quite limited. The lobby and bar area were pretty hectic and felt more like a busy railway station.  The location of the Hilton though is quite good within walking distance of two underground stations, unfortunately both on the same line, bringing you quite conveniently into central London and…",Date of stay: January 2006,2.0
4591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Comfy beds,"Fantastic hotel, booked a couple of rooms in the executive floor which were just the right size. Our rooms were next to each other which was really good.   The holland park tube station is about a 10 min walk and doest take long to get into the centre of London or there is a bus stop outside. We took the bus along to the Hard Rock Cafe and was £1.50 (exact change only) and dropped us off at the corner so quite handy.   They have net access downstairs (if you dont have a laptop) which costs £5 for 30 mins, if you need to print anything check with reception that there printer is working before you try printing. (this is handy for printing boarding passes for the plane)  If you do get a room at the front of the hotel, beaware that the traffic outside can get noisy police sirens etc…",Date of stay: October 2006,5.0
4592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Absoloutely Fabulous,Just came back from London.  We stayed at the Hilton Kensington and were completely satisfied.  The newly renovated rooms are amazing.  The beds are sooooo comfortable.  We actually stayed at this hotel two separate times.  The first time for three days and the second time for two days.  We had a rental car and were able to park underground.  Although it is under the hotel it is not owned by the hotel.  You do get a discount if you get the front desk to stamp your parking receipt.  Area is fantastic - close to the Shepherd Bush tube station or the Holland Park tube station.  If you use the Holland Park tube station there is a Tesco Express (mini grocery store) just when you come out so it is handy for when you are going back to the hotel to pick up a few things.  The only thing…,Date of stay: September 2006,5.0
4593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty good,"Cant understand how anyone could call this hotel ""terrible"". I was very satisfied with it for my three night stay. It's about a three and a half star which I got on Priceline for a two star price so I am very happy with it. Nice location with an excellent bus service. Bar a bit quiet and bathroom small but very clean and tidy. ",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
4594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good for a one night visit,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for one night at the end of August.  The booking was made at the very last minute through and I paid £63 for the room.  The hotel is at the far western end of Kensington and is pratically in Shepherds Bush, but at least this way Shepherds Bush tube station was only a five minute walk away!  The hotel reception is very contemporary and we received a nice welcome despite the fact that we arrived a little worse for wear at 1.30am!  The bar man cheerfully made our nightcaps before heading up to the room.  The room itself was rather disappointing as the decor is not up to the same standard as reception and is definitely on the small side; but for the rate I paid I wasn't complaining!  Refurbishment of the rooms is apparently under way so maybe the…",Date of stay: August 2006,3.0
4595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not a good choice at all,"My mother and i stayed here for two nights in September.  Not a good first impression as on checking in after requesting an early check in we were told our room wasn't ready at midday.  We had also requested a low floor as my mother is claustrophobic and will not use lifts and this was not granted also.  We were told ""its only a request not guaranteed""  We finally were given a room on the 1st floor but the hotel doesn't have stairs and I had to go up in the lift and go down the fire escape to let my mother in from outside the hotel all through the stay !!!!.  The room itself was tiny...our confirmation described a 19m sq room, in reality it was nowhere near that.  the room was very very shabby and tired and did not live up to my expectations.  At dinner on the 1st night I found…",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
4596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Loved the Kensington Hilton,Just returned from 4 nights at the Kensington Hilton.  We got a great advance purchase deal for 65 pounds and it was just great.  Even though our room wasn't ready upon arrival at 3pm - the staff were very friendly and apologetic.  We had to wait for 45 mins.   Hotel is ideally situated in Holland Park (2 bus stops from the Tube Station - 1 bus stop from Shepherds Bush).  Great rooms on 4th floor - recently renovated rooms which I made sure I asked for having read previous reviews - a double and twin with adjoining doors as requested.   Couldn't believe our luck.   Even though its on a busy road its away from the buzz of the city centre and a beautiful residential area.  The girls spent their days trying to spot celebrities ....   Not a single complaint about the room except to…,Date of stay: September 2006,5.0
4597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Nothing to mention - it's just a hotel,"Never had any problems at this hotel - bar a fire alarm at 3:30am, but that's not the hotel's fault - but there's never been anything special, either.  Arriving at the hotel, there's a nice lobby area with a doorman who's always happy to get a taxi. Repeated stays has seen the same service time and time again. Check in is normally a lengthy affair, although the staff are attentive and communicative. It just seems like there's never quite enough of them.  The rooms are standard multinational affairs, with little flair but efficient enough. Somewhat on the small side, there's nothing to really complain about. However, the shower is fantastic - constant temperature and very powerful!  The restaurant is a similar story - fine for what it is, but nothing to excite you, although the…",Date of stay: October 2004,3.0
4598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable stay,"I booked a two night stay in an executive room over the bank holiday using my Tesco Clubcard Deals vouchers.  I was expecting to be treated as a slightly less worthy customer, but on the contrary, as our room wasn't ready when we arrived the receptionist gave us a larger than average room, with complimentary mineral water, newspaper etc.  The hotel was quite far out from the usual sights but was convenient for the Notting Hill Carnival which was on that weekend.  The tube stations are about a ten minute walk away but the bus stop is over the road.  The executive room was great, it had views over London and was very comfortable.  The only bad thing I can say is that the wall covering in the small bathroom was badly stained. The benefits of having an executive room were also being…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK Hotel in an OK location,"The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood and quite a ways from the historical attractions.  There is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel, which is very convenient.  But the nearest tube stop is a 10-15 minute walk away.  There is a market (Tesco) next to the tube stop, so that was a plus.  The staff was very helpful, however the rooms were unbelieveably small (but then again...it is London where space is at a premium!).  It was reasonably clean.  Try to get a room that doesn't face the street, otherwise the noise from the traffic would be annoying. ",Date of stay: May 2005,3.0
4600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent for the price!,"We won this hotel via Priceline for $67 USD per night.  Excellent price!  However, the reviews scared me quite a bit!  I was expecting a pit!  What a shock to arrive at this hotel.  Not too asthetically pleasing from the outside, but very nice on the inside.  The lobby is very modern, and so is the new cafe.  The concierge was very helpful in helping us navigate through the city for museums, monuments and shopping.  However, not very helpful in advising us the hip restos and bars.  Do you research before you go if you want to go to a few trendy spots!  The room was better than expected, small but nicely renovated.  ****VERY IMPORTANT:  Be sure to ask for a new renovated room at reception.***  Half the rooms aren't renovated...make sure you get a good one!   The bathrooms were…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
4601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,"I have just returned from a business trip to London.  I travel to London approximately once a year.  I chose the Kensington Hilton due to its proximity to where I needed to be each day for meetings.  The room was clean and I am no longer suprprised by the small rooms and high prices in London, including 15 pounds per day for an internet connection at this hotel.    The problems with the Kensington Hilton are with the management and upkeep of the property.  This was probably a nice hotel 20 years ago.  The towel rack was disconnecting from the bathroom wall and was hanging on for dear life which may be why I was never provided with bath towels during my four-night stay.  The check-in/check-out stations are not universal so you can only check out at certain computers; however,…",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
4602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, okay hotel","My sister and I stayed at this Hilton in mid June for 3 nights. We got this hotel on Priceline at $68/night (plus tax and fee), which was a great deal. Overall I think it is an okay hotel for the money. However, I have stayed at several Hilton hotels in the US and Japan, and in my opinion this Hilton does not seem to keep up with the Hilton standards.    I arrived at the hotel around 11am (my sister arrived late at night) and was told that our room was not ready. The receptionist said that a twin room would be arranged for us by 3pm. The room arranged for us at 3pm was however a room with one double bed, which is on the 1st floor. The room, I guess, must be one of the tiniest rooms in the hotel and its condition was horrible; the carpet was dirty and incomplete bed-making…",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
4603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton for a long time.,"We stayed here as a late thursday night theatre stopover as part of husbands birthday weekend and after reading reviews here was worried about what to expect. But from check in to check out couldn't have asked for better service. Definately made up , a little, for some of the problems caused by a Hilton stay elsewhere this year. Used HH points for first time and expected to get the poorer end of the draw as it vas a points stay but got Executive Floor, nice clean room, no outlook but didn't matter this time, quiet with good breakfast and fruit and coffee in Executive lounge.Everyone helpful. Will use again. Thank you London.  Do beware if you are parking that Hotel attached car park has raised its prices from those on website and if you don't need your car outside the door then…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
4604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable Business Hotel in Charming Neighborhood,"I've stayed twice at the Hilton Kensington (which is actually in Holland Park) in the past month and have generally enjoyed it.  All the problems I encountered occured at checkin, but after some consultation with a manager were always resolved.  Both stays were in refurbished rooms, one large on the American pattern and the other a typical London ""single"", i.e., a double-bedded room in a small space.  However, for a business hotel, I never felt cramped.  The new decor is simple, but pleasant.  The hotel is clean and the food, generally good.  Staff try to accommodate the customer and were able to meet all my requests (none rock-star outlandish).  As is typical of London hotels, the price for breakfast is abusive.  There are a number of cafes in the area where you can have a…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
4605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Quiet, clean rooms","This hotel was fine.  Normal sized rooms, by Euro standards.  Breakfast needs some variety.  Same thing everyday.  Our view was of the roof top--not so great.  I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
4606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great for 3 adults and 3 boys,"We stayed here with 3 teenage boys. We had one adult in one room, 2 adults in another and the 3 boys sharing a third room. They gave us 3 double rooms all next to each other which was great. The rooms and bathrooms were spacious by London standards and the air conditioning was a wonderful relief from the heat. We stayed 4 nights. The only complaint was that the 3rd bed didn't arrive until late in the night (after midnight ) and when we checked in at 1pm they assured us it would be ready. After calling several times and then appearing in registration in my PJs at 12:30am it finally arrived!!! The next day another single bed arrived in the room with the single adult!)  We paid 74GBP per night for each room not including taxes.That was the rate we almost paid for a 2 star hotel so…",Date of stay: June 2006,4.0
4607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Check your bill carefully,"I stayed at this hotel from 6/11/06 to 6/17/06. Overall it's ok. The air conditioner in the room wasn't cooling the room enough during first couple days when the temperature is in the 80's and very humid. But the most troubling thing is that when I received my final bill on the day I checked out, I found out that the hotel were charging me some items from the mini-bar in the room that I didn't consume. They did remove the charges when I confronted the clerk, but I felt that I shouldn't have to do that. I don't believe it was just a mistake because the hotel did the same to my sister staying in another room. So please check your bill carefully and make sure the items listed are indeed that you have consumed. I do have to say that the staff are friendly comparing to my stay in…",None,2.0
4608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Make sure to get a room on the 4th floor!,"My husband and I arrived at the hotel late at night and were given the only remaining room, a smoking room on the 3rd floor.  It turns out that the smoking part was the least of its problems!  The bathroom (shower only, no tub) was deplorable; there was dust/dirt/mold caked on the side of the minibar and on one of the air/light vents; the hallway outside was dingy and worn.  An absolute disgrace!  On the plus side,  the bed was comfy.  The next morning we were moved to the 4th floor, the only floor which has been renovated (although they appear to be doing renovations on other floors currently), and our room was quite nice, up to what I consider to be Hilton standards.  If I were sure I'd be on this floor again, I would not hesitate to stay in the hotel.  Otherwise, I would look…",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
4609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,OK but go for Exec Rooms option if on Business,"Ho hum another Hilton. It's okay. A notch down from the Hilton Olympia up the road but which was unavailable (fully booked).  Good points : great range of support services, clean. Bad points : very small rooms (standard), one of those dreadful baths that are 3 feet long. Bed a bit lumpy, noisy aircon.  Helpful concierge booked us two 'luxury' cars to ferry clients off to dinner - however - 5 year old cronky Mercs, will ring my own next time.  Just a liittle more effort with the Bar would be welcome. Brightly lit cafe type area devoid of atmosphere.  In hindsight I wish I'd splashed the extra 20 or 30 quid and gone for the Executive Rooms which seem much much better and also give you an all-day lounge option. They're on the top floors so also away from the external noise which is…",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
4610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Perfectly adequate,"I only stayed here for 2 days by myself, and didn't spend much time at the hotel itself.  I found it more than adequate for my purposes.  The hotel did nothing grievously wrong.  I had a (very) small room which was clean and neat, and appeared to be recently refurbished.  If there had been 2 of us, it would have been a bit tight on space.  On the plus side, the bathroom had plenty of counter space, in strange  contrast to the main room, where there wasn't even space to put my suitcase anywhere but on the floor.  The location is quite handy with two tube stations within easy walk: Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush.  The latter is the closer of the two, but the walk to/from Holland Park is far more pleasant and interesting.  Not very far from the hotel is the wonderful Holland Park…",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
4611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"My husband and I just stayed two nights at the Hilton London Kensington and found it to be perfect for what we needed while in London.  As mentioned in other posts, it is within easy walking distance to the Holland Park tube station and the #148 bus stops right outside the door. It is a quick cab ride from Paddington Station (approx 8 pounds).   If you wish to do some sightseeing, the Original London Sightseeing Tour bus (which is a great on-off tour) picks you up right across the street.  The hotel is in a great neighborhood with some good cafes and shops as well as being quite close to Kensington Palace and the attached park.  The rooms are small in US standards but usual for London and very comfortable.  The breakfast buffet (which you should try to get as part of a package)…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
4612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,American Complaints,"I booked this hotel and then read the reviews. After reading them I was scared that I had booked at a flea pit with angry staff that did'nt speak english.  I was surpirsed to find that the hotel was perfectly fine. It was clean and comfortable with friendly staff and good service. I live in North America and travel quite a bit. This hotel is as good as any Westin / Starwood or other Hilton hotel in North America. Yes, the rooms are smaller and there are less TV channels but this is Europe.  A lot of the complaints on Trip Advisor are from US travellers. If my fellow Americans are that concerned about hotels  being different from the hotels back home then they should stay home where they know that they will be in familiar surrounding served by people who look, sound and  think…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
4613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel in a Leafy Avenue,"We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel.  We were given a recently refurbished room on the 4th floor and found it to be very clean and comfortable (if a little small).  The staff were friendly - be it Reception, Concierge, Bar area or Restaurant.  We booked through the Hilton Website on a ""Spring Saver"" offer, which included dinner on the 1st and 3rd nights of our stay.  The dinner was based on the Table d'hote menu and was lovely.  The wine etc is expensive, but it is London!!  again we found the same with the bar - £3.75 a pint and £5.95 for a gin & tonic + £1.00 for a mixer!!!!!!!!  however, this seemed to be the prices all over this area.  The breakfast was buffet style and had EVERYTHING! if you can't find something you like here, then you're just too fussy.…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
4614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You can do better,"The hotel is cheap for London but you'll make up for it in travel costs as it is not near anything (except Notting Hill - the other way is a bad neighborhood as we were told by the concierge).  The staff was very nice - that I can say.  Otherwise this was the worst Hilton I've ever been in.  The hallways smelled very musty and the carpet was worn and stained.  The rooms also smelled badly - the bathroom of mildew and urine.  There were stains on the carpet, walls and lampshade.  The AC/heater was ineffectual and the room was quite warm.  The room is very very small - but I was expecting that.  We stayed at another Hilton in Edinburgh this trip and it was stunning and lovely.  Last trip to London we stayed at the Hilton near Harrod's and that was also very nice with none of the…",Date of stay: April 2006,2.0
4615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Needs a new manager,"I find it sad that a hotel, which clearly could be so much better, is allowed to exist in this state.   On the bad side, you have to wait for everything and it can take fifteen minutes just to check in, the food is bland, expensive and pretty basic, the rooms are small, dark (more so if you don't face the front), the lobby area needs a good clean (as does the bar) and often have blown light bulbs and everything is more expensive than it needs to be.   On the good side it is far enough away from central London not to be in a crowded area, but near enough for things to be accessible, it is on coach routes to places like Oxford so day trips are easy, and the staff do try their hardest to do a good job. ",Date of stay: September 2005,2.0
4616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Average - Just!,"The room that we were initially given was dark, tiny and with no windows, but came with a 'balcony' according to the staff. The balcony doors were permanently locked due to health and safety reasons and it was filthy anyway. We asked to change and did get a much better room but my overall impression is that all the rooms are in urgent need of essential updating, which may in fact be happening, as the foyer has obviously been updated. Definitely not great for a Hilton in Kensington although I have seen worse. ",None,2.0
4617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible service,"Out of the 3 people staying here, we all had problems.  1. I was assigned to a room that had not been made up, after already having trouble getting a no smoking room, even though I had reserved one.  Turns out there were plenty availble, but the person checking me in was either too lazy ot incompetent to figure it out. 2. My friend bought a bottle of water in the shop close by. The same brand in the mini bar, but a 10th of the price.  They tried to charge her for it even though the mini bar one was still there. 3. Another collegue was delayed and was going to arrive after midnight. He rang to ask them to hold his room - they said no problem.  When he arrived all rooms were taken and he ended up sleeping something close to a janitors closet - it didn't even have a bathroom!! …",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
4618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay indeed,"This was my first time staying in the Hilton Kensington, and was very pleasantly surprised indeed.  I arrived several hours earlier than planned, and went to the executive lounge to see if there was a room available. There wasn't at that time, but I was invited to sit down and have some breakfast.   Being a small lounge, the range of food wasn't quite as good as other executive longes, but I greatly enjoyed it.  My room was excellent, spotless and very nice.  I particularly enjoyed the evening snacks and wine in the lounge; the food quality was first class, and as the rain had stopped I could sit on the balcony.  This was a one night stay, and I will be most definitely returning! ",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
4619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","Stayed at this hotel recently on a London stopover and what a lovely surprise.  Great location right near Holland Park, High Street Kensington (great shops!), Notting Hill and Oxford Street (more great shops!).  It really was a great stay with helpful, friendly staff especially the concierge whom helped plan our sightseeing.  They have a new restaurant too which is a cut above normal hotel restaurants and cool decor.  The rooms were well appointments and all the facilties for a great stay.  We had a nice view over the Royal Crescent gardens too which really was a treat. Would highly recommend this hotel if you are after a great value for money property which is close to everything you could need in London. ",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Expected more from a Hilton hotel,"I expected better quality from a Hilton hotel: The bathroom was not clean and had a really strong smell of bleach, The room was constantly cold, Room service was very slow and I had a blown light bulb in my room that despite several reports to the hotel staff was not changed.  I would never stay at this hotel again!! ",None,1.0
4621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Would recomend!,"I booked the Hilton Kensington at the last minute and must say I was a little wary of what to expect after reading some of the reviews left on here. However, I found the hotel to be 'quite a find': situated in a quiet area a few minutes walk away from Holland Park station, a tube ride away from the centre and the hotel room itself was very clean, spacious and above average for a twin room in london for the price paid.  I hope to return to the Hilton Kesington very soon! ",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great on a budget,"Although I have seen many complaints about this hotel on TripAdvisor, I thought it was a fantastic hotel if you are on a budget.  I booked it for $80 a night on Priceline and stayed here with a friend from April 2 to April 7, 2006.  We had a 2nd floor twin room that was typically small but not oppressively so.  Our room looked onto a side street and we slept with the window open and never found it too noisy.  Our floor was pretty quiet as well.  I would agree with the earlier post about the showers; if you are over 5'4 - good luck!  The bus stop is truly right across the street and the Holland Park tube is only 10 minutes away.  There is a Starbucks and a Tesco Express (supermarket) right next to the tube.  There are also a couple of restaurants and a pub on the way to the tube…",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Awful, Awful Property","I am a Diamond VIP with the Hilton Honors Program. I have stayed at many Hilton properties both domestic and Internationally. This property ranks at the very bottom especially when it comes to service, courtesy, and amenities.  I was at the property from March 17 through 21, 2006. When I checked in, I presented a voucher for 3 free nights and paid for 1 night. When I wanted to check out from my room using the video checkout the previous night - this feature was not functional. I decided to go downstairs (twice) to inform the folks that they had charged me for 4 nights instead of 1 night. I gave up after waiting 20+ minutes in line. On the day of departure, I pointed to the folks at the desk that they had overcharged me including charging me for drinks that I did not use from the…",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
4624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Be prepared to Wait for Everything,"Be prepared to wait at spend at 30 minutes every single time you need anything from the front of house. Only 2 occasstions did I not have to wait in againt queue - and on those occassions the computer was down and they asked me to come back later when there was a giant queue again, or in the other case I was sent to my room 2 times in a row with room keys that did not work.  I left 2 days into my 4 day reservation and moved to a different hotel out of sheer fustration. ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
4625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Deliberate overbooking,"I booked a double room through amex centurion.  Arriving at reception there was a queue snaking around the lobby for check in. As a gold card ""member"" I was directed to check in on the excecutive floor.  Another queue to check in - and NO ROOM. The hotel was overbooked!!  So an hour wasted - of messing around, waiting and queuing so Hilton can make it's 100% occupancy target. No offer to help book another hotel - NOTHING. There was one girl on check in - with a queue of waiting guests, she had been left on her own - presumably while management hid elsewhere.  LAST TIME EVER in a Hilton. They've got too many customers so I'm helping them out by never again being one again. I suggest others do the same. ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
4626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great deal, but not a great hotel","Pros:  This was a great bargain.  I didn't find the location inconvenient at all.  The rooms were also nice, I didn't think they were small at all. We were able to check in at 11:30 instead of 3:00.  Cons:  Breakfast was overpriced and wasn't very good.  Neither was the service.  If they weren't out of orange juice, they were out of glasses.  Every time I found something I liked, they wouldn't have it in the same flavor the next day.  We had dinner at the restaurant and the service was awful!  My fiance also barely ate a bite of his food.  Maid service was horrible at first.  The maid either took or threw out my contact lens case not once, but twice!  The manager had it replaced the first time, when she took the replacement as well, I believe he had her replaced also.  This was…",Date of stay: March 2006,3.0
4627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Really, really good!","I got a very good deal with priceline and had this hotel for 40 pounds/night!!! We stayed 3 nights and we realy liked it! Except for the fact that it should be called Holland Park Hilton or Sheperd's Bush Hilton, this is an ideal location in London, in a beautifull avenue and very nice neighbourhood. There are 2 tube stops nearby and a bus stop in front of the hotel, with buses to oxford circus every 5 minutes from 7 to 24! Our room was 2042, a standard double room,    with a rear view, with very comfortable bed and pillows. The bathroom is very small but cozy, but the bathtub ceiling is very low. We are very tall people so it was a bit inconvenient, but the water pressure and all the fixtures were great. I really recomend it!",None,5.0
4628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,"My wife and I stayed at the Kensington Hilton from 2 to 5 March 2006 and we were very happy with our stay. Despite other users' comments about the location of the hotel, I would still say that there is nothing wrong with the location, as long as you don't expect to be staying in the city centre of London. In fact I thought it was an extremely nice neighborhood and it is a wonderful 5 minute walk to the Holland Park tube station. There are also a couple of very nice pubs on the way, should you feel tempted when coming home after a long day in the city centre... We knew that the restaurant was undergoing renovation works and therefore breakfast was served in a Japanese restaurant inside the hotel which was no problem at all, except that there was a bit of a crowd in the weekend.…",Date of stay: March 2006,4.0
4629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"We just returned from 9 days in London at this hotel.   My  husband is a Hilton Gold  member, and we were given an upgraded room.  We found it to be a really good hotel, especially for the price.  We paid 63 pounds per night.  As gold members, we could use the executive lounge.  They have a really nice continental breakfast with eggs, cheese, yogurt, rolls, toast, and choice of juices and coffee/tea.  The other great thing is evening cocktail hour with hot hors d'ouevres and free wine and cocktails!  We actually had this for our dinner on a few nights since we were tired from a day out in London.  I had read the negative comments about the hotel and was prepared for the worst.  Well, it was really very nice.  The room was small but just fine.  I guess my only complaint would be…",Date of stay: February 2006,5.0
4630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,I am a Hilton Gold VIP not a good service,This is a copy of the letter i sent to the help i did not like the customer service  1.I called the hotel and asked where the nearest tube station was. I was then told that it was high street Kensington which was wrong I then had to pay for yet another tube ticket to get me to shepherds bush.  2.I put some chocolate in the mini bar as it was melting.   when I got back the  mini bar was locked I was staying in room 4028 I reported this  to the front desk  at 9pm  and  was told  that the system said that the minibar  was unlocked but would not let me access it . I woke up and the mini bar was still not fixed.  I went down to the front desk and was told that someone would come and look at it.  .I is still waiting for the person to come and look at it.  And I am Still waiting for…,Date of stay: February 2005,1.0
4631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Great Value ,Large Rooms nice Hotel","Just got back from 2 nights at the Kensington Hilton I bought this through Priceline for $68 a great buy worth a lot more. I knew where this hotel was situated so it was not a problem there is a bus stop outside and across the road that will take you to Notting Hill or Oxford St.5 min walk to Holland Park tube which is the Central line. There are some very expensive restaurants in Holland Park  and a Burger (Tooties) Place. If you want to be in a quite location then this is OK but if your looking for the hustle and bustle immediately outside then NO. You have Sherperds Bush 5 mins to your left or Holland Park on your right everything else is a (small) bus a tube ride away. The hotel was pretty grand for a $68 London hotel .Great front staff,rooms were a real good size compared…",Date of stay: February 2006,5.0
4632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty awful,"The first thing is that this hotel is a long way from the fashionable shopping area of Kensington. It's actually in a not particularly attractive area of Holland Park. I have to say it was a long way down the list of places myself and my partner have stayed in. The foyer area was dark and uninviting and the first room we were given was on one of the upper floors and obviously hadn't been used for a while. There was a bloodstain on the carpet and a cracked tile in the bathroom. We asked for another room which was OK, but nothing special. Breakfast in the morning was quite an experience. We were directed down to the bowels of the hotel where a long queue was forming (outside of the breakfast room itself!) just to get in. I understand this was a temporary arrangement while the main…",None,1.0
4633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,a faceless hotel,I stayed at the London Kensington Hilton for only one night. i had to stay at this hotel as it was part of a package i bought with an Eric Clapton concert in the Royal Albert Hall. This is a hotel with no character at all! The rooms are old and with problems and the bathrooms too. There is nothing in particular to mention about this hotel as it is the meaning of an average hotel! Far from the city center with not good facilities and a not polite staff. Maybe because our stay there it was a package. Anyway when i return to London i will try to avoid this hotel. There are better hotels in the town  closer to the center and in very good prices. ,Date of stay: May 2004,3.0
4634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful service......,I stayed at this hotel from the 30th of December to the 2nd of January with my elderly parents . I'd originally  found a  very favourable rate using an internet company which included a twin guest room  with a foldaway bed and breakfast. On checking in I was told I had been given a complimentary room for no extra charge. The rooms and bathrooms were pristine and in good condition. The beds were extremely comfortable and temperature control units were provided in each room. Breakfasts were an absolute treat-a huge selection of food to suit all tastes ! The staff were friendly and attentive but not over-bearing. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family.Buses (94 and 148) pass frequently to stops just outside the hotel and travelling between to…,None,4.0
4635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Kensington Hilton a great choice,"We just returned from seven days in London, spending four of the nights at the Kensington Hilton on Holland Park Ave.  We had been warned that it was out of town and out of the way.  Not true!  We had a bus stop directly across the street from us and a tube stop only blocks away.  The room was spacious by European standards, with two restaurants to choose from.  Concierge desk was helpful as was the front desk.  We did switch to the Hilton Mews for one of our last nights in London--a mistake!  Tiny room, old  facility.  One might call it cozy, to us it was cramped.  It is located right off of Park Lane, but offered no real advantage to us.  We should have stayed in Kensington.  Next time we'll know.  We would recommend the Kensington Hilton. ",None,4.0
4636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,3 days in London,"I just returned home from a vacation to Europe that include a 3 night stay at the Hilton Kensington. Based on the quality of the room and the price I paid through priceline ($75 US), I was more than satisified with my stay. The room was clean, updated and modern. The staff was very helpful (a much needed corkscrew was delivered in under a minute!) and the workout facilities were top notch. I would wind down the cold days with a break in the steam and sauna rooms.  Overall, a great experience for the price. Located in a quiet residential neighborhood with access to authentic pubs and restaurants, and close to Holland and Hyde parks. You can take the #94 and #148 buses to nearly every major tourist attraction. ",Date of stay: November 2005,4.0
4637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,You Get What You Pay For,"We stayed at the Hilton in Kensington just before Christmas to do a spot of Christmas shopping.  The location of the hotel is good, a short walk from the tube or the bus stops right outside the hotel and runs 24 hours.  Its a good base for seeing London but the journey into the city can get a bit tedious if you are doing it a lot.  The hotel itself is a bit tired.  Having said that we only paid 64 pounds per night and for what we paid we had no complaints.  The concerige were very helpful and breakfast was good.  The rest of the staff we just ok.  We did have cause for complaint on one occassion and the duty manager was fantastic.  Sent a bottle of wine to the room by was of apology.  Tip - Ask for a room on the 5 floor or above as these have been refubished. ",Date of stay: November 2005,3.0
4638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic break -  highly reccomended,"We booked this hotel and then checked the reviews on other sites.... I have to say I was rather worried... but it was booked.  The hotel is 8 mins. walk from Holland park tube (or get the 94 or 148) bus which drops off right outside When we arrived the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.  Our room was small (what do you expect from London) but clean and very comfy (best nights sleep I have had in a hotel) the food was fantastic, breakfast set us up for the day...  I certainly intend to go back to London in February with my children and I will not bother checking any other hotels... ",Date of stay: November 2005,5.0
4639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pretty good deal for the price,"Booked this hotel online (for 89 GBP), where I had stayed my first time in London 12 years ago, so I knew what we were getting into.  I was neither disappointed nor pleasantly surprised.  Even though I'm a Hilton Honors member, we were not given a refurbished room, but we found the rather smallish twin-bedded room adequate and comfortable for our 5-day stay. Next time, I will be a bit more assertive and ask for an upgraded room. I like this place because it's in a very nice neighborhood; walking on the street at midnight did not make me uncomfortable at all.  The tube stop is less than a 10-minute walk and takes you past several ""necessity"" retail shops like a small supermarket, a deli, pharmacy, camera shop and several nice restaurants.  Front desk staff was exceptionally…",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
4640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Experience,"Located in a nice residential area, this hotel was a pleasant surprise.  We stayed for 8 days and had a newly renovated room-very comfortable although a little cramped.  There was a bus stop directly at the door and we felt very comfortable walking everywhere at night.  All in all an excellent experience. ",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
4641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awesome Value For US$70!,"We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in the beginning of Oct. We got the deal through Priceline. For US$70, we have absolutely no complains.   the hotel looks dated but our room was clean, the double bed was comfy, and  the front desk staff were friendly, and the Concierge staff were extremely helpful. The hotel is 8 mins walk away from the Holland Park tube station. There's not much around the hotel except for a Tesco (supermarket) 10 mins walk away. ",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
4642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"I cannot comment on value because we stayed here using points.  Our five day stay started off shaky since the room we were given was obviously for a single with no luggage; we could not move except by going over the bed.  We were given a new room the next day which was more than adequate. The staff was always friendly and courteous, especially the concierge.   The location is ideal for anybody who is touring; with a bus stop outside to take you to a tube stop which is only aboidut a seven - ten minute walk at the most but appreciated after a long day of touring on your own.  We did not eat at the restaurant but it looked appealing. We did eat at the ""bar"" area and the staff was agaion helpful and courteous.  There are a number of restaurants on the way to the tube stop so we…",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
4643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"After reading all of the bad reviews on this hotel I was very nervous about my stay in September.  I enrolled in the Hilton Honors Club one week before we went and sent an email to the hotel with my club number.  When my husband and I arrived they already had my Hilton Honors club number and put us on the executive floor (7).  This entitled us to the continental breakfast, evening drinks (wine, beer, mixed drinks, water, juice and cokes) and snacks in their executive lounge.  This came in very handy because I had booked on their website and prepaid at a very good price which didn't include breakfast. The room we had was very large compared to our room in Paris.  We didn't have a great view but since we didn't spend much time in the room we didn't care.  We also had several…",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
4644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Overall Nice Stay,"Stayed 1 night in August. REad reviews before I booked and asked for refurbished room. Overall very nice although £15 for Wifi in room is a bit excessive. Restaurant was good. Overall very good.  PLease be aware that if you have baggage its a fair walk from either Shepherds Bush tube or Holland Park, so take a cab. ",Date of stay: August 2005,4.0
4645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,unsatisfactory,"The price of the room, around $200 was the only thing to recommend for this hotel. The rooms were small, one minuscule closet that could barely accomodate 2 suites.The bath room was cramped with a high tub, if you  are taller than 6' you may need to stoop. The carpeting was stained inside and outside the room, the walls were dingy . There was no safe in the room, a big inconvenience for me. The TV had a grainy image and you can easily hear the toilets flushing in the adjacent rooms.  The breakfast buffet was costly for its limited selection and mediocre quality. ",Date of stay: September 2005,2.0
4646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Good value hotel, a little away from a tube, but a short bus ride to High Street Ken. ",Date of stay: August 2005,3.0
4647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Will be great when the reno is complete,"My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 6 nights in July.  Our first impression on walking in was that the hotel was very nice.  The main floor has a the AM/PM Lounge, a larger restaurant and a small tuck shop.  There is also a door for direct access into an Asian restaurant.    We arrived early in the day, having flown in from Toronto and were so pleased to learn that we could have a room right away.  Unfortunately, the first room we had was awful.   The furnishings were worn and dated and the bathroom had seen better times - the shower also had a ridiculously low ceiling and my husband had to keep his neck bent to shower!   We lay down for a much needed nap and then the drilling started - right above us.  It appears that they are renovating 1-2 entire floors and…",Date of stay: July 2005,4.0
4648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Awful Hotel - leave well alone!!,This hotel is not really in Kensington at all - even the taxi drivers agreed with me on that point - it is very misleading of Hilton Hotels to call it Kensington - it cost me £20 each way to get to The Strand by Taxi!!  I booked an exec room with access to the exec lounge - on arrival I was told it was closed due to a fire at least a month ago!! Nobody had mentioned that when I booked the room - no mention on the web site  The rooms were horrible - they were supposed to be newly refurbished and executive but they were very very small - smaller than even a cabin on some ships!  They were not what I would have called refurbished!  I changed room three times but they were all the same tiny rooms  The worse thing about the hotel is that it is undergoing major refurbishment which it…,Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
4649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Not really in Kensington,"I read several good reviews before booking this through Priceline.  However, we were disappointed upon arrival.  Had to stand in line for some time for check-in at 11:00 p.m.  When arrived at my room, it was next to the elevator and a single.  Had to go back downstairs and stand in line to get the double room we had reserved.  Rooms are very small and very worn.  I am not sure why they consider this the Kensington location.  Getting from Harrods to the hotel cost 15 pounds.  Internet connection did not work in the room and, although they did send a service guy, he could not fix it.  All that said, I would have been pretty upset if we had paid normal prices, but luckily we got it for $110/night on Priceline.",Date of stay: July 2005,2.0
4650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Tiny and very noisy 'executive' room!,Being a Diamond Honors member I was given an 'executive' room on the 6th floor. However the room turned out to be tiny and the 'double' bed very small. The decor of the room was OK but the bathroom was very tacky with a plastic toilet seat and black marble cladding. Looked straight out of the 80's.  The hotel is quite noisy but eventually I managed to drift off only to be woken up at 5:00am by the mini-bar which was making an extremely loud buzzing / vibrating sound. It was clearly faulty and it took them half an hour to cut the power off to the unit. By which time I was fully awake and resigned to an un-planned early start to the day.   Also I had to pay £17 to use their car-park for a measly 10 hours.  I think there is a myth surrounding Hilton hotels and their quality. I have…,Date of stay: June 2005,2.0
4651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very Pleased and Impressed,"Intro: I have no quams with awarding the Hilton London Kensington with a well-deserved Trip-Advisor 4-Star Rating. I am being careful in writing this review whilst taking in the following factors espescially; Cost and Service - as the two are normally related directly to each other, as unfortunate as that likelihood is - it was most pleasantly not the case at the London Hilton Kensington Hotel. As A very well-travelled avid Trip Advisor reviewee, I have stayed in some of the most luxurious hotels in the world, and indeed London. For this particular trip my sister and I were attending an important event at the Exhibition Centre, Earl's Court - thus, we chose function over fashion - that is, Hilton Kensington. We were pleasantly impressed! Review: Location is easy to get to via…",Date of stay: June 2005,4.0
4652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Pleased,"After reading reviews, I was a bit uneasy after reserving through Priceline.  However, I was pleased with the accommodations.  The staff was very friendly, competent, professional and accommodating (a 1230pm late check out was readily granted.)  No problem with the Priceline reservation as the clerk stated, ""you are pre- paid"".  I requested a room on the 1st or 2nd floor.   A brief pause until I produced my Hilton Honors Card and we then had a choice of a room on the front or facing a building on the first floor (HiltonHonors Floor).  The reservation clerk warned about the potential for noise in a front facing room but it was not a problem for us and I preferred looking at beautiful 100 year old trees instead of a 100 year old building.  The quite clean room was ample sized with…",Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
4653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Nice, above average, no complaints","I had a very nice stay here.  I suspect most of the people unhappy with the rooms had much higher expectations for a Hilton, but I found the rooms to be larger than I expected for a European hotel, the hotel was clean, it had all the things we needed (or they were supplied upon request), the staff was helpful, and it was convenient both for getting around town and getting to/from Heathrow.  I wasn't ""wow'ed"" by the hotel, but I wasn't expecting to be: if you're looking for high luxury, you're going to have to pay a lot more in London.  But it's a nice, above average hotel if you can get it at a decent price.  It is in a residential area, about a 7 minute walk to the Holland Park tube, there is a grocery store/restaurants/ shops/Starbucks all on the way to the tube, it is walking…",Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
4654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,For a Hilton - Just average,"To be brief, this hotel was just average. The first night they delivered an iron and board to my room and, as I proceeded to iron my shirt for work the next day, discovered that the iron was dirty and had left a terrible black mark on my shirt. Not a good start. The hotel did, however, have it cleaned for free (although the stain was not removed properly).  The bathroom was quite tatty, and unless you are under 5ft 8"" the shower is not high enough. I had to bend down to take a shower - very uncomfortable.  I got a good price on priceline for this hotel, and unless you do the same don't stay at this hotel. there are better alternatives for the price. ",Date of stay: May 2005,3.0
4655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Okay for the special price,"In short: The hotel is okay, when you get a special price offer. Otherwise I would take something different.  Long story:  We have stayed several times in London and it`s not always easy to get a decent room for a affordable price.  This time I browsed through the internet and got an offer for the Kensington Hilton for 69 Pounds a night. Wow, I thought, a Hilton for this price. Usually this is what I pay for a 3 star hotel in London. And I booked it.  Later I read the reviews here and wasn`t sure, if this was the right decision. I exspected a luxury hotel (I thought Hilton = Luxury), but the reviews were not very encouraging.   I came there and it turned out to be fine. We got a room in the first floor, which was not really big, but okay. A little bigger than the room of a 3…",Date of stay: April 2005,3.0
4656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Small room but nice furnishings,"Having stayed at the Hilton Metropole last year I was rather spoilt and had been warned that the rooms of the Hilton Kensington had originally been designed and used by air crew stopover staff.  However I'm not one to be put off easily and decided to see for myself.  Stayed in an executive room on the 6th floor with access to the executive lounge which serves complimentary drinks and hot snacks in the evening. Although comparing it to the Metropole where i had also stayed executive the standard was a lot lower here.  For example during the mid afternoon at the metrople a high tea is served, including every little sandwich you can think of and cakes galore.  I was rather looking forward to this little pleasure and terribly disappointed to find that even the coffee machine was out…",Date of stay: April 2005,3.0
4657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel ! A++++!!!!!!,"I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington four nights and found it to be an incredible hotel! I was a little concerned by some of the comments that have been posted about the room being small but I found it large and comfortable (I was on the second floor) the staff was very friendly and the location was excellent .The nearest tube station is Holland Park on the Central Line, if one goes East one station you come to Notting Hill where you can change to the Circle & District Lines and go pretty much anywhere in London. Getting back to the room itself, It was equipped with cable television which had besides British channels, Arabic, German, Indian and Far Eastern stations on them as well (I have no idea what they were saying but it looked interesting!) All in all My one complaint…",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
4658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Adequate for budget traveling,"Spent 2 nights, 2 weeks apart at the Hilton. Both times, the rooms were small (by U.S. standards) on the first floor. The beds were comfortable with good quality linens, and the rooms had decent towels (i.e. not thread bare). One time we had a view facing interior to the industrial vents and machinery above the ground floor. The other time we faced a small private park off of Holland Park Ave. Street noise was minor. The main noise factor came from doors slamming at all hours, since the hotel caters to folks coming in from Long Distance hauls at Heathrow. Bring ear plugs. The staff was friendly and accomodating. On the 2nd visit, we asked for a  room different than the 2nd floor room assigned because the latter had a bathroom that was moldy from top to bottom and my husband has…",None,2.0
4659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,What A Pleasure,"From the moment we arrived from a typically uncomfortable long flight, tired and irritated, to when we left eight days later, this hotel was pure pleasure. Ian at the front desk is an absolute star and an asset to this hotel. Ian went out of his way to arrange a room badgering housekeeping until we got one which was on the first floor. This was done within an hour despite it being early morning and the hotel fully booked the night previously. The room was very comfortable and well equipped. The rate the Hilton gave us was unparalleled value for money. A tube station is less than 5 minutes walk away, a bus stop is right outside, several shops and restaurants are close by so the location is perfect. The front desk was exceptionally helpful at all times and every other aspect of…",None,5.0
4660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Better than the last train home,"The room was so small and nasty that it looked like it should have been rented by the hour not by the night!  However, it is cheap for London and if you are planning a night out in Notting Hill then it is preferrable to having to clock watch for the last commuter train home to suburbia. ",None,2.0
4661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Be sure not to get old crew rooms...,"Stayed here Oct. 26 thru 31, 2004.  This was our first time in London, and this hotel was reccomended. After a horrible plane trip from Rome, showed up at the hotel lobby to be greeted by a woman who couldn't speak English very well.  After getting over language barrier, was asked for our credit card when we had paid in advance.  Then was told that our credit card was no good and that we needed another one.  That's when we informed the girl we had paid in advance.  She rushed to get us our room key, sensing we were alittle annoyed.  When we get to our room, we found it to be the smallest room we had ever seen, even by European standards!  Once the bellman brought our bags, there was no place to walk.  We were on the second floor directly above the lobby atrium, complete with…",None,3.0
4662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great value for the money; location isn't the greatest!,"I have stayed at this hotel 3 times and I keep coming back for several reasons.   The rates that I get at the Hilton website, especially the non-refundable rates, are excellent.  I recently stayed for 69 GBP a night.  The location is definitely not the greatest and as many people have pointed out it's about a 7 or 8 minute pleasant walk to the Holland Park tube station and probably a 5 minute not-too-pleasant walk under a busy intersection to the Shepard's Bush hotel.   It's a perfectly safe and fine neighborhood just dull with nothing really, really nearby although Notting Hill is a short walk away.  Previous postings about this hotel are quite accurate.  Check-in can be excruciatingly slow but I've also had times where I'm the only person checking in and it's highly efficient.…",None,4.0
4663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"It took me awhile to find a Hotel to stay in London, since there are tons of hotels there.  I must say, I was hesitant to get a low cost accomodation, due to some negative feedbacks I read from this site, so to play it safe, I chose a hotel chain.  Hilton Kensington, Location is very good, very accesible to bus stop (just in front of the hotel) and subway (a little 7 minutes walk from the station).  If you're planning to take buses and subway, do buy a travel card before going to London, available in 1,3,7 days and it's worth it. You can just jump in any buses and subway even railways without queing to buy tickets and thinking of having an exact fare.  Very convenient.   Room is good size for 2 person, clean and comfortable.  Breakfast buffet which was inclusive in our rate was…",Date of stay: November 2004,4.0
4664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, OK location, could be better","We stayed in this Hilton Kensington in October 2004.  London being as pricey as it is, we got a room here via Priceline for US$150 per nite total.  The hotel is located near Notting Hill and Hyde Park and is about a 8 minute walk to the Holland Park Tube station.  There is a direct airport bus from Heathrow, but we were told that the service would be discountinued by the end of this year.  The rooms themselves were very small.  Barely enough room to change your mind.  The closets had hangers that hang your clothes sideways (to save space).  Our room on the 5th floor had an extremely irritating toilet, which you had to flush about 8 or more times before you were able to get rid of the waste.  Very annoying for us, as well as for our neighbors, i'm sure.  We only stayed two nites…",None,2.0
4665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,had a great stay staff friendly and helpful,"we have just returned from a trip in england and stayed at the hilton kensington  hotel for 4 nights [oct 04] We had a  double room on the 5th floor and found the room to be clean and quite a good size  the bathroom was small but it had a double shower the room had a desk and 2 chairs which most london hotels will not fit in.The staff are very helpful and friendly and will help with luggage taxi,s etc although taxi service is usually right outside the door a bus stop is also outside the hotel and a pick up point for the london bus tour picks up across the rd.The hotel had 3 Eating areas and a bar to sit in at night. each night the staff in the bar bring  a complimentary bowl of savoury snacks to the tables  expect to pay over the odds for drinks and food but you can eat in…",None,4.0
4666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Demand room on first or second floor,"We stayed at this hotel for a total of five nights on two different visits.  It was recommended by Insight Tours, a company that we thought had better booking connections.  Our first room at the hotel had non working room telephones and television (we missed important messages as messages are printed on the television); out dated furniture; worn carpeting, and we could hear the toilets flushing from rooms above us all night long.  We requested a different room: it had no bedding on the beds and we tripped going into the room because of torn carpeting.  Our third room ( on the renovated second floor) was decent, but small.  The management turned off the air conditioning (which was still needed in our mid September visit); if we wanted any air circulation, we had to try to…",None,2.0
4667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,recommended,"I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for three days in September 2004 and recommend it. The single rooms are more than twice the size of what I’ve had elsewhere in the city (though not as large as an American Hilton). The price was moderate and the room was very clean. The walls and windows were thick enough to block most noise from the street and other rooms. But the plumbing could clearly be heard when my neighbors started showering. More than that, the pipes screeched at times making sleep impossible when my neighbors started their morning bathroom routine.  Other downsides of the hotel: it’s not as conveniently located to a tube station as other properties. But the walk to the Holland Park stop is not unpleasant and has a café, a market, a pub along the way. There is also a bus…",None,4.0
4668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Having arrived at the hotel after a tiring journey I was quite looking forward to staying at the Hilton.  As soon as I opened the door to my room I was met by the strong smell of cigarette smoke - I had specifically asked for a non-smoking room.  A quick glance to the left into the bathroom (I didn't venture into it) revealed a toilet bowl plastered, and I mean plastered, with excrement.  I managed to find the telephone, in the dark as the main light did not work, and called reception.  A few minutes later I was met outside the room by the duty manager .... to say I wasn't pleased is an understatement.  After venting my anger the duty manager showed me to another room, having blamed the cleaners for the sorry state of the accommodation.  The second room was adequate although the…",None,1.0
4669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,good place to staywhen visiting London,"Our first trip to London and I was expecting really small rooms, ours was jsut like a room in the states. From the airport you take a convient bus and the hotel is the first stop on the route.  There is a tube entrance just minutes from the hotel, which was really convient, when we came back in the evening if we had not eaten there are several really nice place to chose from between the subway and teh hotel.  Convient , Clean, Helpful and friendly what more can I say  ",Date of stay: May 2004,4.0
4670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensinton OK,"Hilton Kensington: Older Hilton with 7 floors. Room small but clean and maid service good. Staff very good to OK. Fancy lobby with 3 places to eat and shop. Taxi cabs usually outside from 4 am onwards and bus stops right outside. Tube stop about 6 block walk. Our room was quiet and slept well. Only problem was a/c was poor and room never got ""cold"" on a warm night. Problem was addressed well by staff: gave us fan and sent maintance man up to check. Since it cooled off the next night was not a problem for rest of stay, but would be concerned if they have another hot summer in London. Would recommend to friends. ",None,4.0
4671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Thought it was great!!,"I stayed at the Hilton January 1-4, 2004, and was thoroughtly surprised at how nice my room was, given some of the reviews I had read about this hotel. My room (and bathroom) was very spacious and clean, and it appeared to have been redone fairly recently. Also numerous cable TV channels. I am a Hilton Gold Honors member, so that may have helped me avoid the bad rooms that are described in other reviews. However, I was also paying for my room with Hilton points, so considering that I was getting it for free, it seems likely that I would have been relegated to a lesser room. I really enjoyed the location--it is a little farther out of central London than would be ideal, but the surrounding neighborhood is beautiful--full of old homes and mansions. The walk to the Holland Park…",None,4.0
4672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,just okay,"Stayed here in April 2003 for 6 nights. Great location- easy to get anywhere from Tube Station, or nice walk to parks. Rooms and bath were nice, although one day we came back to our non-smoking room and it smelled like a smokey pub. We called the front desk and someone came up to spray a horrible deodorizer. Also, make sure you don't get a room near the linen closet, or elevator- very noisy. And something should be done about how the doors close to the rooms- I just about fell out of bed each time someone closed their door. Beware of the refrigerator policy: if you put anything personal in it, a sensor will be activated and you may be charged. I accidently knocked over a water bottle when I opened it, and was afraid I'd be charged for it. As long as you notify the front desk…",Date of stay: April 2003,3.0
4673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Very happy with my stay.,"Stayed in this hotel just before christmas after finding an excellent rate on the internet. I found the room to be very reasonable for the price that I paid-£70 a night. The room was immaculate and had everything you needed. The bathroom was a little on the small side but I did have a opening door-not a sliding door as described in previous reviews. The bathroom too was very clean and the water pressure was amazing! Having a shower felt like one of those spa treatments! However maybe I should point out I am a student, so seasoned hotel goers may not be so pleased by the hotel as I was-especially as the contrast to my student accomodation I had left behind probably made the hotel more appealing. But considering I paid the same price as a room in a travel lodge I was very pleased…",None,4.0
4674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Exec. Floor is great,"After being forced to leave the (NOT SO) Quality Hotel Paddington (DO NOT STAY THERE) we ended up at the Hilton Kensington. We were given a Jr. Suite in the Exec Floor (7th floor?) at a great rate.. I just called the Hilton 1-800 number (or equivalent in London) and the lady gave me several Hilton options in town and recommended this over the Paddington Hilton. Anyway, our free breakfast and nightly free cocktail hour in the exec. floor lounge more than made up for the extra room cost. The room was very very clean and nice. We had noise from the street below, but otherwise were very happy to have arrived at the Hilton Kensington. I do not know about the regular rooms. There is a Safeway grocery, excellent pubs, and movie theater very near this hotel. 5 min. walk to the tube…",None,4.0
4675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Hilton??????,I have just returned from a two night stay at the Kensington Hilton. To say that the rooms are small is an understatement - you even had a sliding door into the shower room. The room felt tatty and tired and the soundproofing was appalling. A very expensive hotel - that I shall never return to.,None,2.0
4676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Having looked forward to a special w'end away for my girlfriend and I, we were delighted to arrive at the Hilton Kensington where we expected the ""Hilton"" brand to greet us in all it's glory. First impressions were good, the lobby and reception areas looked adequate. However, on entrance to our room I was appauled at the condition we found it in. It featured a sliding door to the bathroom (as an in/out opening door wouldn't fit in the room), filthy plastic furniture and a yellow net curtain that was possibly white twenty or so years ago. My dog would have turned away. We asked to be shown to another room which was identical in features and condition... I then demanded to see the duty manager and he showed us to his best available room in the house - this was slightly bigger…",None,1.0
4677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,"Exec floor was great, regular floor rooms not so good","1st 2 nights we stayed on the 2nd floor. A/C was not so good. Next 7 nights on exec floor (6th) was awesome. Breakfast was typical english (yuck). If you are Hilton Gold stay here, if not try another Hilton.  BTW, the tube stop is only a 5 min walk...nice tree lined streets.",None,5.0
4678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Cabin Fever,"The hotel is very standard. The rooms are very small. I hade a suit which was more like a cabin on a ship than in a hotel. The view was of the lower roof or the hotel and the noise from the near by lift/elevator was clear when trying to sleep. From the hotel, it took me around 1.5 hours to get to central London by foot but it is a nice walk through parks and leafy streets. The hotel was not very expensive but was not deserving of the 4 stars that Hilton recon it is.",None,2.0
4679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Rooms not up to Hilton Standard,"This Hilton is on the far outskirts of London, and the nearest tube line was broken when we visited. We scored a great package rate that included 2 nights hotel with breakfast and one dinner for about $288 with taxes. We added up the prices of these if you paid for them separately and the cost came out to be almost $900! The hotel is pretty nice on the outside and service was decent but the rooms were awful. Very cramped (even for London standards) and our thermostat wasn't working so it was an oven in there all the time. Furthermore, they only gave us 2 flat pillows for a double bed. The room and amenities were more like a Super 8 motel than a luxurious hilton. We also stayed at the Hilton Hyde Park down the road and it was fantastic! If you have your choice, stay there instead…",None,2.0
4680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Good standard hotel,"Nice staff, good accommodation, well kept.  In a nice, quiet location, but close to tube.  Good underground car park outside the iniquitous congestion charge area.  Plenty of space, good Japanese restaurant, but boring carvery.  Recommended.",None,4.0
4681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195185-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Kensington Hotel Reviews,Big Enough to Cope - Small enough to care,"Travelling around London with a suitcase, wedding present and 10-month old baby Josh in a pushcair can, believe me, be a traumatic experience! I'd booked the Kensington Hilton for an overnight stay since Josh's Godparents were getting married at the Chelsea and Kensington registry office. Convenient, I thought. A bit further out of town than I'd planned, as it happens! That said, the location would certainly suit most people - it's by Holland Park and the local street is delightful, rather like a village within London, with charming shops and an attractive pub nearby; perfect for a stroll if you've got the time. When the underground system works, it's very good but - for the time being - forget it and use taxis. We did; it made much more sense. Less encumbered without an infant,…",None,4.0
