,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or0-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Didn't sleep a wink,"Got to be the worst hotel we've stayed in to date. Hotel didn't look anything like the pictures online. It was a very odd set up when we arrived - you have to hand in your key each time you leave and you can only get back into the building by ringing a doorbell. This was awful when you're trying to sleep and people are non-stop ringing the doorbell to get back in. Also, we had very noisy neighbours both nights. We could hear everything they were talking about and they didn't stop until the morning. Therefore, not much sleep occured over 2 days! The room was very basic, not very clean and not very roomy. Barely any room to move around in the bathroom - that was a struggle. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or0-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Booking cancelled but credit card debited,"1391016601 Hotel seemed in convenient location for Hackney Empire.  But, booking cancelled on arrival day, while credit card was debited.  No refund forthcoming, despite request.  Will need to consider what to do next.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or0-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I’ve possibly stayed in.,"I don’t even know where to start with this hotel, maybe from the poor parking or the fact you are staying next to a drug addict housing welfare building.  If i wasn’t here for only two days for work I’d of left after one night,  Issues I experienced;  They don’t clean your room or change your towels and when asked why “because you didn’t leave your key”  Fire door on top floor is broken and just sat all night flying open and shut which means banging noises all night long.  The bathroom is reasonable but don’t expect to throw your towel over yourself in due to the lack of room.  Also you’re are literally next to a 24/7 petrol station which generates a lot of noise.   Would not recommend to my worst enemy.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or0-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great hotel,"I would recommend lovely little place tucked away from all the busy hustle and bustle with parking, staff were absolutely lovely and so friendly they couldn’t of been more accommodating.  Rooms were clean and fresh and all the basics you need for an overnight stay.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or0-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Very old and inconvenient ,I had 4 nights in this hotel .. it is outdated .. very old and creepy location.. pictures are totally different of reality.. the room is very small and old furniture.. even the were no lights in the side bed lamps.. it was very dirty.. the spider nets everywhere... no toiletries... we asked for shampoo and shower gel .. no one brought them .. they didn’t change the bed linens or the towels .. until we asked they only changed the towels ... the shower was so stupid ... either hot or cold .. u can’t adjust it .. there was no remote control for the tiny TV they put in the room .. the price is not cheap though .. I didn’t like it at all .. i will never go again .. and I don’t recommend it at all .. i swear the duvets were very black and dirty .. it seems they have been used for ages .. simply don’t go there whatsoever. …,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or5-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not the best place in the world to stay,"I've travelled quite a bit around the world and I've stayed in some fairly sketchy places so I think I'm a bit more hardened to it than most. The WiFi worked well, the shower had good water pressure, and the room was as clean as I'd normally expect.  However, the location is not great - it's a bit foreboding to walk through a building site into a hotel. It's clear they've had problems there; they took a copy of my passport and they hold onto room keys when you leave the property. I didn't pay a great deal and it was for only one night because I was at a show in Hackney - but I wouldn't rush back.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or5-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Please please please Do Not Book this hotel its not an hotel it’s a dive,It stunk of curry as soon as we walked in, absolutely filthy bathrooms,old smelly damp bedding,need a complete referb, booked here for family gathering every where else in the vicinity was fully booked,I’ve never in my life stayed in such a disgusting property,Bought it up with the manager next morning made out she couldn’t speak English,she spoke perfect English when she took our money nearly £300 for two rooms nothing pleasant about this place at all,So please take notice of my reveiw DO NOT BOOK HERE",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or5-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Looking for somewhere cheap and basic in Hackney, this fits the bill, but don't expect too much.","Positives - Free car parking although limited spaces and first come first served. Location is great, lots of places to eat etc in Hackney area. Staff very friendly and available 24/7. Double bed was actually quite comfortable, if a little bit small, and no mattress protector. Shower was hot and reasonably powerful. Kettle and coffee/tea in room.  Negatives - Hotel is certainly fairly basic and the area it is situated in seems a bit foreboding (access through a narrow alleyway). It was largely clean but some marks on walls, carpet was old and tired. One of the bedside tables was moved away from the bed onto the opposite wall. Bathroom shower door replaced with a shower curtain that was a bit grimy. Shower head bracket was broken, so had to hold the shower-head.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or5-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Cancel your booking!,"If it is too late, you've booked and are stood outside this dump, possibly wondering which patch of broken tarmac is safest to park on, suck up the loss of whatever you have paid for the room, turn around and look for somewhere else. There’s plenty of other places including the nearby perfectly decent ‘chain’ hotel on Amhurst Road next to Hackney Central Station where you can pay via your mobile to park overnight.  Filthy and noisy does not go far enough to describe the City Inn but as all the other reviews have more than adequately covered many of the reasons not to stay there it only remains to add that there was no information regarding fire evacuation which I thought was a requirement, you were not allowed to hold on to your room key, using the shower and toilet would have…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or5-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Overpriced and undercleaned,"On the plus side, the WiFi was pretty good. However, the list of problems is huge.  They need better cleaners for a start.  We found a piece of chewed gum stuck to the headboard of the bed; a toenail next to an iron burn on the carpet;dirty bathroom and shower; mould in bathroom and window vents, dirty windows.  Secondly, at £179(!) for a night stay I would have expected a slightly bigger family room.  We had two double beds squashed in the room so closely that there was no space for bedside tables. Dont expect views either - overlooks a petrol garage forecourt (which seemed to be permanently inhabited by screaming gangs of people all night).  We should have known it was never going to go well as we arrived to find two ladies having a picnic consisting of a crate of Stella in…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or10-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Lucky i have to rate to put a review,"Went for a quick overnight to London for a show so i wanted something cheap... didnt realise cheap meant dirty blood on the walls in the bathroom hair everywhere didnt look like the hotel had bothered hoovering or giving clean sheets. I couldnt sleep as there was screaming from somewhere banging loads of noise and the thought that something was crawling over me loomed. This hotel was vile and wouldnt recommend this place to anyone! I checked out or more to the point  come down the stairs and the reception staff was outside and just took the key, to be fair i was glad to leave never again",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or10-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",What a disaster,"It took me half an hour to find, that had to phone as the entrance is not in mare Street as advertised but in Tudor Street. I  only slept there, or tried to sleep. Was woken in the early hours by a ""busy"" couple in the next room as the walls are paper thin; they went on for 2 hours, eventually around 4.30 am firs the noise of a shower than a door banging and tough, finally but no. The man started snoring badly!! Never again!!!!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or10-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Dirty,"Booked into the hotel, was told by the receptionist  that it was a high crime area hence the need to copy my passport! She had no idea about GDPR! Got to the room, it stunk of smoke-despite being a no smoking  room. The bathroom was disgustingly  dirty, the bed linen smelt, and there was damage to the wall.  We did not stay. A hostel would have been cleaner.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or10-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Just dont,"Had to give it 1 star to comment but it should have a health and safety warning  button, absolutely vile disgusting bottom of the pond hell hole dump, checking in was diabolical got into the room which was filthy, someone must have been smoking weed in it as it stank, the windows had been spat on and other manley bodily fluids, the bathroom well just 🤮 toilet would not flush had stuff in from previous victim, the shower you just would not no just don't,walls had holes in at side of the bed, we sat and looked stud up coats on and left, carrying cases back down 3 flights of stairs as no lift .",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or10-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great value fir money!,Fantastic service fantastic price! The staff were very accommodating and friendly. Especially Mr Khan. When my friend decided to stay in London over night they easily moved my room from a double to a twin for a very good price. I’ve stayed in many London hotels and in such an expensive city it is rare to get this level of value for money.,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or15-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",unpleasant and dirty,"There was a small carpark set behind a row of residential houses where the hotel could be found. The car park could hold around 5 cars at a push, but it's first come, first serve in regards to leaving your car there. Cars must be removed as soon as you check out, or result in a fee. The room was dirty, with various stains on the carpet, had a grim decor, and a semi-stale smell. The price was £68 for one night, which for London prices isn't the worse, but there are better for less.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or15-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Dirty and unkept,"The room was dirty as a whole, the walls and carpet were stained. We found rubbish under the bad and there was a piece of used chewing gum on the windowsill.   The bathroom wasn't much better with it being very grimy, and dirty.  The room was also very cold and only one of the bedside lights worked and the other was damaged.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or15-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",It's somewhere to sleep.,"I'm torn between giving it 2 or 3 stars.  For the price (£50) in London, it's not bad. It's not a hotel for luxury, just somewhere to sleep.  The decor is very european, quite outdated. The hotel itself is difficult to find, it's down an alley.  Staff are fine, apart from the slight language barrier. Although, one staff member was hesitant giving me more coffee, sugar and milk in the morning which I found odd.  They advertise it as 'soundproof', it's definitely not.  Also, I found a bug in the bathroom.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or15-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Clean and basic ,"The room was basic, but clean- perfect for one cheap night in London. There was a car park, which is why we chose this hotel. We found it quite difficult to find, but rang reception and were guided by the lady there.  Would definitely return again!  ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or15-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK! Awful customer service!,Booked this hotel and had to cancel due to a severe illness in the family. No compassion from the owners who refused to refund any money. Lost out on 274 pounds! We feel that this was unfair in exceptional circumstances.,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or20-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",AVOID LIKE THE PLAUGE ...OR YOU MAY END UP CATCHING IT!,"First thing: this is NOT on Mare Street. It is hidden away, completely unsignposted, several back streets away down a filthy ally next to an all night garage. The place stank of bad food and was reminiscent of a prison or certainly bail hostel. The hotel main switchboard did not even work! There is no lift. The tiny, dingy, grudging rooms are stocked with second hand junk and the lav was defective. The atmosphere was threatening with a locked front door and strange sounds eminating from some of the rooms. The sort of place you would go to end it all. Miserable, bleak, cheap and the worst stay of my life. A hostel would have been fun at least. DO NOT STAY HERE. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or20-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Don't think this place is up to chain standards,"One night is enough in this difficult to find place. No lift to third floor, small room with cheap bed and the smallest en suite I have ever seen. Tiny shower cabinet, have to shuffle to get onto the loo, no plug in the basin. Stairs are dangerous being made of marble, slippy when wet. Only merit is free car park. For over £90.00 it isn't good value. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or20-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",City inn,Stayed at this cosy hotel situated just off mare street east London. Great location for transport and cafes and shops and also bus and rail services. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are ensuite very comfortable bed and room was lovely and warm and very peaceful.would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or20-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Watch your reservation,I made a reservation directly with the hotel in the spring.  In July I emailed them and cancelled.  They sent a confirmation and said it was cancelled without fees.  When I had my trip in September they charged me for the room I did not stay in. I have emailed them several times without a response.  I have had to dispute with my credit card.,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or20-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",What you pay is what you get,Only read the reviews after booking a non returnable deposit we were dreading the trip but as things worked out we weren’t expecting a 5 star we were open minded as to what we had paid for a 3 day stay and yes it was clean cramped we both slept well (ear plugs) what we paid for we got so would I recommend it yes but have an open mind and don’t be precious,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or25-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Good Value, Great Staff!","Not familiar with London, and a sat-nav with a mind of its own, I struggled to find this hotel. ( Read the detailed directions on booking.com- as I didn’t ) I therefore called. The receptionist was fab! Really helpful, and stayed on the phone and talked me in. I was SO grateful. The hotel is only a 2/3 Star, but for under £70 with free parking and free wifi, I couldn’t complain. No food on site, but a 3 minute walk ( near Iceland) will bring you to Nicks cafe, where you’ll get a full English, toast and tea for £4.00!! If you’re on a tight budget, you may want to give this a try.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or25-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Just no,"Avoid this hotel at all costs. last minute booking, expected no frills due to price. Waited outside for 10 minutes to be let in, it was only when another guests came out for a smoke that we could get in.  No one on reception? Called numerous times, no one answered (because no one was on reception!). Searched the entire ground floor shouting helloooo???? no one to be found. After a further 15 minutes, a guy can running downstairs apologising. Saying he had been on an early shift and had gone to one of the rooms for a sleep....really??? A moment later, a woman followed him down sorting her hair out, it was clear they had not been 'sleeping'. At this point I was ready to walk out and book elsewhere, but it was gone 9pm and after a full day working London fashion week I was…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or25-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",One of the few hotels in the Hackney district,"In our desperation to check-out from a nearby hostel, we booked ourselves into this small hotel. The rooms are comfortable and it serves our purpose after a long flight from Prague. The person who manned the counter was also reasonable and kind. Bear in mind that this is a no-frills hotel and if you are just looking for a room to sleep, this could be it if you are around Hackney. The hotel is accessible by bus from the city centre. There is also a Iceland Supermarket nearby if you intend to purchase some supplies.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or25-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Unhygienic and unproviding,"Staff were ok, although the man at the desk forgot to give my ID back to me so it was only when I realised much later!   Worst thing was finding a pair of SOMEONE ELSE’s UNDERWEAR IN MY BED beneath the sheets. How can the sheets be changed and a pair of underwear get in there?? Suggests to me they weren’t even changed before we stayed. The duvet sheet also had multiple stains of what appeared to be semen - pretty horrid!!  Bathroom extremely cramped and only a tiny bar of soap was provided. Had to go and buy shower gels etc.  Would not recommend!!",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or25-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",terrible property,"i stayed in this hotel to visit family in a  nearby hospital due to its convenience to the hospital, the photos on the web page certainly don't portray a true reflection of the premises, the area is a building site situated behind a 24 hour petrol station, down a side street and through an alley, the staff were unhelpful at check in and i had to find my own way to my room, which i wasn't told where to find it, once in the room i found it dirty and grubby' although the bed linen was clean the walls mirror and tv screen were all stained with  dirty or old spillages there was no toiletries or wifi as advertised the toilet /shower room was filthy. on returning from my hospital visit it was clear i wasnt going to get a nights sleep due to the constant use of the petrol station other…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or30-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"The worst hotel ever! The photos and the location looked great, but the reality was very different. Almost impossible to get to the parking, there was mud on the carpet in front of the bed, it smelled like dead people, there were flies in the bathroom who came to give us bites through the night. Holes in the walls were present ... worst experience ever. DON'T EVER GO THERE!!!",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or30-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Christmas Stay,"I booked this hotel due to the location over the road from my brothers flat where I was spending Christmas. £50 a night - I wasn’t expecting much but my room was a good size, very clean bedding and towels. Bathroom was clean although could do with some mould in the ceiling being treated. Staff were friendly and found me some breakfast on request.  But as I say - £50 a night over the Christmas period was an amazing price to pay.  My only annoyance - I was expecting more than a bar of soap when “toiletries provided” is on the website. I had to go and buy shower gel and shampoo.  Would return for a cheap no frills place to sleep. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or30-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Overnight stay for family event.,"Booked online, looked good value and close to where we were attending a wedding, thought it would be okay for crashing just for one night.  Room a little cramped with shower/toilet/sink crammed into a cupboard space? But still adequate, fresh clean towels, soap and toilet rolls  Kettle with tea, milk and sugar on table near bed, very welcoming. Bed was clean and comfortable with two night lights on headboard. Small tv on wall was ok . Good size wardrobe and bedside cabinets, set of drawers too.  Reluctant to use toilet as the door was situated right at the base of the bed and embarrassing to use when another person in room.....  Staff were very friendly and welcoming as we arrived, and very helpful too, especially the lady.  I got Wi Fi passcode, but it never worked at all .....…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or30-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Grim hotel!! Do not stay!,"Booked 2 nights at this hotel as it seemed pretty decent from the photos online. After the first night stay, didn't stay the second night, as it was that bad. Booked it last minute so didn't have chance to read any reviews. Got to the hotel room which was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen, barely any room to move at all! Was a struggle for the both of us to get ready in the morning. Boyfriend woke up with bites on his body. Bedsheets were stained with blood. Towels looked about 30 years old. Stains all over the carpets and overall grubby and dirty everywhere. Shower was so small you could barely move to clean yourself, not that there was much water dribbling out the shower head. So glad we chose not to stay the 2nd night! Recommend to stay well away!!! ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or30-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL IV EVER STAYED IN,"I stayed on saturday night  in this hotel and my partner has come home with bites all over his legs, The quilt was blood stained and very dirty the bathroom had no toilet roll.  The room was cheap but I wouldn't have paid a penny if i knew what the room was like before hand   Never again!!!!",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or35-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not a family hotel or people hotel,"Hard to find as it's located in a back alley and has a building site right next to it. Car park only had room for 3 cars (staff take up 2). I had no idea this place served breakfast (I couldn't bring myself to eat it anyway). I stayed here with husband an 3 kids spontaneous city break ( didn't read reviews). They charge u for paying with a card 3.8 % so around £5.70. They put us on the 3rd floor so not really family orientated as we had to navigate through the cleaning products left out up and down the stair case. Got to the room the carpet it a massive trip hazard as my son went flying on it. The room was an alright size, beds where comfortable, they wasn't clean but comfortable. Fixtures an fittings broke all around the room, inches high with dirty is probably the best way to…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or35-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Better than sleeping in a doorway.,"Stayed here whilst working nearby, the place was booked by someone else that never checked out any reviews. If you don't expect anything more than substandard, you won't be too disappointed. The rooms aren't very clean, the bathrooms are worst. A luke warm shower/dribble in a converted mouldy cupboard, followed by a fairly comfy bed, is actually better than sleeping in a doorway like all the homeless that are sleeping on the pavements outside. The hotel shares the access to St Mungo's homeless hostel next door. This isn't a cheap hotel and on arrival I was asked if I pay cash I won't be charged the booking fee?? If you make a towel dirty, which is possible as the showers are so crap, it's an extra £20 and various other small print charges await you if you check in. Try somewhere…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or35-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I have stayed in. Ever.,"I've stayed in some pretty bad hotels over the years in London and elsewhere, but this hotel really ranks right up there with the very worst. I'll be honest. I booked this hotel on the day I wanted to stay and obviously this was a bad move. My main gripe was the cost - £125 for a double room. If this was £50 I would still be very unhappy. So Value For Money would be a zero off the bat. There is a litany of very concerning problems with this hotel. It is essentially a health hazard, generally.  Getting into the place is a mission alone. The surrounding area is very urban and filthy. I grew up hanging out in some pretty grim areas and this is about the grimiest. Nothing about the area recommends it, no restaurants nearby, a long walk to any public transport. It's a bad location. …",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or35-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Would never stay here again,"I needed somewhere to stay for a few nights while working on a contract in London. My MD booked this place without looking it up first. All I can say is that it's the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, in the UK. It's on par with a sub rate third world hostel.  When I checked in, it was obvious that someone has been smoking drugs (within the last hour or so) in my room, and the manager just shrugged when I complained.   The hotel is noisy, but not from the street noise, but from the other guests, the walls are paper thin. The TV didn't work, the curtains were hanging off the rails and the bathroom was dirty.   Needless to say, I would only let someone I didn't particularly like stay in this hotel, and even then I might give it a second thought...",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or35-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not acceptable as very unclean,"We stayed here just for one night as we travelled to London to see the Athletics, we agreed on this hotel as there was parking which most hotels didn't have, the price was reasonable and it was one of the closest to where we were going.  On arrival it is quite hard to see where the entrance to the hotel is as its a small alleyway just wide enough for a car to pass, next to a building site. The gentleman inside came out to help us park behind another car as it only has a tiny yard where they try to fit as many cars as possible, no actual parking spaces. He was very friendly. The reception desk was small but tidy, and the lounge area looked satisfactory although we would never use this as the hotel was only for somewhere to sleep.  The stairs are marble and clean looking, building…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or40-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Terrible hotel,The outside is a disgrace and the clientele hanging around outside very questionable.  So bad we chose not to even to enter but find alternative accommodation.  Some of our group did go in but left straight away.,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or40-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not safe environment ,Sorry this hotel should not be on booking .com .Buildings being demolished all round .Next to welfare hostel .Car park and tunnel entrance shared by both .Unsavoury characters in Car park. Frightening environment for children .Health visitor was visiting one room .Stayed 20 mins .booked out .Too dingy mouldy shower .bedding looked clean but not pristine .The fan blew out black dust .You would never consider booking on site .Booked online .Hostel maybe .Car park full of potholes .1 good thing and really only one .the receptionist was quite pleasant .Do not consider staying here .truly awful .!!!!! If the receptionist hadn't come out and reassured us we would not even have entered .AVOID .,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or40-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Value for money,"Good size room for a family of 5, a little grubby but clean sheets and comfy beds!   There was no ""free toiletries"" as advertised nor was there any air con as advertised - we were far too hot!   The locarion is great, 'proppa London' not just the posh bits you see on TV.   Overall, good value for money really was just what we needed for one night.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or40-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",What do people expect?,"Just wanted to leave a review about this place as stayed here for 1 night this week and to be honest all the seriously negative feedback seems very harsh. Okay it's not the Ritz, but for the price they are charging what do people expect? My room was clean and tidy with fresh linen. Shower/toilet etc all working. Bed comfortable. There was a wall fan and bed light which was very nice considering the heat at moment. Managed to park easily as quite a few empty spaces. Staff very pleasant. Hallways clean and fresh looking. Anyone looking for an easy place to stay with no frills could certainly do worse.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or40-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Terrible,Location was hard to find off the road that was stated next to building work  Family room on top floor & no lift Staff were hard to understand and could not offer much help No house keeping and room not clean  Unpleasant smell in the hallway  Shower was pathetic  Pictures online are not a true likeness  Total rip off ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or45-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Repulsive. Filthy and was literally a health hazard...,"Location: Not as per address, but if you know what you're looking for then you'll find it. The exterior looks like it should be bulldozed. Dirty on the outside, really dodgy location, car park heavily littered.  Reception: Clean, and all looks promising despite the exterior. The form you fill in to register as a guest requests far too much personal information.  The room: OMG! It was very late when i arrived and i was tired so didn't spot a number of things until the morning. I did see that the shower was filthy and covered in mold, rust and dirt. But, the toilet was clean and there was fresh linen on the bed. So i crashed out almost immediately. However...  I woke up and realised that i had warmed up and disturbed a VILE stench of stale urine from the mattress. It stank! I…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or45-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Glad I'm home!,#202 - mousetrap in room  shower broke & water runs freezing to scolding.  No b/fast - this site and sign on room door states it does No sound insulation - heard all ongoings in other rooms Mouldy bathroom ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or45-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting,"Stayed here with 2 other work colleagues and we shared what should have been a room with 3 single beds but ended up being a cupboard with one double bed and one single. Everything was dirty, the carpets, the walls, the bed sheets, the mirrors, the surfaces, the bathroom, it was just disgusting. We asked the person at reception if there was another room available and he was not very helpful at all and just responded with ""we are fully booked"" without even looking up from his phone. This was not worth any amount of money, please do not stay here. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or45-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Budget hotel but clean,"As mentioned, this is a budget hotel, budget London-style, and quite basic, BUT the bedroom was spotless.  Full working radiator, little tv that had a proper signal, towels provided.   Bathroom tiny but met needs, only gripe was shower wasn't cleaned but the rest was.   Staff were very nice and helpful.   Onsite parking is handy and there is a bus stop just round the corner that takes you into central.  Closer to London Fields than Hackney Central.   At the Texaco petrol station, turn left into Tudor Road and it's on the left through a walkway.   It's not accessible for people with mobility issues - no lift.   Was strange having to leave room keys when leaving for day and the form to fill in on arrival required too much personal detail but left these blank.   Probably the…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or45-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Brilliant friendly staff, comfy room","We stayed here as a party of three just for one night.  After a while trying to find this place (we ended up ringing up the hotel to get directions), we arrived to a really friendly guy at reception who was happy to help us with everything we needed.  He gave us directions to where we needed to get to and was all round pleasant.  The room was big enough and the beds were comfy. Great stay, thank you!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or50-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Okay Hotel,"Would've been hard to find but luckily we went into the wrong building and the people in there knew exactly we were trying to go so pointed us in the right direction. To be honest location seemed a little dodgy but it was right down the road from Hackney Empire which was brill for us as we were attending an event there. However, once inside it's clean and the member of staff we spoke to was friendly. Room was clean, quite large for London. We booked a twin room and got a room with a double bed and single bed, couldn't fault it really. For the price and event, it was brilliant. If you're looking for somewhere to stay so you can look around Central London I don't think it'll be ideal as the nearest tube station is a bus ride away.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or50-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Once we eventually found it (entrance not on Mare St as per address) room was tiny, no mattress protector, had to sit sideways on loo as sink in the way. NO SLEEP due to ice machine or something similar next door being on for 3 seconds, off for 5 seconds - CONSTANTLY. Do not stay in room 203. ",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or50-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not the greatest place to stay,"No the greatest place to stay in london nor is it cheap however the staff are friendly and helpful, and late at after a night out when you desperately need somewhere to stay this place would be it, rooms are more on the small side however they are always kept clean if the rooms were cheaper they would have got a higher rating.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or50-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Good place to stay, a bit hard to find","We stayed at the City Inn Express while competing at the European Masters Championships. Hotel was just as descripted, basic and clean. It was a bit hard to find as the entrance is behind a gas-station, which ment you had to take a differenct street to get there Nice fact is that the reception is open 24/7. The bus we needed to go to the Olympic Parc stopped across the street and took us straight there.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or50-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good value for Money for a hotel in London,"We stayed for 2 nights in a large room for five and we were five (room 303). The staff was nice and polite. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. We came by car and we could park free of charge in the yard! The bathroom is very small but it was big enough for a 6ft3 tall guy like me to fit into. You can use the loo, wash your hands and take a shower in the batroom but it is too tight for dressing. The weatrher was very nice, so the temperature was high in the room until late at night. May be they could invest in fans or A/C. We did not take our breakfast in the hotel, so I cannot review. In the end, it costs us 200€ less than in any other hotel around to accomodate 5 people for 2 nights over a weekend! If you come by car, it is even a better deal.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or55-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Value for money as always - much improved,"Having used the City Inn Express many, many times over the years whilst in London on business, but not since 2014, this was my obvious choice for a 1-night stopover in Hackney.  The staff were as friendly, courteous and helpful as always (same people) and the hotel had clearly undergone some refurbs since my last visit; the bed and room furniture all seemed to be fresh and quite new and the shower compartment also appeared to have been recently fitted - shower was electric, warm and powerful!  I can't imagine finding better value for money in London and I have stayed in a lot of London hotels over the years!  See you again soon no doubt guys.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or55-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Two star is right,"Was delighted to be allowed into the room just after 10.00, the staff were friendly, but the lounge needs new seating. Also there was no heat on the whole time i stayed there, the bathroom, only a eskimo could shower in there it was freezing. I thought £70 a night was a bit too much, more like £60 per night. I would stay again, if it was summer time, but in winter unless they sort out the heating i think not.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or55-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Friendly staff at a good price,"Staff were very helpful and friendly to accommodate us on our ladies trip.  There was a mistake with 4 girls sharing 1 room and they gave us 2 rooms the first night and because the hotel was booked the next night, put another mattress in our room so we could all sleep comfortably.  Very courteous staff.  Breakfast was not that great, but was not too bad.  It's small, so think of it like a bed and breakfast instead of a high class hotel.  Still, it was clean and staff were friendly.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or55-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",horrible,"Me and my family went for a weekend stay in London. Once we found the hotel the surroundings were horrible (bins, bin bags ect.ect). We checked in which was speedy then we went up to our 5 bed room and it was very unclean and messy. A bed was slept in you could see where the body was, Bin covered thick in dust, Towel on the bathroom floor. Pubic hair in my bed under the pillow, dirty windows, Dirty Floor. Dirty toilet ect,ect once we went to get a refund because we refused to stay. the cleaning rota was on the stairs window and ours had not been cleaned",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or55-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good hotel for price,"Good staff,very nice.had everything needed for a good weekend.would stay here again. Very good prices for the area.not many hotels that I could find for the same price. I had booked for me and a friend, I made a mistake in the booking and only booked a double bed but needed two separate beds.they sorted it out for me straight away and didnt cost a fortune. I find people can be very picky on reviews of cheaper hotels,this hotel has all you need for a good price.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or60-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Budget design,"Every detail of this place lack of any design common sence.  Seems like old building has been given a quick fix up at cheap, and using whatever materials were available. Room doors from 70s with old locks, pink marmour stairs and hallway?!, white budget main entrance doors that you would see at council flats. I was sold a triple room although needed only a double. As I have noot seen any other hotel guests during my visit, assumtion can be made that this room was priced at premium, therefore up for sale first at £99 per night. Room was tiny, one double and one single bed squeezed in with half a meter at each side and between the wall.  Hotel staff was friendly.  WiFi is not available at the rooms upstairs ! If you need to check emails or work on your laptop youll have to go down…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or60-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Very good value hotel.,"Booked in with friends for one night after a local wedding.  It was a very cheap hotel so wasn't expecting much.  I was pleasantly surprised:  my single room had comfy double bed, TV will many freeview channels, Plenty of tea/coffee etc and soap in the shower room!  I was a bit cold (but it was a VERY cold night) and it was rather noisy (not the hotel's fault) but on balance I have no major complaints.  The staff were very helpful and pleasant.   A warning:  it's not easy to find.  The postcode takes you to a Texaco petrol station on the main road:  the hotel is tucked away behind that :  ask for directions when you book this hotel!  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or60-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",great days in London,"We booked a room for 4. We had a double bed and 2 single confortable beds. It was perfect. The bathroom wasn't really confortable but for 4 nights, it was enough for us. The rooms were not noisy. The hotel is at 5 minutes for London fields railway and 15 minutes from Bethnal green underground by walk. Otherwise you can take the bus 106, 254 until bethnal green undergound, you will be there in 4 minutes. Lots of shops and turkish and chinese restaurants in the area. I think it was the best place for quality and price. Be careful it's not a palace but that's ok if you are not too demanding",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or60-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Cheap , easy Links ","Whistle stop in London in the way to Birmingham. I just wanted the cheapest place possible. . This place isnt exactly Buckingham Palace but If you're staying in Hackney your expecting budget accomidation . Great Wifi in lounge but doesnt work in rooms . Room clean , Shower fine . Reception 24 hour and both guys I met running the place were extremly helpfull . Nain e en offered to borrow me his oyster card after the realization that i couldnt pay cash on the bus☺.   Transport was easy buses tubes ect .. i would recommend The Albion Pub ten minutes walk away for any football fans .  Plenty of food about . You can buy oyster cards in the off license 5 mins walk towards Bethnal Green on the right hand corner .   Very happy with my stay ...",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or60-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",central cheep good beds,We was a bit worried about our stay since we had read the the reviews of this hotel  but pleasant surprised.   we stayed 2 nights here the room was a bit small but the beds where wery comfy with crisp clean sheets the bathroom a bit small a bit of dust in the corner  but... since was only there to sleep it was perfect with busses and trains close by and only a short distance to the central city.  I will stay here again.                  ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or65-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",disgusting room dirty and staff service was shocking,"arrived late and was told I had to give id which was fine but then a form was produced to fill in asking for every detail of myself   i.e. email address age date of birth address telephone numbers then they wanted to photocopy my  passport or driving license, I found this very strange  and a invasion of my privacy.  I argued with the male staff member who couldn't speak English clearly, why this is necessary as its only 1 nt and something that I've never come across  this in any hotel booking, my husband paid via the booking .com website and the hotel already had his details. they requested my husband e mail them to give them the 3 didget numbers on the back of his card. but I said why would you need his details when you have mine ? also I was paying for it as they now say it…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or65-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Ok,"After competing in a dance show at the Hackney Empire, myself, my mum and my two sisters had a 'family room' booked for one night. Found it very difficult to locate (it is hidden away behind a derelict building off a side road), and although the staff were pleasant enough, the room was far from 'lovely'! The bedside lights did not work, one of the duvets did not fit the bed properly and the bathroom was one of the smallest I've ever seen, (not to mention the pubic hairs in shower). WOULD NOT RECOMMEND! ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or65-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Poor,"The room needed total refurbishment, carpet dirty, tea coffee tray not clean. Shower had no hot water, had to use cups to wash hair. Might be cheap but not cheap enough. I would not recommend this place because it's more a hostel than an hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or65-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Average,"This was used as a rest stop for a festival in Victoria Park, so was a good location for that as it was only a short walk to the destination. The hotel was good was the one night due to the location, and the staff were friendly too. Some issues with the room but no major problems. Would use again for one night.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or65-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Clean and reasonable ,"Stayed for 1 night and we was happy with service received. Clean room which was a triple group room. Noise levels from others in rooms nearby could of been kept more under supervision, however was a weekend and was tolerable. Overall great location in Hackney close to shops and high street and once again reasonably clean and comfortable ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or70-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",A terrible hotel.,"Let’s start as we mean to go on with this review. I’ve stayed in some pretty bad places in my time and usually due to having to economise, but on this occasion, we figured that this hotel was well placed for our needs and not terribly extortionate. We got that slightly wrong. The hotel is situated down a side street very near to a Texaco petrol station which is noisy and busy at all hours. The building is accessed via a condemned building which looks like an “Honest Fred’s MOT and used car emporium”. Hardly the beginning of a relaxing stay.  The reception staff were disinterested in us as people but were quite keen to take our cash and sign a contract. They pointed us up some expensive marble stairs to our room which was hot, cramped and noisy. We had a little think about it and…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or70-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Awful - biggest rip off ever.,"We booked this hotel as a room to stay in while we were at a wedding down the road. This is the worst place I have ever stayed (and I have traveled to quite a few countries). The problem with this hotel is that it costs £120 for a room - so you aren't talking cheap - but looks like it should cost about £30 a night max. The room is grotty, dirty and depressing. There was dried blood on my pillow and at 8am the next day one of the residents (we think people are being housed by the government here while they look for council accomodation) started swearing and yelling outside our door for 45mins. I complained at the hotel and was told someone would call me. They didnt, I sent an email. No response. I called twice. No response. They arent interested now they have your money. This…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or70-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",GREAT FOR A SMALL STAY OVER IN LONDON,"Staff were friendly and helpful, room was small but what we needed, we only used it for a base, could have done with slightly larger shower area as more of a cabin feel to it, and facilities could do with refurbishment in the bathroom too, little smell of something in there, apart from that it was good and clean in the bedroom, tv facility and we slept well, curtains could do with black out effect on them also as woke up at the crack of dawn. smell of smoke coming from outside wasn't good to smell in room though - nevertheless we would actually stay here again",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or70-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",A room for the night but nothing more,"This is what I describe as place that provides a roof over your head. Most guests seem to be tradesmen working in the area. The bedroom/bed were compact but clean. The shower was not much more than a dribble in a small cubicle ( there's a joke there somewhere!). I have used it twice when staying overnight to see bands [Sinkane & Honeyblood if you are interested] at the nearby ""Oslo"" venue. It is a functional place, not for luxury, romance or comfort.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or70-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Amazing,The hotel is very clean and the staff are excellent best place I've stayed!! U should come try it people U won't be unsatisfied not bad prices and the rooms r big and Cosy feels too good staying here will defo come back again ,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or75-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",excellent,staff are helpful  good sized bedroom bathroom quit small for me but a good standard. nice reception area and good breakfast. what you pay is what you get  . found hairs in bed would not stay here again,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or75-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Extremely basic,"Stayed here for one night last weekend. The hotel is located down a back alley of a broken down building, view of all night noisy garage, curtains stunk of smoke, broken shower rail, plug sockets went off at night... Stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or75-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Do not stay here! Pay extra!,"We arrived at the hotel at 14:10pm, but the rooms weren't ready. Asked to wait in a dim lit room whilst the rooms were finished.  After 20 minutes one room was ready, but we were asked to wait another 20 minutes for our room to be ready. Went into my relatives room, only to be told the toilet didn't flush, & a plumber would be coming out. My relative demanded to see the manager. Wanted a refund but declined. We were given another room. Room wasn't too bad. We over looked a 24hr garage and buildings had the windows smashed through.  The room was cold as the heating didn't work, the water wasn't hot, but freezing cold, and the electric went. There was no way we could have showered.  We complained on checking out that they failed to deliver the basic requirements. A complete crap…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or75-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",AWFULL!,Stayed here this weekend- whole hotel stunk of curry. We found a condom packet on the floor and pubic hairs in the shower! The hot water was not consistent so it was either cold or boiling periodically and you had to jump out quick as it was so hot it would burn. Staff were unfriendly did not apologise for the state of our room but we're attentive when we had to ask for milk because they had not replenished the tea and coffee facilities!!!  If your going somewhere special do not stay here- you will leave smelling of curry!,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or75-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",weekend stay,"Stayed here after attending a conference and made a weekend of it. The rooms were clean and had everything required for a weekend stay. The location for access to central London and all the tourist attractions , is excellent ,just a quick bus or tube ride. The staff were very friendly and helpful we would definitely stay again on next trip to london",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or80-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",OK for one night,"We stayed here after a night out and didn't expect much. We booked a family room which came with a double and 2 single beds which took up almost all the floor space. The shower room was the tiniest I've ever seen but did the job. Unlike some others we did have a problem finding it, tucked away down a side road, behind a derelict building with broken windows. Breakfast was adequate with a choice of cereals and eggs fried or scrambled (no poached available), toast, baked beans and mushrooms. There didn't appear to be any sausages or bacon on offer although this didn't bother us with 2 veggies in our party.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or80-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good stay,This hotel is generally of a good standard Check-in was efficient and the staff were friendly and efficient at all times and very helpful and they have a left luggage service which is great 24 hours reception and a free car parking .The room was clean and the bathroom is small and only sop no shampoo or gel  the breakfast is excellent its continental. only the problem e wifi didn't work in my room. Overall the experience was rich and I would like stay here again and again if i com in future.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or80-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Excellent hotel for the price,"I have stayed in this hotel and it was very pleasant stay ,staff was very friendly.service was quiet nice as well even though I came to my room late at night but had no issues at all and receptionist was there and was quiet accommodating.The only issue I had  was no wi if in the room and I had to go to reception to use Internet and that was only inconvenience ,other than that I highly recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or80-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",My Stay in the Hotel,"first the location was good, i had no problems in finding this hotel on map. The hotel has its own free parking. I arrived to the hotel around midnight, staff was very friendly and warmly welcoming. The guy on the reception helped me to park my car free of charge. the process of signing inn was very easy and receptionist guided me to the room. Around 3 am in the morning i came downstairs because i needed some information for central London, Receptionist was very helpful, he printed some stuff for me free of charge.  The room was very neat and clean, freshly painted, tea and coffee was available, toilets are also clean , fresh towels are available. there was a lot of space available in the room to put my and girlfriends stuff. only thing i did not liked was room was bit hot ,…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or80-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Not worth the money, however convenient","Chose this hotel because my boyfriend and I were attending Lovebox Festival in Victoria Park. Read some reviews on this website and booked the room with an open mind. It was pretty hard to find, however a taxi driver was very helpful. Pleasantly surprised at the inside of the hotel at reception; seemed modern and open. The day staff were very friendly, however beware when booking this hotel as they do not take the money until you get to the hotel, when you book online the payment taken is only to secure the room. Also, using card to pay means that you will have to pay 5% of the price per night which means we had to draw out cash to avoid this extra cost. There is a free cash point around the corner along with a garage and shop which was highly convenient. Also, the 24 hour…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or85-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Perfect for what I wanted,"The hotel is in perfect location for lovebox (festival at Victoria park). 24 hour reception was perfect. The hotel was very clean, however a few minor faults was not having a fridge and also that the hotel didn't sell food or drink. The staff were friendly, particularly the cleaner and the guy working the day shifts on our weekend stay. Overall it was a perfect budget east end hotel and I will happily return next year.  ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or85-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Murky,"We stayed here to attend a nearby music event.  Very difficult to find as it is in a back alley.  Found toenail clippings on our floor, previous guests items in drawers, mould in the bathroom. The bed was clean and tidy. Shower was filthy.  This hotel has very bad noise problems from slamming fire doors. Bad soundproofing means you can hear the voices in lots of rooms around you.  At about £100 per night not great value. Left tired and irritated.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or85-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Last minute booking,My plans changed last minute and needed a hotel close to Stratford for a early meeting  the regular chains I stop at where fully booked or wanting £500 a night so I booked this hotel as I only needed a bed for one night .  It took a little bit to find it as it's hid on a little entrance and my sat nav took me down the right road but there is a fence cutting the road in 2 so had to try again.  Once I found the hotel I Was pleasantly surprised by the rooms and the staff where very helpful  the hotel had free Wi Fi and parking and a light breakfast included would definitely stop here again   ,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or85-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Don't judge this book by its cover,"This place looked really uninviting as we approached the hotel, but inside it's clean and secure.  The shower didn't work very well, but the beds were large and comfortable.  Perfect location for events in the Hackney area. Staff were very polite and helpful. Less than 5 minute walk from London Fields train station. If you stay here, walk to Broadway Market for food, drink etc.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or85-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Friendly budget hotel with free parking,"Over the last few years I have used this hotel and always find the staff helpful and the rooms clean. This is a budget hotel , so your expectations are not great. It is always clean and the staff are helpful. Free parking in London is a real bonus. Highly recommended and never had a dirty room. Hackney is now a very chic place with very good restaurants and good train links.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or90-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good Base for North London,"I stay here about 3 times per year (twice this week). It's a great base from which to visit my clients in Hackney, Dalston and Clapton.  I have always received good and friendly service from the staff.  This year it's obvious that a program of renovation is underway, with fresh paint and new bed mattresses.  The showeroom/w's are en-suite, but tiny.  Will continue to use City Inn Express.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or90-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",not very nice - very dirty and a bad part of london,if you want to find the hotel in marestreet you will fail. its in an back yard of the side street. i was a bit shocked when i arrived there. the room is not in a good state. everything is dirty and the bath was horrible dirty- dirt and mould . probably you'll find some bogies on the wall. i tried to stay as less as possible in this room. the bed was really good. i was happy about that.  we where allowed to check out at 12 o clock. and the last sentence (instead of i hope you enjoyed the stay) was: usually checkout is at 11am.,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or90-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",buget hotel,we stayed in september 13 this is a buget 1 star hotel    the price is great for a hotel in london  the sheets are crisp and white and i thought every thing was nice and clean  what more can you asked for for the price   2 faults the curtains need  fixing back on pole as they are a bit higgdly piggly but i can live with that i would stay in twin room as they are a bit bigger paid £2 each for buffet breakfast   you cannot get a cup of coffee for that price all in all you pay for what you get   if you want the Ritz pay for it would stay again if in that part of London,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or90-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY AND GREAT LOCATION,"We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as we were attending a wedding in Hackney and wanted something reasonable. The person who greeted us was very friendly and even took one of our cases up to our room. We couldnt have picked a better place as the wedding was at the town hall which was within walking distance.The only fault found was that you can hear the people in other rooms very clearly, not sure if it because the walls are not well insulated or the people in the room were very noisy ( hardly had any sleep) otherwise this is well worth the money , also paid a bit extra for the continental breakfast which again was worth the money  Thank you",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or90-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Not recommended, unless emergency","I have to agree with the other reviews with the ""poor"" rating. The service exists, but is still a bit under par. To get to the hotel you have to walk through a not very appealing - in fact a bit scary - alley. In the room there was a dirty/dusty bed and a small bathroom. We ended up trying to stay as little in the room as possible, and when we had to we tried to step as few steps as possible. There's no AC, so the room is too hot during summer and I was sceptical to open the window. All in all, we made it through, but it's no pleseant stay. What you pay is what you get, applies to this hotel also.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or95-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Good hotel, good location, and friendly Staff","We had a horrible experience at a hostel, and we decided to stay here. A freind of us already stayed here. We arrived and explained our story, really helpfull and understanding Staff. Nice room, and comfortable beds. We stayed here for 2 nights, overall good value for the money you spend. Location was perfect, close to bus stop, good neighbourhood and in 20 minutes in the Centre.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or95-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Good basic hotel, great staff","I have stayed in the City Inn Express many times when in the area on business, and to be honest I would say that it 'does what it says on the tin'. This place is well located, clean and has a small amount of on-site parking. The large downstairs lounge complete with big-screen TV is a warm and hospitable chill-out zone of an evening for those who wish to venture from their rooms to relax in a larger environment, and the staff and owners are always ultra helpful should you need anything..from some cutlery and crockery to eat food that you have brought in from outside, or additional provisions for your room. Yes the rooms are basic, but the ones I have stayed in have always been clean, heated and 'adequate', representing value for money at what are 'budget' rates. Would have no…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or95-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Avoid if you can - And dont ignore the other reviews like we did!,"Me and my partner stayed here recently, we travelled up to London to see a show so wanted somewhere cheap and basic to stay the night. The hotel was clean, however the noise levels were unacceptable. We knew there would be some noise due to the hotel being directly next to a petrol station but the main issues were with the room itself. The shower was more like a leaking tap, very weak but warm. The extractor fan in the bathroom turned off and on every 2 minutes and was extremely loud, to the point we could hear the fan in the room opposite ours, There was no switch / plug to turn this off. The room was very hot, the windows offered little relief. Whenever a car went by the curtain pole shook and woke us up. I would avoid if you can, unless your a VERY heavy sleeper. After a…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or95-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",I'd stay here again,"Although difficult to find, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the City Inn Express. It is excellent value for money. The room was clean and the marble staircase so spotless you could eat your dinner off it. The staff were great, and went out of their way to lend me a mobile phone charger as I had forgotten mine.  We had the £4 breakfast, which was egg, toast, jam and tea. It did the job and filled us up - no complaints here.  My only comment would be that the raidator valve was broken so we couldn't turn the radiator off, but other than that, the room was excellent.  I would stay here again and recommend to family and friends.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or95-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good value for money,"I traveled to and stayed in London for about 4 weeks in Aug 13, I stayed in this hotel in a double bed room during my visit. Staff are friendly, nice and welcoming. Staff guided me on traveling the city, provided me umbrella when it was raining outside. Rooms were clean and well heated. Bathroom/shower was clean. Clean towels and some toiletries were provided every day. Garbage bags were replaced everyday.   Satellite TV and PC-Internet in common area. Free WIFI reached my room on the second floor.  Location/Neighborhood may not be a tourist place in London but I did not have to walk long distances to bus stops and Bethnal Green train station is near from this place.  Being a vegetarian I did not really eat the breakfast they provided, but there are a plenty of restaurants in…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or100-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Cheap and Cheerful,"Me and my sister stayed two nights at this hotel back in the summer for a festival. Slightly hard to find, if you follow the sat nav on your phone you will get lost! We has to ask a couple of people to find the place. it is very hidden and tucked away. worth looking up the route first before you set off. once we got there and checked in the receptionist was helpful and friendly. our room was very small and had a double bed in. as we weren't spending much time in the room and was only sleeping in there we didn't mind. bathroom/shower is tiny, but it does the job. make sure you remember to take soap. we had clean towels both days which was great. there was a TV and a fan which was also handy. overall this hotel is ideal for a weekend away, don't expect too much though.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or100-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",I had to pay a tramp to show me how to get to the entrance.,I really did. He accosted me twice as I walked up and down the street outside looking at the half-broken sign hanging on the side of a derelict-looking building.  The room was fine given my low expectations.  Sleep was difficult to come by die to constant yelling on the forecourt of the petrol station in front of the hotel - I think it was the same tramp but was not willing to risk my skin to find out.  I didn't hang around in the morning. Booked a taxi and legged it,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or100-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Ok Budget Hotel,"This hotel was pleasant, neat and clean. Although down a dark alley way in central London, it was ok. Not much fuss, we found this hotel on late rooms. Don't expect much from previous London experiences, but this hotel was clean and for the price the room wasn't so bad. Not too small, like the ones in Hong Kong and not too large like the Hiltons (Not that I stayed in one with my money) The staff are pretty nice and bring you free cups of teas in the communal areas.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or100-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not bad for the money.,"A friend and I stayed at the weekend and we're pleasantly surprised. Ok so the room was fairly small and the double bed was actually a 3/4 but it was clean and tidy. It's really close to the bus stop and there's a shop near by. The staff were really friendly, and there was minimal judgement when we arrived after our checkout time having stayed out all night. We even checked out an hour later than we should have with no extra charge. It's not fancy but if you're after a cheap room for the night it's ideal.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or100-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"Excellent budget hotel in a Hackney, the staff are very friendly and accommodating, rooms are clean, tidy, functional and the common ways are allow plenty of light for easy visibility. Located closely to the bus stop and local tube station Bethnal Green to get to the City and Central London. Would visit again, excellent value for money.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or105-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Its a Budget Hotel,"We were expecting worse; the guys/staff were nice, bedding was clean, the bathroom was clean. The floors are great in the common areas. If you are not needy and know you won't be in your room much, saving your money is worth it, you'll need it in London. They have a computer & wifi in the common area.  We were concerned for the neighborhood at first but its not that bad; it was a Saturday night when we came in, so many folks were out and about. Its close to a bus stop and a train station is about a block. There are many little food shops to grab good stuff at the end of your day.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or105-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"For a budget hotel the City Inn Express is a great choice, especially if you prefer to stay in Hackney or East London. The room as well as the bathroom was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. You could hear some of the noise from the streets if you opened the windows but in general it didn't bother me. Wifi on the lounge and signal in some, not all, rooms. Would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or105-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Dirty dive - AVOID,"Stayed here over the weekend and was totally disgusted.  It is absolutely filthy, we would have been better off not bothering and sharing a taxi home - at least it would have been clean.  Dirty bathroom floors, dirty toilet brush, dirty bed bases, can you see we are following a pattern here - it is DIRTY!  We left avoiding the breakfast, we would have probably had bad stomachs.  Okay, it is a budget hotel but that is no excuse for the lack of hygiene.  Hopefully it will be closed down soon. *shudder*",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or105-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Value for Money,"I don't understand what people are complaining about.   Me and a group of friends have stayed here a few time!  Ok it's not the Ritz!! Its a 2 star budget hotel! Your paying for a budget room and service!   Three of us stayed in a triple room paid 79 pounds. Three star hotels within a mile radius of this hotel were priced double this.   The room was clean, hot water in the shower only niggle was water pressure was a bit low at times.   Fresh towels every day. ( have stayed in holiday inn express and they change them every second day)  Tea and coffee making facilities in room.   24 hour reception staff were polite and helpful, booked taxis for us at a discounted price.   Overall happy with hotel   Would stay again.   If your looking for a clean budget hotel I would recommend this…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or105-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Dirty Horrible Place,"I have stayed in all sorts of places around the country and this is one of the worst. Dirty, unpleasant staff - could not wait to get out. My room was where you would expect to be housed if you turned up at the DSS with nowhere to stay.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or110-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Shocking!!!,"Avoid this hotel at all costs! After eventually finding the hotel up a dirty, seedy back alley, next door to an NHS drop in centre, we were 'greeted' by the male receptionist and asked for our names and payment. No friendly chat or have a good stay, etc. The rooms were small and absolutely filthy!!! The dust and dirt and cobwebs must have been gathering for weeks if not months. There were stains on the duvet cover, the carpet was dirty, the curtains didn't fit  and were hanging off. The shower room was so dirty we got cleaning -products that had been left in a bucket on the landing and cleaned it ourselves!! We had to leave our keys at reception every time we went out and the staff barely spoke. We weren't asked if we needed any help with luggage although the hotel advertises a…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or110-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Nice place,My boyfriend and me stayed in this hotel several times.  Rooms are cleaned and tidy. Members of the staff are always friendly and helpful. Near the hotel there are a lot of pubs bars and restaurants. I reccomend it to families or friends who want to spend a weekend in London because it's a nice place to stay.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or110-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good hotel but a sound of a motor/pump very annoying,Good points: The room was good for the price and clean Toilet and shower in the room A lot of buses to go to the city centre  Bad points: Sound of a pump. You hear the sound of this pump starting/stopping and it's very annoying. Bathroom small and bad pressure in the shower,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or110-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Rude and dirty,"This is not a hotel you want to stay in.   First, I got there and my room was on the third floor, I asked if there was an elevator and the guy working at the front desk just told : ""No, there are stairs, climb it"". Okay ...  The room was fine, a bit small, the bed weren't comfortable, and the blankets too short.  The second day we asked for another blanket and an extra pillow, we were told that there were no vacancy in the hotel so every blanket was taken. First time in my life that I heard that in a hotel. Unprofessional.   During our trip, nobody came to clean the room nor the bathroom, they didn't even change the sheets.  The third day, we had a friend over for 2 hours in our room, little did I know it wasn't allowed. When I got downstairs the guy at the front desk dared to…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or110-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"I stayed here for work, and it was absolutely fine. Clean enough and in a good location close to shops and bars, and some parks nearby for running. There were a few damaged items in the room such as the showerhead and lumpy mattress, but all-in-all it wasn't so bad.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or115-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Filthy dirty kip,"I stayed in this hotel as it was close to family. I understood it was a budget hotel so I expected basic but hygienic facilities. On arrival my room was on the third floor so I had to haul my luggage up the three flights of stairs as there was no elevator or was I offered any assistance. The room was filthy, it had never seen a duster or Hoover. The bathroom was tiny, the previous guest's soap and hair was left in the shower and also their waste was left in the toilet. I asked to be moved to another room and was moved to a second floor room which was slightly cleaner but not  much better, soap left in the shower, un hoovered, bed clothes old, bed broken on one side and no extra blanekts even though it was snowing out. I didn't feel adventurous enough to try the food. It was a…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or115-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",DISHONEST CHARGING POLICY. BE AWARE!!,"I stayed in this hotel last night and was going to write a favourable review as though this place is most definitely a 'budget' hotel with absolutely no frills, our room was clean and tidy, with clean towels and bedding (though with an old and very tired bed and mattress) and the staff initially, friendly. Having read prior reviews that mentioned the hotel's policy of charging an extra fee for payments made by credit or debit card, I brought cash to pay for the room. When I checked out, I was about to pay, only to be told that my online booking had already been paid from my debit card and a 3.5% commission charge added to my bill. I asked to settle the bill in cash, minus the commission charge only to be told that was not possible as I'd made an online 'non-refundable' booking…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or115-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Cheap,"I stayed here for two nights. On the plus side, I saved a lot of money and I had a clean warm safe place to stay, with a small bathroom. There are buses that run nearby that take you to Bethnal Green tube station. Some of the rooms are close enough to the wi-fi hotspot to have a very good internet connection, which is included for no additional fee. On the down side, there's a loud water pump on the 3rd floor on the other side of the wall of my room that would go off every minute or so. I took off a picture frame from the wall to reduce the rattling sound. Even with ear plugs, I had a terrible night's sleep the first night. The friendly staff said they would turn it off for most of the night on the 2nd night, so I got a decent night's sleep on the second night. The shower is…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or115-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Budget Hotel,"It's a weekend/shortbreak budget hotel. We were visiting Family in Hackney. The entrance is off a side road just below the petrol station, as you approach the archway to the hotel entrance you can't help but notice the derelict building, take a good look at the windows, it's an art installation. We asked to see the room before paying, It was reasonable size with very small shower/wc room. The room was clean in the right places, but dusty wardrobe tops & window sills. The bed was old but clean sheets & comfortable enough. There was a kettle & tea/coffee. We stayed 2 nights & the towels were replaced, even if the were a bit tatty they were clean. The reception is manned 24hours, & you buzz them to get back in. Overall the hotel is good enough for just a couple of nights stay on a…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or115-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Don't be put off my bad reviews. It is a good budget hotel!,"My friends and I booked this hotel for an overnight weekend stay. There were 5 of us and we got a family room with one double and three single beds. It was a good sized room and all the beds were clean. The curtains were not hung properly and the bed bases were a little bit dirty but apart from those very minor things, the room was clean enough to be a 2 star budget hotel. I think what people need to remember is that this is a 2 star hotel! We had no problems. The staff were friendly and it was not overly noisy. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or120-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Very poor!,"When we arrived the staff seemed friendly, which was a plus as the hotel itself left a LOT to be desired! After hauling our luggage up 3 flights of stairs (without being offered assistance!) we got to our room... Well, what a dump! It had two beds and a TV at least, but the cleanliness was appalling! There were bits all over the floor, everything was covered in a thick layer of dust, and there was a hair on my pillow!! Going back to the dust, on the wall people had managed to write ""please dust me""... there were several different types of handwriting so god only knows how long it has been since the place has seen Pledge!! The bathroom was tiny - I almost knocked myself out getting out of the shower! The shower was rubbish and the tray was stained. The shower doors were slimy and…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or120-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Don't,"Reviews for this place seem poles apart!  My own experience falls in the ""don't touch with a barge pole"" camp.  I was there for as long as my husband on the end of a telephone could find me somewhere else - a clean, well presented and comfortable hotel a few miles away for the same money (£65). This hotel is revolting and I thank my lucky stars that I didn't have to stay there.  The photographs which appear here are wholly accurate and in line with my own experience.  Booking agents should not promote it on their websites.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or120-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Lack of hot water and price add ons,On arrival we were told we had to pay a 5% surcharge to pay by debt card - No mention of this on the confirming emails etc. Cashier sugegsted we could go out in the rain late at night in Hackney to get cash if we prefereed! Then there was not hot water int he room. Again staff indifferent. Room was clean and ok for a budget hotel.  Noisy as by main road and all might traffic,Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or120-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Stay again? NO,Give hotel credit it is spotless on the cleanliness side.Working in area and asked if we could have breakfast earlier? No problem was said but on first day we had to ask the miserable person/s on reception if we can have lights on in lounge area.Then only cereal available and again had to ask for milk.If you want a return visits be a more helpful its not a chore to work nights its your job. Never stay again only because of the staff being so miserable and not helpful at all.Hope this helps Jif,Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or120-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",A great find for a budget get away.,"It's time to remove the 'candid' photos of this hotel from tripadviser. They are out of date and bear no relation to the quality of accommodation that you get at this hotel. It offers fantastic value for money.  Our room was clean and comfortable with windows that opened, always a bonus! Everything worked.  The shower room looked like new, it was compact with lots of hot water and a good pressure.  Although the address is Mare St,  this building is accessed off Tudor Rd, a quieter side street and the hotel is much quieter than you would expect.  It's hard to find, so look for it just off Mare St in Tudor Rd on the left hand side, set back off the road and tucked in behind the service station which is on Mare St.  We regard this as a great find for a budget get away.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or125-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",My stay in London got so much better after I checked in The CityInn Express,"The hotel was really nice and the personnel acted very professionally.Breakfast was included in the price as well which made it so much easier food wise. The only bad thing I noticed that there want a wifi network which could be a trouble if you don't have 3G on your phone. Overall, my stay was great and I couldn't complain about it.  ",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or125-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",The Guest House Paradiso,"Upon arriving to the hotel, it looked nice and well presented. When we entered the reception the receptionist was pleasant, and advised us that should we want to leave the car and go into the town centre we would need to leave him the car keys. I did not, and kept hold of them.  The reception was very clean and tidy and well presented. The reception desk was manned 24 hours a day which was great. I felt safe at this hotel. The hall way was decorated really well, and loved the marble floor and wall.  When entering the hotel room it was apparent that standards were being let to slip. The bed base was absolutely filthy. And from the photos I have uploaded, you can see this. There was not enough milk to make more than 2 cups of drink, yet there was 8 sachets of tea and 8 sachets of…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or125-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",No complaints from me!,You get what you pay for and for £26 each for three of us to share a triple I was more than happy. It's a no frills hotel but it was clean enough and the staff were friendly. Bed was comfy and we all slept well. For what we wanted it was perfect.  If you want a four star hotel then book one!,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or125-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Very unfair negative comments,"I needed to book a room in London at last minute, I booked the City Inn Express and then read the reviews. I was horrified! The negative comments made me think I had made a huge mistake! With trepidation I turned up at the hotel, what a pleasant surprise! The hotel is lovely, cant fault a thing. The staff are excellent! The room was lovely. Very clean and well equipped. I have stayed in many hotels due to business and have paid a lot more for rooms which I wouldnt have let an animal stay in. The bed was comfy and clean, the bathroom was immaculate! The staff are so helpful, giving  directions to restaurants, take-aways etc. The room was cleaned every day but is not intrusive. I cant recommend this hotel highly enough. I initial booked for 5 nights but due to business commitments…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or125-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Olympic stay,Not at all as bad as the reviews.Bookedthis hotel at the last minute when realised that we couldn't get home after evening olympics and stayed in a twin roomwith my 14 year old son.Small room but clean & adequate.Staff polite & friendly.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or130-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Filthy dirty!!!!,"Our hotel room was filthy dirty: the walls so thick in dust people had written their names in, drinking glasses with thick dirt in, stained beds, but the real disgusting part came when we opened the top drawer to find a USED CONDOM and the empty box!!!!  The tv had no remote and the pillows and quilt were paper thin. Staff offered us no refund despite our complaints.  When we firt arrived we thought the hotel had closed down, the front was so run down. I would advice everyone to stay away from this place!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or130-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",City Inn Express London,"We stayed at this hotel for two nights.  Our room was a triple, not bad size but decor was awful.  Curtains hanging from windows, Bed covers and sheets well worn.  Base of beds were dirty and torn so dread to think what mattresses were like. Bathroom was very small.  Breakfast was... awful, served by the grumpiest looking waiter who did wipe down our table with a bath towel. This hotel was way over priced for what you get. When we arrived at the hotel we thought the place had shut down by the sight that greeted us but soon realised the hotel was down a little laneway from this. The one good thing was the nice guy on reception who helped carry my case up three flights of stairs as there is no lift.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or130-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel -poor value,"We stayed here two nights and were most unimpressed.The bedroom was ill -lit,the housekeeping in our room was virtually nil,the breakfasts were minimal and served with bad grace and the public stairway remained muddy for all our visit.The only saving grace was the pleasant/helpful nature of the daytime receptionist.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or130-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Don't stay here unless youhave no other options,"We booked this hotel as it was within walking distance of the venue we were going to. However, it was a big mistake. At nearly £90 per night for a twin room we were expencting something at least Travelodge standard but it was nowhere near. As other reveiwers have commented, first impressions are terrible as all you see is a boarded up building. The rooms are very small and the bathrooms are even smaller. The water in the shower comes on when it feels like it - which isn't very often. There is no choice for breakfast - you have egges on toast or you don't have breakfast. The staff used a bath towel to brush off our tablecloth whilst we were sitting at the table. We asked for three teas and a  coffee and eventually four teas came. The bedsheets were torn and there was only one…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or130-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Break,"The hotel is clean and adequately furnished for a weekend break.  Downsides are a ridiculously small shower room, you need to be either a small child or a contortionist to use the toilet as it is tucked almost under the sink. If you have the slightest impediment then use the facilities of the pub across the road.  The shower was a decent size but the head was blocked so next to useless.  The staff were foiendly but as much use as the shower. Parking is okay if there is only three or four cars there but dont listen to the staff who will try to reverse you into very small spaces, despite your protestations.  We didnt do breakfast but got a huge one in Wetherspoons just down the main road for cheaper than the hotel.  Would I stay there again - only if there was absolutely nothing…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or135-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not bad at all!,"Reasonably priced, definitely get what you pay for, only criticism is that it was very noisey and rather warm!! Breakfast was fine, staff were fine, room was clean and location was great.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or135-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Budget hotel in Hackney,"The City Inn Express is not easy to find, being tucked down a little alley under an archway and I am glad I arrived there in day light as I would have been a bit dismayed at having to approach it in the dark for the first time.  The door is permanantly locked but there is always someone on duty to answer it and the welcome is warm and friendly. The hall way and staircase are beautifully decorated with smart tiling all the way up and very neat and clean-looking. I booked for a single for one night and was given a twin room with shower room at the front of the hotel overlooking Mare Street, which was quite noisy.  The room was perfectly clean thought the decor was rather tired and there was no light bulb in the main light.  The bed-linen was not very good quality and had got that…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or135-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",I enjoyed my stay,"The room, bathroom towels were clean, good breakfast and staff were helpful and friendly. It was well worth the price.  I will use them again",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or135-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Just what I needed,"If you are looking for a romantic getaway or a palacial swanky pad then this isnt for you.  However, if you need somewhere easy to get to, clean, with your own bathroom and breakfast included then this is it.  I had a delightful little time, I was just in the area for the night and this was perfect for getting my head down.  The entrance to the hotel isnt the nicest but who cares.  The price is brilliant.  I have paid much much more money and stayed in much much worse places than this while in London.  The staff were lovely and helpful.  Breakfast was even more than i expected, there is the usual choice of cereals, but then you can sort of have a fry up made to order (without the meat).  I had eggs on toast, a bowl of cereal, some OJ and some lovely fresh coffee.  Perfect.  No…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or135-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",One step up from a hostel.... Just....,The place itself was clean ..the staff were nice.. But my room had serious maintenance problems.. Hmm where to start.. There was no plug in the hand basin..(although they did later supply one but when I pulled the lever to empty the basin I found it wasnt attached so had to dig the plug out with my fingernails.. Lovely..) the toilet seat was not properly attached.. The shower was impossible to get a reasonable temperature..so I had a cold one.. The telly wasnt tuned in.. The wastebin didnt work..and the bedside light had no bulb..or string to switch it on..oh and the thumping music from somewhere near outside didnt help.. Nice people though.. ,Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or140-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good value for money!,"We recently stayed in this hotel as a group of four girls who were looking for cheap accomodation in this area.  We were a bit unsure of what to expect given reviews and pictures but overall the hotel was clean and organised.  The rooms are basic but well laid out and clean, the bathroom albeit small was fine for the 4 of us.  It was a bonus that it was group room so we all had our own beds (not usually the case with triple or quad rooms).  We were more than happy with the breakfast of toast and cereal, it was quite nice that the hotel is small enough that its not too busy at breakfast time etc.  The staff were friendly and laid back, for the budget price we paid it was really good value for money and we would stay here again.    As mentioned they will charge you for using cards…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or140-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin.,"I needed to be in this part of London for 1 night only.  What I wanted was somewhere clean, with clean fresh towels and bed linnen.  I wanted a shower that was clean and which worked and I needed a decent breakfast.  I got all of these at a very reasonable price.  The staff were unobtrusive, but they were easy to find, and were pleasant and helpful.  I would stay again and would reccommend for business stop overs.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or140-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Pleasant budget room,"Staff very friendly, room clean, comfortable and was very nice to have been provided with two pillows each and you have a choice of having a continental breakfast for £4 a person which consists of cereals, juices, tea or coffee, toast, beans, eggs which I didnt have but thought it was very good value.  Tip....pay by cash as they charge 3.5% for using a debit or a credit card.  Walls are thin and the people in the room next to us were rather noisy but at the end of the day if you want 5 star luxury then you have to pay for it.  Was nice to have tea/coffee facilities in room although we only had 2 tea bags but staff are more than happy to provide more.  Shower door did not close properly so water leaked over the bathroom floor.  No lift at this hotel so have to climb stairs and…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or140-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good Value for Money,Clean Room.  Friendly and helpful staff.  Overall value for Money.  Would definitely return,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or140-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",awful,"The 'hotel' bears no resemlence to the website and beware of paying upfront as you may not want to stay when you get there.  Bedding unclean, bathrooms unclean, cup and glass in room unclean, not very secure, previously used soap bars in the bathroom. strange set up altogether.  Dont opt in for the breakfast either as you wont want to have it when you see the place.  staff were friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or145-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Very good!,"Good comfort, kind staff, very decent! Lots of good things to say. But both walls and pillows are thin, and cleaning equipment was visible around the hotel, but the place was good overall, especially considering the price! Good!!",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or145-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Good Price, Good Location, Hope to go back soon","We have stayed here in August, and were very pleased with our stay then. We booked two nights this time, where welcomed by the friendly staff. We were able to leave our bags as we were early, and when we got back they had been moved to our rooms. The room was clean, and had a slightly bigger bathroom than our last stay so i was very pleased. The rooms are slightly hot on a night, but nothing to complain about. The room was brilliantly cleaned whilst we were out the first day. We asked to leave our bags after checkout and this was happily accommodated for the whole day, as we were much later than we thought. It is a perfect place for being in Hoxton, Shoreditch, Haggertson in less than 20 mins by foot, brilliant transport links, we were able to jump on a bus at Bethnal Green Tube…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or145-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",The most disgusting place I have ever been,"Do NOT be fooled by a good website or any good reviews.   I got put in a room that wreaked of ammonia.  When the room got changed the member of staff came on to me. Made me feel very uncomfortable and vulnerable.  Knocked on my door too much!  The room above me had a prostitute in it.   At 2am the bathroom roof started leaking, no, pouring water all over the floor.   Hairs in bed, and in bathroom.  Bed falling apart.  Extensive mould on ceiling",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or145-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Over priced but clean,"Room was clean and basic but not value for money. The rooms was okay, bathroom facilities worked. However, the extra surcharge for paying by debit card (£5.00) is a disgraceful way of the hotel earning a bit of extra money.  The receptionist was friendly and helpful. Can't say fairer than that.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or145-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good value for money,"There is no such thing as a free lunch in this world one gets what one pays for. In my opinion if one just needs a bed in London great value for money. Staff were friendly and charming. The big bonus was a secure free car space. The room was clean and adequate. Location great and fantastic bus service outside the hotel on Mare Street. I am back down to London in a couple of weeks and have a meeting near Liverpool Street - I have booked again. What more does one need to say. For the money breakfast was fine - coffee, orange juice, cereal and banana and a couple of eggs on toast. Also manned 24 hours. Think the poor reviews are just expecting too much for the small amount of money charged!",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or150-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Basic but clean,"Not a problem for the price paid,it is basic,clean and friendly and most of all it does its job...",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or150-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Very overpriced, poor service, not a mainstream hotel.","I don't usually feedback on hotels without a good cause, but I feel that this one is a review that travellers need to hear. One of the worst I have stayed in in my life.  I booked this hotel thinking (rather naively) that it is a chain firm much like Holiday Inn and the Premier Inn. It is not. It is located in a very dodgy area within Hackney, which at night made me feel very insecure and threatened. The windows are very thin, easily breakable and you can hear a lot of noise at night. The whole area outside the hotel is in an absolute state of disarray - it felt like an industrial wasteland.  Upon arriving, I was incredibly disappointed with the £60.00 I had paid for a double room. I'm not a fussy traveller, but for a double room I expect to be able to move around in the…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or150-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Good location/room/value/facilities,"Book this hotel regular whenever Judy's Vintage Fair is at York Hall in Bethnal Green, try to stay here every time as the parking is easy, free, and seems safe as it is off the road and by the doors to the hotel where there is always someone on the reception. The rooms are comfy, the staff are very friendly (been offered a choice between rooms before) the rooms are spacious and comfortable with tea/coffee facilities and en suite bathroom. Decorated modern, the marble entrance is pretty awesome. 10 minute walk to the tube too so all in all, this is a good choice whatever your reason for travelling.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or150-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Do not stay here.Shower is broken.Faucets attachments are loose. The first room we had ,the sink was blocked.plumbing looks like DIY to me since all the faucets are loosely put together ! The second room 's shower attachment was broken ! Again loose faucets ! Room is small and bathroom is really small.I do not mind the smallness of the place,but I did mind the below average workings of the plumbing..and broken shower !   Cheaper here compared to other hotels but I rather pay a bit more and stay somewhere else where all the plumbing works. It is a long walk to the subway station.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or150-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Will definately be staying here again!,"After getting lost and not being able to find the hotel, I phoned up reception and they were very good in guiding me by phone to reach them! Was a little worried by the exterior passage, but the actual hotel was lovely, clean and smart! very friendly staff, happy and chatty :o)  loved the 24hr access.  A very convinient local, 10min max walk to Bethnal Green Tube Station.  Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and felt very welcomed! I checked out on the day the Hackney Riots began and I just hope that all is safe and well at this hotel!  Thank you very much and see you soon hopefully!",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or155-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Nice Hotel!,"Nice hotel, Clean room, great value. Check-in was very friendly and efficient, room was as expected. Breakfast was provided, the facility of Tea and coffee was also provided in the room. Staff was very help full and gave a very warm welcoming.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or155-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Not reccomended if you are easily scared!,"I wasn't expecting much as the hotel is a half the price i would normally pay, but as i was on a tighter budget i chose this hotel.  I knew around the Hackney area but late at night it is not safe to be walking around trying to find as we could not find the entrance, it is hidden away.  It was down a side road, which looked like a building site and all around was smashed out windows and just generally a bad looking area.  The room was small, not a problem but it was not clean and the paint was scratced on the walls.  The bathroom was discusting the shower was filthy.  I have no idea why they think an expensive brabantia bin and flat screen tele is more important than anything else.  My bad was falling apart the staples had come away from the base of the bed and my mattress was…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or155-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Excellent value, friendly and helpful staff and perfect for travelling into the City.",The hotel is ideally situated for working locally or in the City as there is a surface rail link (London Fields) within a few hundred yards which takes you direct to Liverpool St Station in about 10 minutes.  There are bus links within 100 yards into the city or to other parts of Hackney Borough.  There is plenty of night life within a few hundred yards with excellent  restaurants and bars.  I stay at the City Inn a few times a month for work  and am so pleased with it that I have continued to use the hotel for over a year and will continue to stay there while I am working in London.,Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or155-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Wonderful experience in this hotel,The hotel stuff is really friendly and helpfull. I enjoyed my staying there! highly recommended!  It was excellent value for money and ideally situated for transport to the city centre.Tea/coffee making facilities provided in the room.,Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or155-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",A decent hotel in a convenient location - good for those on a limited budget,"We spent a comfortable night here. Our room was small but clean and quiet.  The staff were pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was cereal, juice, eggs and beans. There is a good range of cafes and  restaurants nearby and the hotel is adjacent to bus stops. Not the Ritz but good value for money.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or160-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",not recommended - grim,Hotel up an alley through derelict building. Overlooks 24 hour gagrage. Rooms have paper thin walls . Ridiculous £5 debit card charge. One of worst hotels I have stayed in.  Avoid,Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or160-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",A truly horrid hotel,"Where to start??? The bed was broken with one side sagging making it uncomfortable for sleeping, the bathroom stank, with the most awful odour coming from the sink, the toilet seat was broken as was the shower.  And when these issues were passed on to the front desk to say they were disinterested is putting it mildly!!!!!!  Overall a truly horrid hotel.....",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or160-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",A fair price for a basic room,"I stayed here for one night October 2010 as I was attending my brother's wedding. I booked in advance and then read the reviews - filled me full of dread but the good reviews convinced me not to cancel!  On arriving, the signage is on a derelict building but access is through a narrow arch. Arriving early I was able to take advantage of the free parking - always a bonus in London! I was advised where to park and check in was quick and easy. The marble staircase is very striking. We had two rooms on the third floor - a double and a triple room. Both rooms were clean and tidy, although my children did pass comment after we left that there was what appeared to be a rat or mouse trap in their room! There was no sign of any vermin though.  The rooms were clean and tidy, not huge but…",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or160-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great hotel if using local area and want value not ammenities,"All the people that wote poorly about this hotel suprised me. I was nearly put off by all the negative reviews. My sister lives really nearby and normally I stay with here but it was her 30th bday party and I wanted to get some sleep fearing a extended party. I found the place to be very basic but perfectly pleasant. There was thin towels and little perks but when something in inexpensive what can you honestly expect, especially in London. I am rating this hotel according to the value it represents. If you need to visit localy then it is a very sound choice for those who wish to be economical. I will definately be using it again in the future. We also got a late and missed breakfast and they kindly made food for us even though the kitchen was supposed to close. The breakfast was…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or160-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",i am traumatized after staying here,"i stayed here for one night the worst night of my life honestly, my mum and i dropped my daughter at uni and then the nightmare began don t be fooled by the marble staircase, we could put up with sharing a double bed........ but to have to share a cup and a towel we could put up with at a push  but once night time comes don t expect to sleep its like a brothel i too had not only a baby screaming but the dad screaming at it to shut up all night i hadnt read previous reviews but i wonder if they live there never mind sleep with one eye open we slept with both our eyes open and the door barricaded i am sorry but we paid £79.95 for this room no wonder they make you pay when you step through the door because otherwise no one would we spoke to the manager who never even responded to…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or165-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Fine for the night/base,"Me and my friend arrived here quite late to go to a party in nearby Shoreditch. The check in was fine and there were no issues.   The room is extremely basic but clean. The bathroom appeared to be clean and tidy.  We only used this place as a base for one night only, probably would not be able to spend much time in the hotel/room. Fine for the night if your out and about.  Shoreditch itself it up the road and a good night out!!  Limited parking!!!   Breakfast was slow but lovely!",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or165-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Avoid if possible,"My supposed double room was so small I could hardly turn round in it. The ceiling leaked and the carpet was wet. The bathroom smelled of sewage, the taps moved around when you turned them, and the shower was erratic in temperature. Staff barely spoke English and had problems understanding breakfast orders. They were totally inflexible over breakfast times, which didn't begin until 8.00 o'clock, and then were very slow serving. My room overlooked a busy petrol station with the tyre pump directly beneath my window - so frequently worken up by motor bikes. There is a hospital nearby too, so be prepared to be woken at all hours by ambulance sirens. The TV had poor reception and the room was airless. All in all, even for a 1 star hotel, this is a dismal place and a rotton part of…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or165-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Adequate,Stayed for 2 nights. Room was clean as was bathroom. Towels were changed each day. Breakfast  OK. Used ear plugs so was not bothered by any noise and slept well. Paid cash to avoid 5% surcharge on card payment. Not the Ritz but you get what you pay for. Staff were very pleasant. Overall good value for money - would stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or165-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Please do not use this hotel if you value your life..................,"Checked in paid for my stay in advance (hotel policy). Room filthy, bed smelled shower filthy, soap tray in shower filthy. No soap / shampoo provided. Next door had a baby in the room which cried all night. I could hear it easily through the paper thin walls. Towels so threadbare one ripped in half as I was drying myself. The room above was full of arabic sounding women who shouted and screamed well past 3 am in the morning. Last but not least the fire door leading to my corridor was jammed open - bad you may think but the reason for this is that THE HANDLE WAS MISSING. If that door had closed there was NO means of opening it in the event of a fire. THINK ABOUT IT..................  Best part of my stay was the london fields pub across the road. Very friendly staff, fair prices…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or165-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Clean, comfortable, free parking, great value","After reading mixed reviews for this hotel, I didn't really know what to expect... However, it was a great location for a night out in the Hackney/ Dalston area (planty of bus stops along the road). Beds were very clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was spotless too (although the extractor fan was laughably noisy). The walls are thin but earplugs easily solved that problem. Free off-road parking, friendly staff, and much cheaper than neighbouring hotels. If you're looking for luxury stay elsewhere but if you want a no-frills hotel for a night, you can't go wrong!",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or170-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!!,"After reading the other reviews I was actually dreading my stay at this hotel! I booked it as I was on a limited budget for a last minute jaunt to London and it was pretty much the only hotel in my price range. We couldn't find how to get there at first and pulled into the garage.  As I walked up the road I could see it behind the garage and worked out that you had to turn down the little road to the right of it!  You then turn immediately left into a tiny entrance which leads to the front of the hotel.  There's no car park as such, you just park on the concrete to the side of the hotel. The location isn't very pretty but the owners try & cheer the outside up with big pots of flowers. The reception area and communal lounge were clean as were the hall and stairs which are marble.…",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or170-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Really not that bad - I'm very picky and I've returned several times,"I'm an extremely discerning traveller (see my other reviews) but I must say that this hotel really isn't as bad as the reviews here, what on earth do people expect for £37 for a double room in London? We always stay at this hotel when we're attending the Lovebox Weekender in Victoria park due to its proximity to the festival and the low price. All we want is a crash pad and on the several occasions we've stayed I've found it acceptable in terms of cleanliness, comfort and service. Luxury accomodation it isn't, but it never proported to be.",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or170-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Hotel from Hell, Still","I’m afraid this hotel is as bad as the reviews it’s getting.  Thank goodness I only stayed one night, and that was because it was to late to book in to anywhere else.  The location of the hotel is not the best, its hidden away and finding the entrance is a bit of an exercise.  The lounge, lobby and stairwell is lovely, has lovely marble tiling, but it has no lift, and a lot of stairs, so beware.  You need to sign a contract before you have your keys, be careful.  There is a nice chap who will carry your bags up for you, which was a big help, as we were up the top.  Now down to the gritty part, the rooms are worse than living on the streets, at least on the street you can pick a semi clean floor.  The carpet was filthy, and not fit to walk on bear foot.  The curtains were stuck…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or170-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",quiet suuficient for my needs!!!,"I stayed at this hotel sa i was on a businnes trip from York in the locality of the hotel. I mad the booing through Booking.com at a very reasonable rate of 49 pound.When i checked in the hotel the staff explained to me that, they did not enter the guest rooms without their say so and i was to inform them when i wanted my room cleaned as guests didnt like staff entering their rooms as they had personal possessions. which i thought was quite reasonable when they explained the reason to this.  During my week stay my room was cleaned and towels changed as and when i requested.  the room was of a reasonable size and clean shower was working and hot water at all times no matter when i used it. which is a plus point as it was very cold outside. overall my stay was pleasnt and i would…",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or170-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",You get what you pay for...,"I started reading reviews after I had already booked it. I was quite concerned about the location, the staff and the room itself. Fortunately, it wasn't as bad as I was expecting. The hotel is a 15-minute fast walk from the nearest tube station. I walked at night and was not concerned at all (a lot of churches on the street). The neighborhood was fine. The staff was actually friendly and polite; however, I didn't need anything extra from them. They were a little slow at breakfast, but they were trying. The lobby and stairwell is quite nice as others have written, but the rooms need work: The headrest was disgusting, the shower a little dingy, the room small with no wardrobe or closet. However, knowing that you're not paying for a luxious hotel, you can set your expectations…",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or175-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","BEWARE! Disgusting, vile, hellish hotel!!!!!!!","The worst hotel ever!!!They try to fool you by having a nice lobby, with tiles. They make you sign a contact of stay and then you go to your room to the horror that awaits you. The room- FILTHY, smell of urine, stained headboard, dirty sheets, smelly pillow, filthy carpet, rude and unhelpful staff. I had to sleep with the window open because I could not breathe without wrenching due to the smell of urine. Absolutely horrific!!!! Should be demolished!!!!!!!",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or175-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Really a fine hotel,"All these bad reviews compelled me to write a review of my own because we found the hotel to be a perfectly fine cheap hotel. We were a couple with a 13-year old.  The furniture -- a couple of bedside tables and a bureau -- was a little dingy and broken down, but the room and bathroom were perfectly clean. We had two windows overlooking the backs of other buildings, but it was quiet. The shower head was broken in that the top popped off when you used it, but the staff replaced it immediately with a spare on hand when we told them about it. Free wifi. Good English breakfast with friendly staff. Nice lobby with huge tv if you're into that.   The location was fine. The immediate neighborhood has nothing of tourist interest. It's a short walk to historic downtown Hackney (not on…",Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or175-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",the worst hotel in my life,Since the first moment I saw it I realized that was a nightmare. Better sleeping under a bridge.,Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or175-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Extremely Poor,Stayed at the City Inn Express recently but will never stay there again. Looks like the hotel owner has spent a reasonable amount of money to refurbish the property but staff (Nights) brought it all down. We stayed at the first floor and were able to hear loud indian sort of music around 1 o clock in the morning. It was disturbing and annoying for a very long time. In the morning we had to queue for breakfast for more than 15 minutes outside the lobby door because the receptionist who worked the previous night was sleeping on the couch. The breakfast chef was trying to wake him up but he was so disrespectful that he didnt bother. At the end we had to go to the kitchen and request for breakfast. Absolute Disgrace!!! ,Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or175-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",this hotel is terrible.,"this hotel has no tea making facilities in the rooms, no drinking glass to even get a drink from the tap. Lots of money spent on the reception area and stairwell but the rooms are awful. The staff were very unfriendly and will rip you off as soon as look at you if you pay by credit card, they charged us twice for that facility! our room overlooked a corrigated, disused building and the hotel is situated next to an all-night petrol station (horns blaring etc) BEWARE this hotel!",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or180-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Left after 1st night!,"Very much like the other comments on this place, all looks well when you enter as they have spent a great deal of money on the lobby, lounge, and stairwell, but the accomodation is an entirely different matter.   Be warned! They will make you pay upfront and sign a Terms & Conditions form that waives your right to a refund for any nights you do not stay at the hotel. We were booked for 4 nights, signed the form and paid upfront. It's only once you've signed do you get a chance to see what you've paid for. If you don't like the room and they will not change it, then tough, you've paid and your money is theirs. Obviously they've had a number of people come and go earlier than they planned so now they need to secure the income on the room (even though they can sell it to someone…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or180-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Terrible,"AVOID AT ALL COSTS  Absolutely terrible, the rooms had no water! I don’t mean they had no hot water – THEY HAD NO WATER! When my colleague complained they said he should have let them know earlier, you simply don’t have the time when you’re working away AND they didn’t have room phones. ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or180-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Unfriendliest staff in the world,"The hotel was small and dingy, the food was terrible, and the staff just weren't interested in customer service. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! ",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or180-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Great value for money,"I have to say this is a great hotel and a real find for would be tourists. I was a little bit sceptical what to expect for this money in sunny Hackney!!However, it was clean, with good transport links and friendly staff who were very accomodating with our 2.30am arrival. What more can expect for this price. I booked the budget room for some friends from Poland. There was no wardrobe, which was good because the room was cosy to say the least. However for a place to make camp for a visit to London it is  perfect. Clean bathroom which is en-suite. The hotel has a beautiful reception with a large LCD TV. ",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or180-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Avoid.,"Not the nicest location off Mare Street, but that's not really the problem with this place. Although the lobby and stairways look quite fancy, it's a total dive. The (small double) room stank of cigarette smoke (in a 'non-smoking' hotel), the bedside drawers had been used as ash-trays, there was a cigarette butt on the floor in the bathroom and someone had thoughtfully left their dirty socks in a dresser drawer. The only clean thing in the room were the sheets and they had holes torn in them. The shower and loo seat were broken. I would guess the room hadn't been cleaned for quite a while. Cheap-ish, but avoid like the plague. ",Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or185-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London","Cheap, Compact but Cheerful","If your someone looking a cheap ""base"" hotel in London then this could be the place for you. The room cost the 2 of us about 100 pound for 3 nights, which is good for London really. Yes the room was compact with only a double bed up against the wall, TV stand and chest of drawers with a walkway to the Shower-room but it was modern and it was clean (but could have had a bit more of a hoover)   The hotel is situated close to the main road and on top of a petrol station so there are no views but it was surprisingly pretty quiet. The bethnal green tube station (central line) is about a 15 minute walk away up one long street which was OK but isnt to walk if you are going to be with kids, elderly or disabled etc. The staff where polite but could of been a bit friendlier at times, I…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or185-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",not  bad,"This hotel is not as bad as the other review sounds if you don't stay that long. We stayed for three days. The room was small, yes, but clean and the people at the reception were nice. For the price, you can't expect a super hotel in London! We were satisfied. ",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d605789-Reviews-or185-City_Inn_Hotel_Express-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"City Inn Hotel Express Reviews, London",Stay away,"This place is really bad, do not stay here. The first room we stayed in was so small one of us had to sit on the bed while the other changed. There was no wardrobe and no where to put our bags it was so small. The heating was never on.  We complained and got shifted to a slightly bigger room still with no heating. On the 3rd night (we booked a two week stay) a major crime occurred 3 doors up from us with the police invading the hotel. We were very unhappy aboutt staying there after that but were refused a refund as we payed upfront. They never cleaned the room unless asked and when asked about this policy they said that other people complained about having staff entering their rooms, not a very plausilble excuse. From then on the room was only cleaned when we asked. They changed…",None,1.0
