,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice Change to hotel,"Stayed in hotel back in 2017, had to stay again in emergency. Happy to see lots of changes. Contactless hand sanitiser at reception. Walls are painted. All old fashioned lights have changed with new LED lights, new lift. Rooms also have new furniture. hotel also uses a professional cleaning company to sanitize and fumigate rooms. Work is still being carried out in hotel. Will stay again if possible.",Date of stay: March 2021,4.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Was told to leave!!,"Was visiting and missed our train back home, after walking round decided to book hotel for night, came across this place, walked in and was promptly frog marched out after person telling me hotel was closed for refurb, clearly it wasn’t as there were people everywhere with cases /bags etc, I have since found out it’s being used to house refugees/immigrants which is fine, but why lie to me and literally push us out the door when I want a room? If you have nothing to hide why hide behind lies? Disgusting treatment and remember when the Government don’t use you anymore the public will remember!!",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolute trash,Stay away and find a real hotel if you want to stay healthy. The filthiest hotel of any hotel in any country I’ve ever had the misfortune. The best thing they could do is close the doors. It’s beyond saving. ,Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Said closed for refurbishment, it isn’t as full of ‘guests’","I visited this hotel, was greeted by an incredibly aggressive doorman. Over the phone they said hotel was ‘closed for refurbishment’ - this is a lie as the hotel is full. Who are the guests because the hotel is full! It’s a first when a hotel says it closed, actively is hostile to people enquiring to book and is full! LOL",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Steer clear - refugee hostel,Walked by hotel Lily today - seems to have been transformed into a refugee center with several bewildered looking men sitting around in the carpark and nearby areas picking their feet and talking amongst themselves and several more new arrivals getting out of a van.,Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Rees,My sister booked this hotel for my birthday I was so disappointed told not to book in till 2pm the room allocated had not been cleaned still dirty towels bin not emptied no clean bedding and was in total disrepair was allocated another room not much better no plug for sink curtains coming off the wall net curtains literally grey 4 single beds in a double room breakfast minimum 2 fried eggs and beans or jam on toast tea and coffee cold was all that was on offer on the plus side reception staff very helpful friendly and near to the tube station and other restaurant and pubs so sorry for bad review as the photos look so nice that's why we booked it would not recommend this hotel plenty of others in the close facinity,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Was doubtful but glad I booked this hotel ,"For the price & location this hotel was everything I needed & more, was worried due to bad reviews, clean bed toilet had TV hotel coffee & tea in rooms was extremely cosy, I stayed for 2 nights here as close access to Stamford Bridge. Earls Court Station a few mins walk, I'll most definitely be using it again ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not the worst but nearly,"Dirty floor under the bed not cleaned in ages, threadbare carpets. Dirty bathroom extract and a lack of hot water and no milk cartons for coffee. On the plus side sheets were clean (but still got bitten) and a decent location.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,OK to sleep in but needs better maintenance and restaurant,"I booked this at a good rate (£48.75) almost a year in advance via Booking.com as I was planning a good night 'out out' in Chelsea.  The place is similar to a Premier Inn but with just slightly smaller rooms. I booked a single room and was given a twin room which was handy for extra pillows.  However there were a few maintenance issues which I did report to the reception staff. The bathroom sink dual mix tap was loose, the shower head holder was damaged and struggled to stay high enough, and the radiator by the window stayed really hot despite adjusting the temperature thermostatic valve.  In the morning I went down for the inlcuded breakfast but didn't want it. They only provide cooked food (but not any sausages), no cereal or any cold drinks such as fruit juices.  This is not…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,HEALTH HAZARD!!!,"Terrible place!!! OMG! If you’re asking yourself: ”How bad can the place be?""  1. Don’t! TV remote didn’t work! 3rd world problem I know! 2. Bedside light didn’t work! 3. No plug in the basin! 4. Shower only used hot tap & still quite cold with low power!!! A good shower is a must have for me! 5. Very stuffy room - woke up with red eyes & a dry throat 6. Breakfast is on the basement level & expect a nasty smell when you arrive on the floor but that’s not all...you have a choice of Beans & eggs (fried only), with White bread toast which I don’t mind but it’s not for everybody! Don’t ask for juice - there isn’t any, at any stage! & The best thing of all!!! Is the lack of cleaning & Hygiene standards....apparent by the RAT GNAWED mini butter, (Photo provided) under the table!   …",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Old, broken and dirty","Normally my tolerance for dirt and broken things is pretty high, but this room was REALLY dirty. The carpet and furniture was full of stains of some undefiniable mattter (maybe you really don't wanna know...??). The window in the living room could only be partially closed and the window in the bathroom could not be closed. So it was really cold to take a shower in the morning. Especially, since there was very little hot water comming out of the shower head. The hotel was a bit cheaper than the other hotels in the area, but next time I would rather pay a bit more and stay at the IBIS hotel around the corner.",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Health hazard,Shocking hotel. Mould all over bathroom ceiling. Window locks broken. Bed broken. Moved rooms 3 times each time room got worse. Complaining was waste of time not interested. Breakfast was disgusting cold English breakfast no choices.  All hotels in region fully booked so had to stick it out for 2 nights.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't book the hotel,"This hotel is just a disaster!!! I just wanted a normal hotel to sleep but what I got is a room dirty,dump,stains everywhere and broken window Handel's !! I asked for a new room and that what you see in the picture was the new room . I hope someone will close this hotel !!!",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Shocking hotel ,"Shocking, booked at last minute for a birthday treat to London. The location is brilliant however, that’s all. The hotel needs knocking down and rebuilding it’s a disgrace. On arrival we were given a key went to the room, all the wallpaper hanging off the wall damp, and bathroom lights not working and toilet not cleaned still someone’s bowel movements in there. But to top it off mouse trap beside the window!!!. Moved rooms only slightly better but at least no traps. Now because was an experience. You go to the basement which on arrival smells so bad. It’s a case of walk in and find a seat. We went in and promptly got told off by the lady that was supposed to be looking after everyone. To say you could tell she hated her job is an understatement the grumpiest person you will ever…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Would never stay here again if someone paid me.,We booked a last minute room here and we paid £125.00. This room was not worth more than £50 a night. The hotel smelt like a certain type of drug all the way through the corridor the carpet was filthy/stained and the rest of the room was just vile. Breakfast was included but I would never ever ever eat here. Ever,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Was not one bit helpful,I booked a room for the wrong date. It should have been the next day. I rang to explain the situation. And they refused point blank to help me out. The took the money from my bank account. Knowing I could not use the date in question. They did not even try to accommodate me for the next day.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Fits the purpose but needs urgent upheaval,"My sister and I stayed in London for 2 nights and were looking for something central but not central-expensive. The fact of having English breakfast included was a plus. The photos depicted something very reasonable, so we went for it. Location is indeed excellent - tube, bus stop, places to eat or to have a drink.  The hotel has a funky smell, that we could not identify. One of the lifts had the electrical cables at hand. The doors slammed loudly shut, which was terrible for who was sleeping in the rooms closer to them. We stayed in room 222. The linen, towels and toilet looked clean, but the bedroom was filthy and decaying from top to bottom. The mattresses had severe dents, which turnt sleeping into a challenge. English breakfast was fulfilling and quite alright. Half the…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,This is a great location in zone one of London,"Hotel is very good - very close to the underground making connections to everywhere simple.  There was a small car park but we did not use it came in via train.  24 hour desk helpful as we were delayed and got in late.  There are two lifts this was a bit of a shock to the person I was traveling with only because they have sight issues and couldn't at first figure out the double door system; but, got used to it easily enough.  Rooms very warm and quiet had the window open all night to cool down a bit.  Best sleep we'd had in a while.  Free toiletries cleaned each day.  Coffee and tea in the room.  Breakfast is included and served in the basement between 7:30 and 9:00am; but we slept so well didn't get down there until 8:45 and were still serving people after us.  Breakfast was…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting hovel!!!!,"Went to stay here for an over night stay for a Christmas expo at London Olympia. We went into the family room we had booked through booking.com and turned around and walked back out!!!! Damp stains and cracks all over ceiling, dirty marks on all of the walls, dirty divan bed bases, disgusting, overpowering smell of cigarettes and damp, broken facilities.  The receptionist told me (I say that loosely it was more of grunted) to contact booking.com for a refund as that was the only way to get one, only to be now told by booking.com that tough, as I had checked out I wouldn’t get it.  Would not go to this hotel again if it was the only one still standing in all of london!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Run down but fit for purpose,"I recently visited on a works trip, I needed somewhere located very central without paying the central price which included breakfast. The hotel itself is a little outdated and run down and could use a up lift but for the price I paid I wasn’t expecting much, the room itself was ok with clean sheets, tv, coffee and tea facilities and comfy beds.  I didn’t need to use the storage as I was only saying the night however don’t think I would’ve as looked a little dirty. The bathroom was small but clean enough, no major concern however the shower was very slow so if above 5’5 you may need to crouch slightly but again it was only a night so not an issue. Staff were friendly and welcoming in reception and at breakfast. The breakfast was a highlight - cooked breakfast including bacon,…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Perfect for how much you're paying,"My mum and I have been coming to the Hotel Lily for several years now and we've always found it to be perfect for our stay.  The hotel itself could do with a few cosmetic touch-ups but the rooms are perfectly serviceable. The beds are comfortable and the sheets always clean. The rooms have a tv, wifi, a kettle with tea and coffee making facilities which are always working  as expected. The bathrooms are clean with instant hot water in the bath and shower. The towels are clean and replaced each day. We have found the rooms to occasionally be a little dusty around the edges but this is easily remedied.  The breakfast provided is well-cooked and plentiful and you can't really ask for more than that, given what you're paying.   The staff are very warm and welcoming and nothing is…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,worst hotel in london,"Lifts not working, which we were not forewarned about. The hand rails where unusable due to them being unstable. Also the corridors smelt of smoke, through out the Hotel. The door in to the room didn't open fully, the lock was also loose & had issues shutting. The bathroom door didn't open fully due considerable damage. Bathroom mirror, the bath where unclean, the shower was a trickle. The toilet had inadequate leg room and the toilet seat moved. The window did not shut fully at the bottom in the bedroom. There was a draw missing on the desk at the bottom. Not enough lighting smoke alarm was missing. When I came back in the room Sunday afternoon to collect my bags, the beds had been made, and the room absolutely stunk, it made me feel sick. So I was very pleased to be leaving…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Buget hotel near tube stations,Decent enough place. Elevator is small. Quite pricey as the hotel is already old but I guess the advantage is the place is near a bus station and 2 underground metro stations (west brompton and earls court).,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Lily ,"For the price you pay for a hotel in London you can’t really complain! The hotel does need a good uplift and the bedroom we had was rather small to move around but the bed was really comfy, although it would of been nice to have an extra pillow in the wardrobe available like other hotels instead of a cardboard box, which was rather random, but that wasn’t anything major we still slept extremely well. I would of liked a bit more options at breakfast like cereal and maybe some juice but again you can’t really complain when breakfast is included in the price. The staff are very friendly and when I did ask for extra toast and coffee they brought it straight over. ",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Just...Do not go,"So...  Me and my mother arrived to find the car park was ""full"". We could see a space but the receptionist wouldn't let us use it as someone would be coming back later. This wouldnt have been a problem if the Car Park wasn't full of the Workers Vans from the roadworks outside.   Secondly, the room was...well a complete mess. Mould, broken window latches, wallpaper hanging off the ceiling, faulty plug sockets, faulty light switches, old bed frames with holes, decrepid matress. Unfinished walls, fire alarm hanging off, holes in paintwork and to top it all off, if you are bigger than a size 14 UK you wouldnt get past the sink in the bathroom and if you are tallee than 5' 5"" you cant sit down on the toilet because of the bath.   Breakfast...well...it was an improvement since last…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Trip with friends,"Awful hotel  Immediately , the smell is overwhelming , stale cigarettes and lynx spray . This was before we even got into our room, the lift was barely working and absolutely tiny We got into our room , the bath is broken , the carpet smells like urine and cigarettes. The beds have black tiny specks and we immediately felt itchy upon arrival  Dropped something behind radiator and discovered a mass of cobwebs , old medicine packets , clumps of hair and god knows what else Also found hairs in bed  Crumbly Staines on towels and everything smells like someone couldn’t hold in their wee The smell of the hotel is barely bare able and it is overall a rundown crusty hotel that needs to be shut down  Scenes from American horror story .",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Reservation staff where very rude .,"Booked hotel over phone spoke to a Irish lady on phone and asked if I could book two rooms on first floor . My husband can't climb many stairs because of his disabilities if lift where to break,the lady said no problem as I was taking my grandchildren and I ask if rooms could be next door to each other no problem booked hotel.Day before going to hotel rang and checked if I still had rooms on first floor next to each other yes first floor rooms next to each other.Next day arrived Wednesday 25thseptember at about 3.30 given rooms 3 and 4 floor lifts not working.I explained to the Man at reception about my bookings and I sure he went deaf and just steered with a blank look then he said see the person who did booking ? Thank the Lord my husband had not been able to come on trip but…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel ever,"Just don’t go....  Don’t believe each and every positive comment: 99% it’s fake!!!  Worst hotel ever.... dirty, noisy, small room, worst hygiene I experienced, only 2 lights functioning, sheets changed every 2 days, stains everywhere, bathroom tap leaking to death .. so much things to say....  We should have listened the advice of Gandalf the Grey we met just before checking in: « run you fools! »",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Only as a last option,"Me and my friend booked this hotel for the last minute and it was fine if you are not too picky. Comfy beds, nice staff, really good location but after our arrival we were told that the elevator is out of order, breakfast are in the basement- they’re serving everyday the same food:english breakfast also it was not that clean as you expected from any other hotel for example there were dirty curtains, staircase, carpets and a water was not drinkable as we were told by receptionist however during breakfast staff served water for those who asked right from the sink.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Unhygenic. Cheap. Dirty. Unprofessional. ,"Room was dirty and horrible. Floor not clean. Stains of sauce on the carpet/floor. Stains on the walls. Lamps falling apart. Used tissues left on the floor. Broken ceiling. Broken window lockers therefore I had to leave my window opened the whole night. Worms/mosquitos/bugs behind the bed, in the plastic cutlery left in the drawer. Stuff for the coffee just thrown on the desk( did not use as it felt unhygenic as the rest). The scoop for the toilet wasn't clean nor emptied so you can imagine what was inside. Lack of sockets. Three people and two sockets which one was to be used by the tv. No working elevators. Funniest thing ever, I found number written on the wall by using a pen to indicate the floor. Service was so bad. As I checked in they didn't ask for a passport or any id…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"AVOID, absolute shocking stay and hotel had no interest in rectifying.","First room was filthy dirty with stained bedding so asked for different room at check-in. Second room was just as dirty with the addition of damaged & stained toilet seat! Hotel ""promised"" to clean room properly following day and replace toilet seat.  The toilet seat was replaced but the ""extra cleaning"" was not.  During the repairs and extra clean, the shower holder was broken and left broken.  So I've gone from broken toilet seat to now broken shower!!!   On top of this, there was a leak from the washbasin.  I asked reception twice to come a deal with and on my second call to them was told I would have to deal with it myself as the person on the desk would not be coming up to the room to even look at never mind help to sort it out.   It was suggested that could go downstairs…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Weekend family visit ,"No issue with the hotel, good location to West Brompton tube stop ... it’s a budget hotel... pretty good & priced for London! Ok .. decor a bit tired & lift needs a decent cover for electric wires  ... but bedding/ towels are clean ... breakfast was super quick service & dining room staff perfectly pleasant ... my only issue was around the booking... booked direct with hotel ( don’t bother... it’ll cost you more for cutting out the middleman!) I looked on booking.com selling rooms at one point for £30 less ... I asked the hotel to price match ..which I was told it was an incorrect price by Booking.com... untrue !... so cancelled & rebooked with Booking.com & had a snotty guy from the hotel reception staff call me back & tell me I couldn’t cancel,because I’d rebooked with…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible Hotel,"Stayed for one night. On arrival we checked in then attempted to get up to the room but the lift wasn't working. We had to take the stairs. On arrival at the room, it looked small but fine.  My partner sat on the edge of the bed and it callapsed. On closer inspection we found that the mattress base was broken and had been covered in cardboard to stop the mattress from going inside the base. The hotel was full so we couldn't change rooms and we was very tired so decided to try and cope with it. The room itself was not very clean. Dust in all the corners and around the base of the TV.   The room had tea and coffee facilities but there was only one cup, one glass and no tea spoons so we couldn't make use of the facilities.   The shower was over the bath. The bath had holes in it.…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible accomodation,"Tiny rooms, crammed furniture,no air conditioning during a heat wave, change the linen every other day, breakfast was supposed to be English but was no juice  cereal, croissant or rolls only toast,beans suasage and fried eggs.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Definitely a""budget "" options",This hotel was chosen basically for its location as we were hooking up with friends living locally for a theatre trip -stayed 3 nights-midweek  Wefound the room compact but clean-no decaf coffee supplied ( no evidence of rodents as in other posts ( maybe they've had 'rentokill ' in since reading some of the other comments ! The lift was definitely too small for a hotel and could not accommodate a wheelchair  I use a 3wheel 'walker and had to squeeze it closed to accommodate me and my partner-there is ramped access to the foyer but unsure if there are any ground-floor rooms we were allocated level 2 despite evident Mobiility issue! Breakfast was extremely basic and would recommend people with food intolerance issues that there is no alternative to dairy milk although they will…,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Michael,"Stayed for 1night only really bad experience could not get any sleep at all walls are thin, noise outside boom box from cars that are racing around hotel . Doors banging all night , I even went to reception to maybe try and sleep on sofa.went back to room then I hear man in next room shouting out window to pick up some girl darling I will show you mine if you show me yours go figure that was 4am  well I just been in hospital that day I definately picked the wrong hotel for some zzzzz will be pursuing a full refund.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AVOID ABSOLUTELY AWFUL,"Well 1 Star is to good but least I can do in options.  This was by far the worst place I’ve ever stayed. Where do I start!  The hotel corridors stunk of stale wet dog and cigarette smoke.  The room was tiny, the walls filthy and covered in marks. Plug socket loose on wall and only worked when jiggled with!   Bathroom door wouldn’t close and floor tiles cracked where someone had obviously tried to close it. Filthy grime and dust all over bathroom. Shower curtain falling off. Burn marks in bath.  Window in bedroom wouldn’t close so we couldn’t sleep at night as it’s on a very very busy road. 3 nights of 2-3 hours max was horrible.  To tootit off our bags were gone through on the first day ehikstbwe were at London Olympia and my driving licence was taken from my purse and the purse…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Looks great in booking dot com website. But DONT BE FOOLED,"I have my leg in a splint due to a fracture. I arrived at this joint and asked about parking only to be told there is a £15 charge. Altyat the time of booking it stated parking implying that it was free since no cost was stated.  In any event, I asked if I could bring my car in for a few minutes to allow me take my luggage to the room only to be told it would cost me £15 even for one minute. Essentially I told him about my leg and displeasure of his treatment and hobbled off to get my luggage from my car. No assistance was provided at all!! Then to add insult the room was a health and safety hazard with mould all over the ceiling and the walls looked as though someone had punched them! PHOTOS ATTACHED I hobbled back down to reception and told them that I didn't that room. I was…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Overpriced hotel with poor breakfast,"I booked for 6 nights. The room had 2 beds so I asked for a double bed. I was charged extra for that. I paid. The new room was much smaller than the old room and I think I was cheated by the hotel. The breakfast was also poor. It was not a buffet breakfast. For vegetarians, the only option was baked beans and bread with tea/coffee. No vegetable or yogurt was available. The hotel is very near to the underground and bus stop and you can reach the city center within 15 minutes from the underground.   The hotel seems old and not well maintained. The fittings in the bathroom were bad. The lifts were very moody. You kept waiting after pressing the button and nothing happened and you changed the lift. Sometime they would move on one press. All in all, I won't recommend unless you are…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Two night stay. ,A very tired hotel in need of refurbishment but was perfectly clean and staff were very pleasant and helpful.  For a two night stay in London I don’t believe anyone can complain as the cost was very reasonable indeed. ,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,a little dissapointed if honest,"Pictures must be very old...as room are very run down....and small. Only one person at a time can get out of bed and walk around. the staff on reception are not the most helpful or friendly. The bathroom, althouth adequate did have all mold in the corners... I guess this is normally used as digs for manual workers, on site nearby.  It is cheap, but for another £20 or £30 you can get much better.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Abysmal, filthy, unsafe lift.","Hotel was filthy. Unsafe lifts with broken panels and exposed wiring. More of a homeless shelter or hostel. Mould present in rooms. Bedbugs presence. Mice often seen. Terribly rude staff. Inedible breakfast served in basement - cold toast & plate waste is reserved. Tiny room. Threadbare carpets with holes. I simply cannot find anything good to say.  Read other reviews. This place needs condemning. Environmental health and fire officers called. A disaster waiting to happen. Avoid and go to the homeless shelter, it will be more comfortable and friendlier.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,budget but Unpleasant,"The hotel is good for what you pay, the receptionist in the afternoon is very rude and has an inadequate treatment with women, we were a group of friends in london and every time we arrived at the hotel and waited for the elevator or when we left, He used to say inappropriate things, inappropriate gestures and he made sounds mocking us, all very unpleasant, in Poland this never happens with tourists, you have to pay 5 pounds for luggage if you want to leave it there when you check out, close to the station. subway.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Low budget and a pleasant stay,"No, there is not much luxury in this hotel but the price was low, the rooms were clean and the breakfast (if you prefer the english breakfast) was good. The staff was friendly and gave good service during the breakfast. The underground of West Brompton is nearby.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,THE MOST DISGUSTING HOTEL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"The sink and lavatory had not been cleaned, had to clean them myself. Sink was blocked. No heating at all in the room. Infested by moths, also infested by rodents. A rodent ran under the bed, I went to reception to tell them, but the staff were dismissive and couldn't careless. Was utterly horrified at their 'couldn't careless attitude'. I was told ""they come from outside and get in under the doors, all hotels have rodents"". I thought this was disgraceful. Asked about getting my money back so that I could vacate the hotel, was told ""to speak to someone else in the morning and change the room, the room being offered was newly decorated"". This supposed newly decorated room had 'broken floor tiles', 'mildew on the bathroom walls' 'curtains hanging off'' 'stained walls', the 'water…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Budget ,"This hotel is really not that bad, for the price, this is London on a budget. OK it’s a bit rough round the edges but my rooms, sheets etc. have always been clean. It lacks facilities but that what hotels get “stars” for and then you start to pay £££.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Needs more improvements,"A friend stayed there. She told me the hotel was a nice hotel with interesting entrance and large lobby. The building was dated and needed more improvements. It is located in a good area with access to the public transport, shops.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Enough for the price,"my girlfriend booked this place for our weekend in london, the hotel is good compared to the price you pay, basic breakfast but enough, evening receptionist extremely ill-mannered and rude, definitely does not have the tools for public attention, the  Hotel is very close to the subway and supermarkets, to stay a couple of days is fine.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Eh....Where to start...,"Okay...so travelling from Manchester to Fulham for a medical appointment is...not fun. However, this ""excursion"" ended up being a...let down.   The lifts say they hold 8...wrong try 2, the beds were nicely made but there was rubbish under the bed itself.  Breakfast was...a mess.  The least picky out of us hardly ate a thing.  Then the parking....small. Tight. Very few spaces.  All round not good. Much improvements to be made.  5/10",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty room,"Dirty room,, shock as they was a mouse in my room,, seen and was chewing a old kit kat wrapper under our bed  from 2017,, told them at reception saying pest control are turning up never,,!!! Found the reason why and them told them hole in the wall!!",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Filthy,"Dirty room, terrible facilities, poor customer service, stay clear guys, pay an extra 20 pounds fora proper room where you can actually sleep and feel very uncomfortable due to cleanliness and lack of services, ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dreadful experience ,This place has the nerve to call itself a hotel. Dirty. A room so small it was like sleeping in a cupboard. The radiator was on full and it couldn’t be altered and the window was stuck so couldn’t be opened. Felt like I needed a shower after attempting to use the dirty bathroom. Breakfast inedible. ,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap not so cheerful,"cheap and dirty, stayed there with family as part of an emergency, cheap and good location, but that's about it. can do much better with more attention and some money spent on the premises.   I wouldn't recommend unless you can't find another room in London.  The reception staff not friendly at all.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Decent location - poor everything else,"The location of this hotel is very good. Short distance from a station which is served by the Tube, London Overground and even Rail services. Also a short walk from shops, pubs and other amenities, including the Stamford Bridge stadium, in case you are there to watch Chelsea FC play. Staff seems to be very friendly as well.  Then that's really all the nice things said about this hotel. It is in sore need of an upgrade, or at the very least a refurbishment. While the beds very fine to sleep in, you can easily hear the noise from the streats, and the nearby train station. Our room even came with a window that didn't close properly, and a radiator which couldn't be adjusted. Out of a total of 7 light bulps in the room, 3 were in working condition. The bathroom faucet wasn't…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not recommend ,We do not recommend this hotel.  The room is small and not clean.  The beds are not comfortable.  The bathroom is not suitable.  The hotel needs to be renovated. A breakfast is served at the table every morning.  It is well located in relation to the city and is easily accessible,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting ,"Easily the worst hotel I have stayed at, it was nothing short of disgusting. To begin with when entering the room it stunk of something and was ridiculously hot (the radiators were at maximum and you cannot turn them down) so we had to leave the window open all night and with traffic don’t hope for sleep. Then to top it off went to get in the bed and the sheets were covered in hairs so slept on top of the bed.  Went to have a shower in the morning then I saw the shower head and decided to give it a miss (pic attached)   I would love to say this may have been a one off but we had another couple with us that said their toilet was leaking all over the floor and stunk of sick along with ‘yellow’ stains all over the bathroom towels.  Even for the price spend a bit more and go…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Rubbish customer service, no manners","This place is and absulute joke, DO NOT book from here. After taking down my card details, proof of ID and reserving the for a new years eve for my girlfriend, it took me 5 days to try reserving the room and then they just said sorry fully booked !",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Overbooked, cancelled and awful customer service","I booked a room for a night, and chose the pay on arrival option. The night before I was due to travel there, I received an email saying they had cancelled my booking. I called and found that the reason was my card was rejected. I told them that I was to pay on arrival, then I was told the hotel was overbooked anyway and they hung up on me. I'd honestly recommend using an Airbnb instead; they're cheaper, more polite and far more reliable than this place.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Poor customer service - beware,"Do not book this hotel: I booked it in August for December and I recieved a booking confirmation. Less that 24 hours before my stay, it was cancelled with no explanation. Terrible customer service. On calling the hotel, they were not helpful and as the price of the stay had increased substantially, I can only assume my booking was cancelled to make more profit from the next customer.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"If you’re into swinging cats, find a different hotel...","Room was booked by my company for one week for work... I take it my company don’t like me... 😬. The room I was given is a double however if it’s just yourself I’d recommend a single as 90% of the 4 by 4 room was taken by the double bed (how they expect two people to stay in a double room is beyond me) which leaves you about a space big enough for an elf to store your case. It’s not all bad though, you really appreciate being alive after you safely (hopefully) get up to your room in the elevator or what can only be described as a mine shaft.  If you’re just staying for one night and not really bothered about a decent hotel and are just looking for a place to rest your head.... I would still suggest the ibis down the road 😂",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AVOID AVOID AVOID,DO NOT BOOK HERE! DANGEROUS! DISHONEST!  This is the worst hotel I’ve ever seen. And there is no one in charge. It’s so dirty and disgusting. How they operate is illegal. They don’t have a duty manager on site who deals with emergencies. In my room there was actual rubbish on the floor and the window wouldn’t close. There was dirty swipe marks of a brown or black colour over the door and bathroom. In the hall there were holes in the walls and exposed wires. The lift was out of date and and the fire systems were not inspected  DANGEROUS DISGUSTING AWFUL AVOID AVOID AVOID ,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid this hotel.,I checked in and checked out again within 30 minutes so go to another hotel.  Pretty much says it all.  Condition of everything in the hotel is so terrible that I would consider it a health hazard had i not checked out again.   I know the price is attractive but dont be fooled. This is not worth any money.,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,How is this place allowed to open,If you want a hotel with curtains hanging off the curtain rail? A shower that drips water? And a filthy hotel room then book this hotel. Sadly the location is great. Just invest in the hotel & charge more. This place should be shut down until it passes hygiene standards. Ps. The staff seem pretty ok ,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A health hazard!,"This place is DISGUSTING! I have never encountered such a disgusting and squalid hotel.  Questionable white stains on shower curtains, disgusting stained walls, filthy extractor fans, stinking sheets on bed. DO NOT STAY HERE!  I am filled with terror and relief as I think about the state of hygiene in the kitchen if the rooms are anything to go by.  I could not bring myself to stay here and am currently seeking a refund.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Plenty of scope to gild this lily!,This is a sub standard hotel. It is poorly maintained. It is expensive and a big disappointment. Poor facilities and in a state of bad repair with no secure parking. Only positive was the night duty officer/receptionist who was helpful. Find somewhere else. ,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AVOID AT ALL COST thief's !!!,"AVOID AT ALL COST, Most unaccommodating hotel ever !! I got lock out of my house, I booked a room last night 5 min after walking in to check in at 2am ! The hotel stuff told me they couldn't give me a room until 2pm and said that I should come back then ! where would I stay on THE STREET !!! for 12 hours !!! The guy at the counter said I would get a full refund ! and when I called this morning, the stuff said the directors refuse to do any refunds no matter what !! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND USE IBIS IT 2 MIN WALK AWAY so much more helpfully and understanding !!!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,World’s worst hotel,"Hotel Lily is without a doubt the filthiest hotel I have ever encountered.   The corridors were dirty, with towels all over the floor and bundled up propping open fire doors. The room itself was filthy, a thick layer of dust and dirt on top of the units, dirt on the floor , marks on the carpet, and what appeared to be bodily fluids on one of the headboards. The bathroom had no toilet roll or toiletries and the shower lacked any water pressure.   The saving grace was that the sheets appeared to be clean, but the covers did not fit the duvets or the mattresses.   The staff were unhelpful, unwelcoming and completely inattentive and there were large groups of men loitering outside the foyer for the duration of the stay, especially at night. Would not recommend for a solo traveller. …",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Suited purpose of visit,My sister and i were taking part in the Thames bridges trek charity walk and needed a nights stay.. found this ok online...cheap and cheerful I would say...it was clean and the beds were comfy..but we had to ask for teabags and toilet rolls for our room and the street noise was loud.  Breakfast was odd...no choice... tea or coffee...then presented with toast and a mini fry up....was ok..could of been hotter... the hotel suited our need for 1 night...,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel ever!,"I stayed here on a business trip, I had a single room, the room needs updating and needs to be cleaned and painted all again. There are burn marks in the bed head board from the over head lamps, my kettle has horrible limescale inside, the rooms are cold of the evenings, the fire alarm went off at 1am while I was sleeping because a guest was smoking, apparently he was thrown out immediately, I had an open electrical junction box with live cables out under the desk and only 2 plug sockets in the room by the desk, I had light bulbs out, hand marks over the walls, dust everywhere! There were also alot of flying bugs around the room aswell. I know it's a pretty cheap hotel but could expect the cleanliness to be abit better. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting - An actual crime scene!,"My partner and I had a last minute event in the local area and needed a cheap place to stay for the night of the event. While the pictures didnt look great, it was just for the one night so werent too fussed about it. However, on arrival it was clear we should have been very fussed!  One of the lifts didnt work then when we got to the room, the key card didnt work. Once we got into our room it wasnt big enough to swing a cat! The bathroom was horrible, the shower curtain and rail broken. The tap fixture on the shower was broken and the hose itself was leaking and the main lights in the bedroom didnt work.  To top things off however, there were in fact BUGSin the bed and bathroom! I dont know what they were but these little termite looking things were on the floor and in the bed…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Life in your hands,"Shocking shocking hotel. Normally stay in the Ibis but was booked out so stayed here for about a £10 cheaper. Sockets are hanging off the walls , bathroom tiles cracked and door is badly fitted. The room is dirty and cramped. You hear every noise from the windows frankly you are better and safer sleeping in a door way",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,SLEEP IN THE PARK - IT WILL BE A BETTER EXPERIENCE,"I booked 3 double rooms as we were travelling into London for a family event. I booked Hotel Lily as it was close to the event. WHAT A MISTAKE! The 'rooms' were the width of my son square, there was a hole in the wall, the cupboard that posed as a 'bathroom' was dirty (as was the whole room) with a filthy toilet seat, the extractor did not work but it didn't matter as the bathroom door did not fit the door frame so it was open all the time, the 'sleep' area floor was soaked on one side of the bed and 'sticky' on the other side. The bed itself was too tired and we both were pulled into the middle of the bed. The view of the car park was good so that we could make sure our cars were OK (the car park was the only endearing part of the hotel). The walls of the room were dirty and…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never 2 stars,"We stayed here as it’s in the area we wanted and I didn’t check trip advisor first. The reception staff on arrival were nice then it went down hill from there. Cramp lifts to room with cases that we had to go up separately. The room was so basic, broken toilet seat in 3 places and dirty bath and shower screen, all bits of different carpets put together to make one. Light in room was hanging from ceiling, mould around the skirting around the room, black in some areas. Kettle, milk , sugar all in draw but no tea or coffee. WiFi code didn’t work either. The smell in the basement in the restaurant area was so bad we decided not to eat in there so we cannot comment on the food, there was a terrible fowl smell. The one Ironing board can also be found in the basement area as you enter…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nothing like you've ever experienced!,"Like the majority of reviews given to this hotel, we too have to give this accommodation the lowest score possible unfortunately.   We booked a 3-night stay here because the hotel was situated right next to another larger hotel where we would attend a 4 day seminar/training in their conference room. The larger hotel was literally not more than a 100 meters away, so location wise this was our best option for the set budget. I think we payed around €70-€80 per night.  We realized that for this price you can not expect a 5 star, 4 star, 3 star or maybe even a 2 star room, but we surely did not expect a 1 star equivalent. We have stayed in 2 star hotels before and we feel easily comfortable with those.   To be honest, the staffmember at the check-in desk was very pleasant and kind,…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,beer festival bed and breakfast,"basic hotel, reception tatty, bedroom tatty, corridors tatty, lifts don't work properly, breakfast room tired, breakfast full English take it or leave it, no juice or cereals or cold buffet, staff ok, you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Exactly what you’d expect for a 2 start,"Just recently come back from hotel lily there was four of us 2 in each double room, we stayed for 3 nights. The staff were lovely and very helpful with anything needed. The hotel was clean especially the hotel reception. The hotel is great if your literally just looking for a bed to sleep on and a shower/bath. As this is all we needed. Location is ideal as not to close into the city, you have the buses and are frequent. But we tended to get taxi as easier. You were in walking distance of the closes town which had everything from fruit stalls to coffee shop and also some nice dinning areas. However we was not too impressed with the size of the hotel rooms as you had space to walk in and out of the room and that was about it also becuase the rooms were so small it got ever so hot…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Fine for one night,"Stayed one night, super location for us as we were visiting Olympia. It was 85 degrees when we arrived and when we exited the lift it was like a sauna as no air conditioning in this very basic hotel. The room was tiny with double bed against the wall. Fixtures and fittings need serious refurbishment. Windows old and not double glazed and had to be left open all night due to heat, so unable to sleep due to street noise etc. Breakfast was in the basement restaurant and was not too bad, toast, preserves, one slice of bacon, a sausage and egg of choice, I’ve had worse. All in all ok for one night.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never ever book a room there again,"I booked a room in that hotel by booking.com. Right after booking I noticed a mistake and immedietely canceled and it took less than 2 minutes. But they charged me the whole price and was not no way willing to offer me a refund or a room for the dates I needed, even with discount. The manager was exteremely unfriendly and clearly didn’t care at all about customer satisfaction. I never ever book a room there again.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Super OK,"For a weekend stay in London for a good night of sleep, Lily hotel is a good options. The room is small, as many other London hotels, but for the price, you get what you pay for. Honest and nice friendly crew. If you want just a OK hotel to sleep after a long day walking and exploring the city, Lily hotel is a good option. The area doesn't have many things to do, but the metro station is quite close and you can get to Westminister in 10 minutes with the Tube.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value stay for a couple of days,"The hotel staff were great. Rooms average but comfortable and clean.  With one pillow and one towel, so ask for extra. The room was also  very warm, which was expected for the current heat wave but as the hotel is also right next to the main road and opposite a bar, it's pretty noisy.   Close to the tube and offers a breakfast, which when busy is one coffee and a full English (one bacon, one sausage, one egg, beans and toast) it's enough to start your day but if like me you need more than one coffee then it's a bit lacking.   There is a Tesco metro in walking distance to stock up on berveages or any items you need etc.   Uber in to London cost £10.50, tube cost the same for two.   Overall average but comfortable.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Good value, good location and great staff","This quite basic 2 star hotel is perfectly located beside West Bromwich tube station on the District line so ideal for central London. Without air conditioning the rooms are very hot in summer so sleeping is difficult. BUT the staff are wonderful, helpful and friendly and the breakfast is good and service so fast. Great value for a very basic hotel in a great location.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Pay the price if you want luxury!!,"Reading other reviews I begin to wonder what people’s expectations are?  This is a two star hotel at very reasonable rates!  We had a two night stay in a twin bedded room.  The bedding & towels were clean and beds comfortable.  The room may be in need of refurbishment but that too was clean. TV, Wi-fi, Kettle all worked fine and breakfast was very good.   Hotel Lily is situated close to the tube and as we wanted somewhere to lay our heads after a long day at Wimbledon this was ideal.   Every member of staff we met was pleasant and polite.  I’ll certainly use it again ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't book it,"Recently stayed 2 nights here,  although the staff were friendly and polite,  the room was a little questionable.  For a twin room,  there was a  cup for tea/coffee, asked at reception for a second cup,  to be told the restaurant was closed (8.30pm) so could only have polystyrene cups. Next morning we requested for 2 to be put in the room, 3 were put in with 1 saucer, and I  teaspoon. The towels in to bathroom had holes in them the first night and the second they were hand towels only! It's not easy drying yourself with a hand towel.  There was no plug in the basin,  the shower temperature was not constant, there was a fusty smell when the shower was running, the room was in need of renovation. Breakfast was either cooked breakfast or toast, no cereals offered and it was cooked…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,0 points / don’t book!,"Being 9.30pm I sent an email of a voucher and I was told that they would print it. I came and the “person that works at the reception” has already left. Then why do they say they would do it if the will leave?  Besides, none on the two elevators worked so........ you can be waiting for hours..... as I show you in the phot. it’s an excessive price for how badly they treat you. Very disappointed! I asked for having breakfast early and they said “well try but we don’t guarantee you anything” I prefer a horrible hotel and good people rather than this  Fortunately I only booked one night ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Great staff, but super tired hotel - luxury can not be found here","I stayed here for 2 nights last weekend. The staff were helpful and very friendly. I can’t fault them for it but the hotel. My goodness. I don’t understand how the basics of cleanliness can’t be adhered to! The staircase is dirty, the lifts are tiny and dirty - u can literally see the wires that operate lift! The bathrooms are small and come with some sort of fabric as a shower curtain which isn’t fit for purpose. There was obviously no soap/shampoo and we had to ask for an extra towel as there was just one on arrival.   The breakfast was terrible. full English breakfast (1 sausage, 1 bacon, scrambled eggs and bacon) which came with some very stale bread. Repulsing. The dinning room also looked incredibly dated and creaked a whole lot.   I decided to ask for an iron and was sent…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Correct value for cost and expectations,"Hotel Lily suited our needs for a conveniently-located place to sleep for two nights. We found the reception and other staff helpful and pleasant; our twin room and facilities were clean; beds were comfortable; no problems with the shower or bathroom. We didn't need parking, and not wanting to rush in the morning, had breakfast elsewhere. True, the stairwell carpets need replacing and one of the lifts was a bit slow arriving. But overall, our experience does not match that of other reviewers. If you're looking for more than a budget hotel, then this is probably not for you.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and Nasty,"This place is a real dive! I stayed here as I wanted to be close to an event I was going too. It was the only hotel available in the area, and not I can see why. It was cold, cramped and the mattress was terrible. This has been my worst hotel experience ever. They have no vegetarian or vegan options and don’t cater to any dietary requirements - not that you would want to even eat here. I don’t like giving bad reviews to places, but honestly - this hotel needs to sort out the basics. The kettle was full of dirty teabags and shoved in the cupboard and when I told the service desk on the way out, they seemed unsurprised and just said sorry. Terrible atmosphere and I could go on and on but I’ll leave it there. Avoid. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worsted nights sleep,"The reception is unwelcoming, the lifts dirty, arriving on the corridors to the rooms to be greeted by stained carpets, a tiny rooms badly decorated,  a shower head and taps that haven't been properly cleaned, the shower temperature fluctuating between scalding and freezing and did not sleep well as the springs in the mattress were popping through...a bag of spanners would have been more comfortable..... ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dreadful stay!,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Had to pay for parking even though this was on the booking already. Was meant to get a double & single bed room but had 4 singles, sink didn’t have a plug and the taps were hanging off. Bathroom was full of mould and very dirty, shower was full of dirt and very powerless. We went down for breakfast at 8.30 (breakfast finished at 9) the woman came to take our order and we were told it was ‘full English breakfast’ so my partner and mam ordered theirs, but me being vegetarian I didn’t know what my options were, I seen a couple sat eating scrambled eggs so I asked for scrambled egg on toast, the woman came back to me saying it was too late for scrambled eggs they aren’t doing them anymore, so all I could have was toast. The staff were very rude and…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,SMALL ROOMS,"Me and my wife stayed in this hotel in May 2018. the room offered to us was a tiny 10 x10 (approx) room, with no space to walk. at check in the receptionist first offered us a room on higher floor, inspite of my booking request for a lower or ground floor room since we both have knee problem. initially he said its not available and went on to give us a room on higher floor. immediately my wife saw a board hanging on the lift behind us which said its not working due to some technical snag. on insistence, he finally gave us a room on the ground floor. mind you, the lift was still not functioning on the third day when we left. the cleanliness in the room is poor, there was no sugar sachets placed in the tray for the morning tea/coffee. the toilet door was not closing properly…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Well located hotel.,"I stayed at this hotel for two nights in May  2018. The hotel was very well located, just over a minute walk away from West Brompton tube station. The room was clean, comfortable and quite spacious. The furniture and fittings were slightly old in appearance. The only problem in the room was the TV remote control did not work properly. The breakfast served was satisfactory. The hotel did not have a bar, but bars and eating places were just a very short walk from the hotel. The price charged was reasonable by London standards. Overall my stay here was a pleasant one and I would certainly consider staying here again on future trips to London.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Customer Service Terrible,When staying at a budget hotel you only expect it be clean and the staff to be polite. From a cleanliness perspective the room was poor with several aspects of the room decor badly fitted or broken. Being someone who stays in hotel on a regular basis this expected.   However in my 20 years of staying in hotels around the world I have never encountered a hotel receptionist so rude with an active contempt for customers. Their attitude was don't ask me any questions because your wasting my time. When asking why it was necessary to supply my telephone number on the booking form I was told that within the room were many items of great value.   This strange thing is the only thing of value was a tv that was bolted to the wall. Interestingly when you book into the hotel you given a…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Economy Accomodation,"If you are simply looking for inexpensive accommodation then this is the place for you. Ideally located on the District line just one stop from Earls Court. Rooms in need of a facelift but bed linen and towels were clean. Decided to opt for tea and toast on the second morning as the cooked breakfast was not the most appetising. However as said if you simply want an inexpensive place to rest your head, then this is ideal. Staff on reception were most pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible!,The person at the reception was very rude. The sheets and carpet were very dirty. When I got to the hotel the elevator was out of order and the receptionist chose to look at me instead of telling. The window of the oven was broken and not closing. All the noise outside was heard from the room. I was on business travel and really did not sleep at all. When I went down to breakfast in the morning the basement flooded. people were having breakfast in the restaurant full of dirty water.  I certainly do not recommend it to anyone.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money but not as good as your bed at home,"Central location, close to District line West Brompton station. The accomodation matches the price being clean but old and cramped. Breakfast was adequate with toast with or without cooked breakfast which was an egg, bacon, sausage and beans. Appreciated staff advised to swap to twin room after we found that double room was so small that two suitcases would not fit. No charge to change to twin room from the booked double. The first room offered, room 006, stank of smoke which was another reason to change the room.   Typical of English hotels, no safe or fridge in the rooms. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Unfair criticism ,"I spent 4 nights on my own in a single room.It was very small but if this was Paris it would be tres chic.What do some people want ? It’s very well situated.My room was clean,plenty tea and coffee.TV was fine.I wouldn’t want to live in the room but you’re in London,you’re out and about! Breakfast was limited but very nice ( if you like a fry , I do !!! ) served with a smile particularly by one man who would be an asset in any dining room. I was worried when I read the reviews after I’d booked but to be fair I paid less than £200 for 4 nights in Central London with a breakfast and was very happy with my treatment.Perhaps my room was better than others but I would use the hotel again if coming again  Seán  Dublin",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,What do you expect if you pay peanuts in London for a hotel.  Get. Real!,"I surprised myself for booking a ‘buget hotel’ but as I knew the area decided to take a chance How glad I did as the phrase ‘ never judge a book by its cover’ is so true of Hotel Lilly. Despite the peeling plaster on the stairwell or the fact the lift goes only as far as level 3 and you need the stairs to level 4 rooms. This is a well run and clean hotel.   Bedroom are spotless, instant hot water in the bathroom, importantly Free WiFi, in the hotel. TV and tea making facilities in the room with more than enough tea bags and milk.   The Full English Breakfast was well cooked, tasty and plentiful, with coffee refilled and extra toast offered. Coupled with a fabulous location for London with great bus and train routes close by. Very helpful staff and a great nightly rate for the…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,SHOCKED & APPALLING,Cleanliness appalling - shower didn't work but I would not have used it if it did as it was clogged up with soap and human hairs - windowsills were filthy - light switches filthy - carpet dirty - tv was smashed in corner and 25% of it didn't work.  We were not told we had to be down for breakfast by 9am and when we got into the dining room were refused breakfast at 09:10hrs. We booked a twin room and we had four single beds instead.  The staff were told of our concerns when we were going out for a meal and the football match and we were offered to change rooms but it was too late to do this.  Other customers were also venting their disgust at the state of their rooms.  When we left I informed the staff at the front desk of all I was not happy with and they refused to refund us…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,So so,Good for an overnight stay but nothing more. It's a bit run down and the elevator ride was very scary because the door wouldnt close (had to take the stairs during the entire stay because of the scary elevator). Free breakfast was fine.,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Shocking,"The key didn’t work, walked into room the bed was squashed up against the wall. There was s hole in the wall and price stickers on the wall. The room was grubby and in desperate need of updating. The bathroom wasn’t much better.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disappointed ,"At the first glance the hotel seemed rather nice, when you walk into the lobby it’s nice and open spaced.  The reception staff is not very friendly or professional. When booking the hotel online, there was a specification on the payment method. We have selected to pay on the day by cash, when checking in was told that the funds have already been taken from the account. After specifically stating that would like to pay via cash when arriving at the property.  The room is rather disappointing, the pictures on website aren’t anything like the actual place. The hallways of the hotel are damaged, badly painted. Carpets aren’t hoovered.  In the room there’s dust everywhere, hair everywhere, badly cleaned, if at all. There’s only two plug socket and that’s by the tv. TV with a remote…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Photos are nothing like the rooms,"Firstly I’d like to point out that this hotel is false advertising online. I personally booked the room on 14.03.18 and on arrival to the room it was nothing like the photos online. The paint work is peeling off the walls and around the windows, the skirting is hanging off the wall and the woodwork is pushing itself away from the wall because of how damp it is, the walls are damp as were the beds, the ceiling light wasn’t even fitted correctly and was hanging from the ceiling and the room smelt like mould and musty dampness. We were so disappointed our only other option was to sleep in the car as we had late nigh arrival. I’m not sure what room number it was however when spoken to the manager of lily hotel she suggested room 323 and said it was given to us on mistake….even if…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and cheerful(ish.),"Is it tired? Yes. Is it a bit run-down? Yes. Does it need updating? Yes. BUT, it's location can't be faulted. It's very close to the District Line at West Brompton and a relatively short walk to more lines at Earl's Court. My room was clean...old and tired...BUT clean. The staff I dealt with on reception and in the breakfast room were perfectly pleasant. The breakfast was adequate, 1 sausage, 1 piece of bacon, 1 fried egg, baked beans and 3 slices of toast with butter and jams washed down with coffee and orange juice. I stayed in room 209 which is at the rear of the building so couldn't hear road noise which may be an issue at the front. All in all, this place won't win any awards but for a night or 2 as a place to lay your head and grab a bite before heading out for the day it…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Better than made out,"I normally use Premier Inn for business, but on this occasion my client booked me in here. Having read up the reviews I was cautious. No need to be; many of the reviewer's can't have much else to do with their spare time Arrival was friendly; clean, fresh sheets and towels, room clean. Having read previous reviews I looked for signs of mould - very small spots could be found, but no worse than I've seen in most hotels. Perhaps a quick onceover with a spray wouldn't harm. Breakfast was from 07:00, but when I went down at 6:55 there were already half a dozen people there. Immediate service, food nothing special but quite adequate. Coffee good. As a previous reviewer has said there isn't any cereal - not the end of the world. Shortcomings - very few.  Room was rather cramped and I…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The best bit about it is leaving...,"Ok so my weekend wasn't ruined, all I needed was a bed and to be fair 130 for 2 nights bed and breakfast is as good as it gets  Dirty Unfriendly Small Noisy Unhelpful Moulding  It's that bad I won't give you the story...  If you really don't care then stay but I reckon there are better hostels... other than that, stay clear!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Awful!,"I will tell you the best bit, I did get a full refund, partial from the Hotel and the other half from Booking.com. I have never been to such an awful hotel, when we arrived they had a massive flood in the hall. Apart from the floor being wet, we had no lighting on the stairs, the window in the bedroom would not close! This was reported but due to the bent metal, it would not shut! All night we could hear the traffic, they didn't even bother to try and shut it! Even the bathroom door would not close.  I would not stay there ever, I would rather camp out all night! Just so bad, I could write forever what was wrong! I don't know how they stay in business!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stayed in better hostels ,"So to put this into context this was a football trip with mates so all we wanted was a bed, working shower and some form of cleanliness. However because it was that bad I'm going to list all of the faults.  1) The receptionist was abrupt and had a shirt on with a visible nike t shirt logo underneath  (classy) 2) The lift was like something from faulty towers and felt like it could break down at any stage  3) Blood on the walls in the corridor 4) Harry Potters cupboard was bigger than  our room 5) I literally could not fit my knees between the toilet and the bath so had to endure squatting  6) The toilet then wouldn't flush untill the following morning  7) A stool was provided however impossible to get out due to closeness of the bed to the desk 8) The shower head was disgusting…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money - not recommend if you want luxury surroundings ,"Value for money - not for a family  holiday.  I would recommend if you need a cheap and cheerful overnight.  I paid 55.00 for a night so great value.  Breakfast is cooked with no other options including cereals, so be aware.   Excellent staff helpful hardworking staff, however hotel requires full refurbishment, in quite a poor state of repair.  Good bolt hole for a night in London.  I would recommend with children due to the poor condition of the hotel.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,OK on a Budget,"This Hotel is OK if you are stopping in London on a Budget, in fact if you are working in the area it is hard to beat. I have stayed a few times and the staff have always been polite, it also has parking for a small premium. If you are not happy with what you get for what you pay, get real this London !",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Overnight Stay,"Needed a no thrills B&B for the night and I booked a single room.  On arrival they were still cleaning rooms and I was given a double room on the 2nd floor. I noticed that they had the decorator's in upgrading some rooms. Mine wasn't one of them but it was clean and tidy with a kettle and tea/coffee. I was out for the evening and on return as I exited the lift I was nearly overcome with the sickly smell of cannabis!! Looking forward to a good nights sleep, I was disappointed as both mattresses were past their best and lumpy. Hot shower in the morning followed by breakfast. Orange juice, bacon, egg, beans & sausage with plenty of toast and 2 cups of hot coffee. What more do you want for £52 !",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DIRTY,"This is absolutely awful!! Very dirty, stains in the bed and floor. The hotel stunk of smoke and marijuana!!  The staff was so rude and very unfriendly!!   Would never recommend this hotel, wish I would of paid the extra for a clean friendly hotel. Felt very unsafe.  Please avoid HOTEL LILY. Not good at all. I hope they see this review and make some improvements. ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Okay for the money,"As London hotels go this isn't going to feature much in the best of guides, but if you're on a budget it's okay. The room was small but clean, the bed reasonably comfortable and they do have off road parking. I would have scored it higher but for the breakfast, which wasn't brilliant and the staff couldn't speak English.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Quite Awful,"Even allowing for the generally poor reputation of budget hotels in London, the Hotel Lily is pretty terrible. There is almost nothing to recommend it, except that it does have limited parking (at £15 a night for cars, £20 for vans), and the breakfast room is interesting with a rather art deco feel. Otherwise the room (103) was small with very limited storage, the twin beds (with just one pillow each) lumpy and uncomfortable,  the décor in desperate need of refurbishment, and the ensuite bathroom tiny. There was no plug in the sink, and the one spare pillow was thin with no cover. The room faces a large bus station, and the very busy Lillie Road under the windows was really noisy. The heat in the room was stifling, but the radiator had a broken thermostat and was difficult to…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DISGUSTING!!!,"The hotel is awful. Fags everywhere, unclean bedding, damp and peeling walls, the smell was awful, dirty and ragged towels, no plugs for sink and bath, 1 teacup no condiments, holes in bathroom door from being punxhed by the looks of it. Would not reccomend staying here atall... pictures speak for them selves filthy windows that didnt close properly, stinking bathroom and fag buts all through we didnt even stay here as after complaining about our room we were offered a smaller room in the same state for the same price. Very unhappy still have not received a refund dont stay here!!!",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One night stsy,"I work in London and generally stop over 1-2 nights each week. I pay for my own travel so my budget is tight and looking for a budget hotel in London is challenging at times  The hotel Lilly is not grand or luxury by any means, however it does provide clean rooms at an excellent rate  This place does receive negative reviews, however my experiences staying here have always been positive  I generally pay around £53 per night, I usually get a twin room, which is decent  I have stayed in hotels which cost more than Lilly and they have been appalling   I have always received a good service, it is a budget hotel so you do need to structure your expectations  Parking is available and there is a cost, there is also a cost for storing your luggage   I will continue to use ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible,"The hotel has a convenient location, but the staff is not friendly, the rooms were dirty, and  the facilities were awful. Example hair in the bathroom, no water pressure in the shower and barely hot water. The hotel is not very expensive but you can find much better for the same price.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,TERRIBLE!,"Room super dirty! stains on the sheets which we requested to be changed but even the new ones had stains on them. the bathroom was dirty (especially the seat). No hot water in the evening and even if there was, the water pressure was so low! one of the radiators in the room was not working. we requested to change our room and the other room was just as bad as the first one. The breakfast is HORRIBLE! the plates, cups and forks were so dirty. the kitchen serving staff were grumpy and would not give you extra cups (since our room had only one coffee cup and 2 glasses and we were three people). You can hear the noise outside since the windows can't be fully closed. The location is 40 minutes away from Wesminister station.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Convenient location to West Brompton tube station,"Stayed for 5 nights in May. Simple hotel in a very good area of West London. Breakfast had some limited options but good for the amount paid. Rooms were very simple, ideal if you are just going there to sleep. Just a 1 minute walk from West Brompton tube station allowing easy access to Central London. A supemarket and 3 restaurants also just a 2 minute walk from the hotel. Places to visit closeby : Wimbledon tennis courts and Chelsea FC Stamford Bridge.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Adequate for the price, excellent location.","I booked for the location as I needed somewhere for one night in Central London. Some of the Previous reviews caused me a bit of concern. The location is excellent, just 2 mins walk from the tube. The price was very good for London. Booking in was an easy pleasant experience, the staff cheerful and efficient. I booked a single for £60 for the night. The room was a twin room with television, on suite bathroom/toilet, tea and coffee, soap, towels, very comfortable bed with duvet. I had a great nights sleep and breakfast was included. Yes the hotel is well used but my room, bedding and towels were all nice and clean, just a bit old. All in all very pleased and I would have no hesitation in staying again if I needed to be in the area.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Very nice and friendly staff, but hotel in need of a bit of TLC","After reading all the bad reviews on here about Hotel Lily, we were a bit concerned as we had paid for our stay up front with no refund. We got a lovely welcome from Faisel and he was very friendly and helpful during our 1 week stay. Our room was fine,  with clean beds,  but it could do with a bit of updating, specially the bathroom. The lifts are also in need of some repair work. The rest of the staff was so friendly, specially Mary, Franco and Isabelle. We did not get to now the names all the staff members. The breakfast was good, with a full english.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not sure if it gets to you or grows on you,"Stayed here for 2 weeks during an event at Olympia. At GBP60 including breakfast it was really cheap, but the single room is nothing more than a bedsit.  It probably had the worst bed I ever slept in and it felt more and more lumpy the longer the days progressed. The shower with its low pressure was also not to welcoming. What did improve over time was the service I received as I came to be seen as a regular. If you need a place to sleep and shower and spend the rest of the time sightseeing, this works perfectly as it is close to West Brompton on the District Line. But if you are going to spend time in the room, look for an upgrade",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and cheerful for a few days,"Rooms in need of an update, had 3 rooms for family one had no toilet paper was told they had to pay for it by staff the tv did not work so they got moved then had toilet paper in that room, no hand towels provided, no cups in room or hairdryers. Breakfast was not to bad no cereal and cooked breakfast was 1 sausage 1 piece of bacon 1 eggs (scrambled or fried) and beans, toast and jam (no marmalade) but it was warm staff not very happy rushed off there feet dining room not huge but only 2 waiters to serve everyone so sometimes we got our own extra toast and tea ourselves, close to bus and underground so good location",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Average,Not much to say about the hotel. Beds are comfortable. Please remember to bring own towel as their towels had black marks on them. If you are looking to spend a night then not a bad place. Room floor had a pothole which was noticed by stepping into it. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap for a good reason,"You get what you pay for! No thrills, everything is basic, only use for a short sleep, quick shower and exit. If you can afford better you should not stay here. My mistake not booking somewhere else inadvance. I found the staff impolite and unhelpful. I arrived at 11pm and was out at 6am need i say more.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting ,The worst place iv ever stayed rooms were filthy the bathroom was disgusting shower had thick green mould and lime scale mould in the corners rooms were hot and it was very noisy also ther was what i can describe from the smell sewage poring down the stairwell walls and light fittings and in the breakfast hall it had also started dripping through can safely say won't be stopping there again ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Bed Bugs ,I stayed in this hotel for one night. The doors in the corridor on the forth floor were held open with white bath towels. The room had two single beds in and was fairly basic but this was fine. The price of the room reflected this. In the morning I discovered I was not alone in my bed! There were Bed bugs!! I checked the spare single bed and also found a bed bug. Needs a thorough cleaning and would be good if the manager cared.,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Greed,"I had booked a stay in London at the Lily Hotel. Booked as usual with booking.com, as I myself have a working relation with booking.com, being a hotelier myself. Being a citizen of what is perceived a third world developing country – I need a visa to enter UK. Which is not a big issue – or so I thought. On this occasion I was not granted an entry visa despite my previous 5 year multiple entry visa to the United Kingdom. I contacted the hotel to see if we could cancel my booking. Mary at the front office informed me that I have to talk to booking.com.  Contacting booking.com, they inform me that I have to contact the hotel to cancel my booking. Already here I begin to see the contours of dishonesty.  I contact the hotel through booking.com mailing system asking them to cancel my…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get what you pay for,"Stayed here for a couple of nights in Oct/17. Can't say anything bad as you get what you pay for this close central London. The price was fair, the room had been recently updated, the check-in was painless, the location is fantastic for public transport to and from either Gatwick or Heathrow, great english breakfast included in rate. The staff was amiable and helpful, especially the restaurant staff who packed me a breakfast to go as I had to leave early one morning. The only negative is the hallways need to have the flooring upgraded.The elevators are a bit small.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Theatre Weekend,"I really cannot find the right words to describe this place. You cannot call in a hotel, Hovel yes. I have stayed in some rough and ready places but they were all for free. We arrived to be informed they had had flooding and we were on the top floor no lifts. The stairwells stank the carpets were threadbare the room was atrocious to say the least toilet dirty all in all i have seen cleaner toilets in Nepal. Breakfast was a joke down in the basement  where the de-humidifiers trying to dry out the lift shaft serious trip hazard no warnings and the lift shaft doors were open with about 2ft water in the bottom how they thought de-humidifiers would would god only knows. went in to the 1970's breakfast room to be met with tea or coffee and the breakfast was brough no choice nothing…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Speechless!!!,"My trip to London on 20/21/22 October was a last minute spur of the moment thing to attend a seminar at the Ibis almost next door.  I normally read a review or two but rely on my own opinions...... What a mistake that was.  I would never have booked if I had known.  The man that was on duty when I checked out at 6.30 this morning was very pleasant... the only one! The staff were obviously hindered by any guests there!    When I arrived on Friday I noticed lots of rubbish in the unkempt front garden area, and the signs were tatty and peeling, but thought ok not pretty but not the end of the world.  There was a blonde lady on duty who was disgruntled.  Her idea of help and guidance was to give me a key card and a green card and say ""you are in room 114 on the first floor""   I got…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Communication were terrible.,"I have previously stayed here and was not happy, but this time I booked the wrong hotel, I cancelled within 24 hours with the understanding that i would not be charged. Once I was aware the money had been taken out of my account I contacted the hotel who would not provide a refund, and ignored all further communications. Thankfully I booked through booking.com who I contacted and after 3 months, booking.com provide a refund. I can not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Needs a massive makeover,"Stayed here for one night while I went to a concert.Was dreading what I was going to find after reading the reviews.Although it is in a bad state of decor ,the sheets were CLEAN.The bed was comfy.The room was small and the bathroom tiny.The shower looked awful,but I had a shower and I'm still alive.!Water was hot ,towels were clean but very worn and frayed.Breakfast was prompt,my friend had the hot breakfast and said it was ok,I just had brown bread toast.Tea and coffee and orange juice.Staff were polite.We arrived early,and we knew we were too early to have a room,so we left our cases and hit the shops.Came back around 5pm to collect case and get ready to go out.Next morning we wanted to shop again ,so we checked out and left our cases ,but this time we had to pay £5 per case…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,What you would expect for the price ,I stayed here for 1 night recently with my partner. The hotel wasn’t amazing but what do you expect for the price you pay for London. If your looking for somewhere to have a base whilst in London or to get your head down for 1 night this is the place. The rooms aren’t huge but again enough room for 2 people. Bed linen was clean but pipe was showing in bathroom which didn’t bother me personally. Staff were very approachable and friendly.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dreadful hotel,"The worst hotel I have stayed in.  On arrival we were told the room wasn't ready as it was still being cleaned, although what part of the room that was I don't know. The wash hand basin was dirty and the water didn't drain away, there was scum in the kettle, mould on the bathroom tiles and the window frames, wallpaper peeling off the walls, the carpet was stained, electric socket coming away from the wall...the list goes on. Don't book it",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One of the worst hotel I have ever been,"When I booked I did not realize I would have slept in a room so tiny you could hardly move with a toilet that was small as a boat toilet. The personel used to eat at the front desk while answering the client request. The breakfast was only english breakfast without any option like fruit or cereals. If you are vegetarian you will be able to eat only beans. It was the first hotel ever in my life charging 5£ for each luggage left in deposit and the explanation was, ""we don't have much space to keep it""... why I have to pay because they do not have space it's still incomprehensible to me. I would never suggest this hotel",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A hotel not to be considered,"I well understood that this is a budget hotel but the overall condition of it was so poor that it could under no circumstances be taken as a hotel. The paint of the external wall  of the corridor was peeling off. The lift door could not be closed by itself, and you must help to push it. There was not even a plastic cup provided in the bath room for tooth brushing. The water flow of the shower was weak. The staff was cool, if not unhelpful. Never, never try this hotel. 這是一間經濟型酒店，但也實在太「經濟]了。走廊的外牆油漆剝落，电梯門卡住，花洒水力弱，浴室連一個膠杯都沒有，可說金玉其外。職員十分冷冰冰。",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,-5 star Hotel. I have given it 1 rating because I cannot give -5.,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in! Horrible rooms. They smell. I had to buy a air freshener and keep using it at least twice daily. They had a coffee maker in the room which had its filament completely covered with some kind of liquid. I had to get that changed which took 24 hours. Horrible front office staff other than an elderly lady named ""Marie"". Only English breakfast. They don't even have cornflakes! Lifts don't work or if they do and you are on the first floor, all the best closing the outer door of the lift. The showers in the bath are leaking. Rooms are not cleaned on a daily basis. And I can go on....and on....and on.....  TripAdvisor, Hotels.com, Booking.com, expedia.com etc......please take this hotel off your listing.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,There is a reason why this hotel is so cheap in the centre of London,"Very poor hotel, very dirty. I actually found loads of used plasters on the floor of the bathroom which of course I was not going to touch. I went down to reception to ask someone to remove them for me and I was asked ""Why, are they stuck down?"". Digusting, no way would visit again. Even for the price!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Was I lucky? ,"I stayed T the Hotel last night, and to be honest after the reviews was dreading it.  Once there and again this morning, I wondered whether I was in the same hotel as some of the previous reviewers.  Yes the rooms are very small, but my linen was clean, room tidy and clean, kettle and tea and coffee there. no milk!  A bit of noise outside in the late evening, but this is a hotel in the middle of London and you shouldn't pick a hotel on the LHR flight path! Anyway it stopped at 11.30 and began at 6.30.  The breakfast, although slow was delicious. Hot toast, great tea, perfectly cooked eggs and bacon and fruit juice. I'd suggest a look at the dish washer though, sugar crystals in the bottom of the cup. Changed immediately.  Slow because they dont have a place where you grab…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,This hotel represents good value for money,"I have just returned from a stay at Hotel Lily with my husband. Our room was small but we only used it as a base as we were out all day sightseeing. We returned to the hotel during the late afternoon before showering and heading off for a night out in London each evening. We had breakfast each day and Franco who was in charge of the dining hall was very warm and welcoming and attentive. Franco could not have been any more helpful. We had tea and toast and an adequate full English breakfast. Our bedding and towels were pristine, the bed was comfortable however if more time had been given to cleaning the bathroom it would have made our visit perfect. The hotel itself looks very tired and in need of a major redecoration programme throughout. Nonetheless the price we paid for London…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Recent stay,Having booked the Hotel lily in West Brompton London for a short 3 day stay in London. Bought and paid for with a non refundable booking I read a few reviews with regards to the Hotel and started to be concerned what I had discovered from other people's experience. I emailed the Hotel and was assured by the manager personally guaranteed I shall have a pleasant stay. Well on arrival booking in was straight forward. Lifts are very small. On reaching our floor which was on the 2nd floor I started to get alarmed the condition of the corridors dark dingy and walls had knock marks with plaster chunks missing.  On entering the hotel room the state of the room was not what I expected and I have stayed in far better 2*  hotels. The decor I can only describe as being amauter diy…,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty!!,"Dirtiest place I have ever stayed in , unfriendly receptionist on the check in , broken shower & filthy ( see pictures) dirty towels, smelly and hair on the bed ! Overall it just need to be demolished really  ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never again hotel,"Having a workhop in London I decided to get there a day earlier, to get some extra time to walk thru the city and see the places I saw so many times but still enjoy. Since the rest of the accomodation was paid by the firm(will do an article about that hotel also) I looked for a relatively close place so I could switch hotels fast the next day and still get some time for a coffee or maybe lunch in London. After checking many places on Booking.com I made my reservation for one night at Hotel Lily, 22-33 Lillie Road.  Bellow my review touching the points I consider essential: •	location: this is a plus, you can easily reach it from either West Kensington metro or from Earl's Court metro station. The hotel is close enough to Old Brompton Road and there you can find many places to…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,VALUE FOR MONEY,"we stayed for one night, last minute booking. price was very cheap in comparison to the other nearby hotels. very good transport links, and staff was very helpful. breakfast was nice. room was clean and cosy. will recommend.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ok for the price ,"For how much we payed for the night I was not expecting luxury but I have payed more and got much worse in London, the hotel was safe clean and quiet. The staff were friendly and very helpful and let us use the car park after we checked out for the whole day without charging us extra which I felt was very good of them. What has made it a 3 star review tho was the extreme lack of maintenance there was a lot of things falling apart or not working and also I booked on a third party website which stated on their site and in my booking confirmation that I will pay on arrival and it didn't have to be my registered card but upon check in found they had just taken payment through that card which did annoy me a bit. But if your looking for a safe place just to get a nights sleep then go…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money - low budget hotel,"Basic hotel exactly as advertised i was happy with bed which was comfortable. It was adequate for what i paid cannot grumble at all. Breakfast was also included in the price, room was clean but small.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap for a reason,"We're staying in West Kensington and did not want to pay £100 for a night which appeared to be the going rate.. We booked this at less than half price of other hotels in the area so had low expectations which were met.   On arrival the sign said Hote Lily. The missing l gave us a Fawlty Towere feel.   Our welcome was two members at reception who ignored us while sorting out some admin. We were then greeted in surly manner. It took an age before we received key with no attempt at a smile  The lifts were rickety and just about accommodated 2 people.we chose to walk thereafter.  The room was fine.for what we paid for. We had tea making facilities , glasses and towels. Our only issue was room was uncomfortablly hot with no away of adjusting temperature. The bathroom sink was blocked…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Don't believe what people wrote on websites, you must see yourself .....","On arrival we were greeted by friendly  lads , no problems quick checking , we were given a room in 3rd floor. both lift worked . it was clean ,warm room  with comfortable bed . enough tea / coffee facilities in room . water pressure was ok . had a good sleep , no problem what so ever . on next day morning i had breakfast in restaurant  .it was warm and enough english breakfast . we stayed there for one night , it was perfect for me and my wife . i just can't understand why people complained about this hotel . yes it is 2 star hotel  with basic facilities , for the price i paid that was great , if you want more luxury , you better pay £ 100 +  and stay in 4 star hotel .  great place , great staff , i will recommend it to  others . ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"An ok hotel, would nor recommend","Positives: The room was clean enough. The price seems ok. Negatives: Old bathroom, everything works, but just about. Breakfast room does not seem very clean and the breakfast itself was not very good. Water stains on the cutlery.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,First impressions okl,On first looking at the hotel thought not bad for the money and area but then the true facts started to arise. On arrival lifts were not working had to walk up to top to get room room was very small and bathroom dont think my room was cleaned as the was piece of paper leaflets in room no tea or coffee. Breakfast was served to you a cup of juice a cup of tea or coffee one piece of bacon some beans and a sausage and some toast not help yourself. The building and hotel could be a lot better if they spent some money on the decor and maintenance of the building  very run down and had a bad small and in some places look very unsafe would not stay again. Also very noisey from outside on main road and people slamming doors.,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not what you would say acceptably clean,"We started with lifts out of order due to flooded basement... Of course ""the largest rooms"" are on the 4th floor so we had to take pur luggage all the way upstairs. The stairs smelt like stale beer and were full of spitted chewing gum, which I thought was a clear message by the Customers... The room has filthy and torn carpet, the ved runners look like they have been used as rugs before, the bathroom/toilet had no towels nor tissues nor wipes of any sort. No sign up to show the toilet had been cleaned before. It does not look dirty BUT considering the rest, would you feel ok sleeping in such beds and using auch bathrooms? I can tell you, you wouldn't.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Harrowing,"When we arrived we were informed due to flooding lifts were out of action, shame they could have told us, No help with this is here or that is over there, We found our box oh sorry room one way traffic if my wife moved i had to wait for her to get on the bed  so that i could move, Bathroom paint flaking bath chipped all together horrendous, then a knock at the door another couple trying to get in given the same room number hell this is cosy. but first come first served. All in all travelled all over the place to some third world countries but this is just ............. Breakfast is only served between 7 - 9 arrived in basement tea or coffee wife had pot tea me a coffee then he arrived with 2 glasses OJ asked did we want full English oh yes please that arrived in 5 seconds 1…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible Room,"Other than a fairly decent location (excluding the noisy road, and the construction work going on at the time) the hotel had very little to offer in terms of the room. Nothing at all like the pictures they advertised on booking.com, the room felt incredibly dirty, with stains on the walls and ceiling, broken furniture and a carpet which hadn't looked like it had been cleaned in years. I didn't dare try the breakfast, as the restaurant was located in the basement... Next to the open lift shaft as there had apparently been flooding there a few days before.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ok for an inexpensive Central London hotel,"Though I live in the North-West London suburbs, I needed a central London hotel on the night before the London to Brighton cycle, as I had been allocated an early start time.  I didn't want to pay out a significant sum and my researching found 'Lily' as the cheapest option.   The room was basic but the bed was clean and comfortable, and the shower warm.  Breakfast was served quickly too and was good.  The staff kindly let me chain my bicycle to some railings outside which were in full view of the reception desk, so I knew it would be safe.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very poor,"Surly staff, extra charge £15 per day for car parking! (well, staff told us £15, but the card in the room says £12 - maybe they're taking a tip?), terrible breakfast (full English is baked beans, rubber egg and inedible sausage - no bacon, no fried bread, no mushrooms, no tomato, no hash browns) - asked for coffee refill 3 times and it never came.  Loads of rubbish outside hotel.   Bathroom wasn't clean on arrival (and no soap, no plug for sink).  No tea making facility in room.  Cleaning of room after first night consisted of a casual putting the duvet straight.  When we complained the response was that it's ""not my problem, I wasn't on duty this morning"".  Manager ""unavailable"" and ""uncontactable"".   I've stayed in better quality ""youth hostels"" in the Middle East than this…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not great ,"The booking in process was very poor, the booking was not ready & they didn't have the right details. The room was ok but no hairdryer & not enough towels for the 2 of us. The breakfast area, service & food was not good, wasn't bad but not particularly enjoyable. It was a fine stay but I won't be going back. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid,"Well, what can I say about Hotel Lily? It's in a fairly decent location, and reasonably priced for a hotel in London... That's about it. Wish I'd read some of the reviews already here before booking up! Rude, unwelcoming staff; I'd go as far to say incompetent. Had to endure a whole palaver over a mix-up with our booking, handled very badly by the receptionist, who was I might add; rude, surly, and indeed useless all round, AND in the wrong the entire time, yet unwilling to concede he'd messed up. I will say that our room - although small - was fine, and clean, but I certainly won't be going back.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,What we needed at the time.,"We stayed here for 3 nights after our air bnb accommodation was all mucked up and we didn't have anywhere to go. We were looking online for hotels in the area as that is where we needed to be. We found Hotel Lily and was so glad they had rooms available for our dates. We checked in and was given a room on the first floor. We took the lift which was very small and cramped. We decided to take the stairs after that, it wasn't a big walk for just the two of us. Our room was small for sure, but it was all we needed. We didn't have a fridge or anything like that, but luckily we didn't actually need one for this stay. Our sleep was okay, there was some noise from other guests but we managed okay. The breakfast was a little disappointing though. A full English was a half English, I only…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,do not waste your money,"on arrival only one small lift working. our twin room smelled damp and musty. the bathroom was sooooo small an dirty, with some sort of plastic strip stuck around the bath and the door would not close. black mould all around the windows and on the spare blanket.  Two cheap dirty pillows stuffed into one pillow case on the bed. If you want a cup of tea or coffee no milk is supplied and only one teaspoon for two people to us. We only had one glass and when I asked for another one I was told no you cant you have to have a plastic cup. Fire doors were open because they were rubbing on the filthy carpets. second lift broke down during our two night stay. Breakfast don't get me started .Hotel seem to be mostly occupied with construction workers. The whole hotel and staff need a…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Lily ,"We stayed here for one night only. If you are looking for somewhere just to lay your head and fairly cheap and clean then this is the place for you and the shower was fab.  Ladies however, if you are wanting to dry your hair or iron a garment then take your hairdryer and iron with you. The room was teeny tiny too. Only one lamp worked. The kettle was broken and only one cup and glass with no cutlery provided.  The staff were extremely helpful and approachable where needed. The breakfast was pleasant too. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Shocking,"Tiny rooms, dirty floors, unwelcoming staff, poor lifts, lights not working, poor dining room, etc, etc. Really nothing good to say about this hotel. Rather stay away! I will not be returning. Ever!!!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A pleasant surprise,"This was a rush same day platform  booking prompted by yet another train cancellation. Customer service at the hotel more than made up for the inconvenience. Exceptional willingness to help and flexibility. Allowed mobile phone check-in so that I didn't miss my pre-paid event. Smiling and welcoming even at 3am and a can do approach to practical difficulties. Rooms are clean, comfy and some of the best working showers in London. Not stylish but resonable and in a central location. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Better then I expected,"I honestly saw pretty bad reviews and was a bit afraid but kept the booking. The reception is available for 24 hours which is awesome as I got stuck in Luton airport and got to the hotel roughly 4 hours after landing in London. The hotel seems to be handling some maintenance issues, but was still clean and safe. I had the English breakfast without the meet for breakfast, which was very feeling, the coffee was good. I was on the 4th floor so I had a great view from the windows, however, the lift only goes up to the 3rd floor so it was difficult to get my luggage on the 1st day after such a long day. The room was huge with 5 beds, while I was by myself but I enjoyed the extra space. The good things about the room: Good beds, always had hot water, clean, good housekeeping. The…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Rating is -0 (DISGUSTING - PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS UNSAFE JUNK-YARD),"RECEPTION Staff - Rude and unprofessional / lack basic good manners EARLY ARRIVAL before check in a 2PM – NOWHERE TO LEAVE YOUR LUGGAGE – Manager (Mary) suggested to leave my luggage OUTSIDE the reception area OR PAY £5 to put in their UNSECURE side room – What an irresponsible suggestion! Didn’t take up HER offer! BUILDING - Inside on way to rooms is SMELLY with ROTTEN smelling corridors and DIRTY sticky carpets – I had put ALL my luggage on my bed.  Thank GOD I had a pair of SLIPPERS. Entire building needs to be demolished/then rebuilt /cleaned/refurbished and the current ‘staff’ all replaced. BREAKFAST – Are you kidding?  Never even contemplated having ‘breakfast’ there on my arrival! I really value my stomach and health. TOWEL – Afraid to use it - let MY entire body air-dry,…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One night in London,"The hotel was well priced so we booked it . It's in a good location near to Earls Court so you can get around easily from there. The rooms are very small and scruffy. Everything is worn out and tired. The bed is pushed up against the wall it's so small. There was a water leak when we were there. This lasted all night and into the morning. The lifts were out of action as a result. No-one seemed too worried about it. The breakfast was awful. No choice just warm orange juice, sausage, bacon, beans and egg plus tea/coffee/white toast. The restaurant is in the basement and was scruffy and not very clean. The crockery wasn't too clean either. There is a small car park under the hotel which was good. Not sure if I can recommend staying there or not. Depends what you expect. If you…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Decent. Very good value,"Went to a concert at stamford bridge with my wife and admit I was very worried after reading negative reviews. Got to the hotel and the staff on reception were very friendly. Our room was small but all the reviews said this so it was expected. However our room was functional, clean and tidy. The decor in our room had recently been overhauled. The hotel is only 400 yards from the tube and perfect for our needs. When we got in for the evening, the hotel was quiet and we got a decent nights sleep.  Full english in the morning wasnt great but sufficient.  At the end of the day its all about expectations. If you go expecting luxury then you are in for a nasty surprise. However if you take my attitude that it was the cheapest hotel around and you only need basic accomodation then you…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A WEEK AT tHE lILY,"The twin bedded room was quie small, not much room to move around. The en suite was also small, it had a bath with shower over, It had no grab bar to hold when getting in .The Breakfast was advertised as a full English breakfast. There was no cereal just eggs ,bacon sausage and beans with toast tea or coffee and a glass of orange juice,  All the staff were very helpful especially the ones on reception. THE FIRE DOOR OUTSIDE MY ROOM WAS WEDGED OPEN BY A TOWEL AND ALTHOUGH i MOVED IT SEVERAL TIMES IT WAS THERE AGAIN NEXT TIME.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible place!,"Hotel is horrible. I don't believe the reviews which were written positively. Everything smells bad. Room looks bad. The place feels unsafe to leave belongings.  Carpet is in a bad condition, thank God I brought a slipper with me.  DO NOT STAY HERE!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and cheerful ,"Stayed at hotel Lilly for couple nights 9th-11th June room (102) I honestly don't know why there's so many negative comments on here about hotel Lilly I thought it was good actually paid £130 for 2 nights  Check in and out very quick no hassle rooms clean paid for single but got 2 beds in my room, I'd say only downside is the lifts very very old, and size of rooms not biggest but it's not tiny overall I'll stay here again don't let the reviews put you off it's a nice place and you get what you pay for👍🏻 ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgrace ,"Stayed one night at this hotel which was enough, appreciated it's cheaper than others around but it was so dirty and needed extensive repairs to most of the furniture with bleach required desperately in the toilet my farm back home is far cleaner  Never again ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Fine for a short budget break,"I stayed on a Friday night in June, needing budget hotel to rest my head for a group meeting the following day. I must say I find many of the negative comments on this site unfair and unnecessairly over the top.  The hotels position is excellent - a two minute walk to the underground station and only three stations from the big Kennsington museums and the Albert Hall.  It is very much a budget hotel, with no frills, and rather tired in appearence. I did find it, and my room in particular (320) acceptably clean and safe. Yes the walls were marked and the fittings generally rather tired and in need of renovation/replacement - but it was definitly not dirty, and neither was its linen or towels.  My room, which was booked as a single but was equiped with a double bed, was very small…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Only stay if you want just a bed for the night!!!,"Good points:- 1. Friendly staff on check in. 2. Comfy bed & extra pillows if needed. 3. Short walk from tube station. 4. Short walk into Fulham. 5. Clean bedding. 6. Maids serviced our room ready for second night of our stay - with clean towels, bed made & extra toilet roll.  Bad points:- 1. Room only just big enough for the bed! 2. Bed slotted into corner against a wall which had some wooden edging left on it - I had to sleep with a pillow​ between the bed & my knees so that I didn't scratch my knees on said piece of wood. 3. Bathroom degraded & needs a refit. 4. Faulty electric light over bed (room 006). 5. Wardrobe dirty. 6. Restaurant old, degraded, dirty & we could see faulty lights hanging off the ceiling.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A very pleasant stay. ,"I have read many poor reviews on the Hotel Lily, and have to say that in my opinion those reviews are unjustified.  I paid £75 per night for bed and breakfast and that is what I got.  The room was clean and comfortable with ensuite (shower and bath), tea/coffee making facilities, TV and telephone.  Breakfast is served in the basement of the hotel, which is a beautiful room. You are greeted by the staff with a glass of orange juice and tea/coffee as you arrive, they will take your order for either a cooked breakfast or cereals and it is always served nicely cooked. Toast/butter and a selection jams and marmalades are always placed on the table.   Parking at the hotel is very expensive at £15 per day, but I used public transport as the hotel is very accessible by that means.  …",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Experience ruined by exceedingly rude waitress,"The hotel is within walking distance to a tube station which is definitely handy.   Once we had checked in we received no instructions on how to get to our rooms and it wasn't very well sign posted either. We had two rooms here and in one of the rooms there was no toilet paper. The place itself was small and stuffy but did the trick for one night (don't stay for any longer than that!!)  The following morning, we went downstairs for breakfast and were greeted extremely rudely by a waitress. The first thing she grumpily said to us was ""why didn't you sit at the table set up over there"". We hadn't noticed a table that was set up and ready to use on entering so we offered to move but she bluntly said ""don't matter now"". She then proceeded to give us four orange juices when there was…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Great Location, Not Perfect But Clean and Good Price","First of all I would like to thank the manageress for changing my dates free of charge, as I came to watch Chelsea play, and at the last minute they changed the date. My stay was fine, room was clean, every thing worked, breakfast was ok, location fantastic as I normally come down to watch Chelsea. I would book again especially for the price.  Its not the Hilton, but its fantastic value for the location",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not how it looks!,"The rooms look better in the photos but mine was aweful! Burn holes in the headboard where a broken light had landed and clearly wasnt fixed, rotting wood, things falling off the walls and dirty wipe marks all over the walls.  Told I couldnt have an iron in my room becasue of the ""carpet"" and health and safety, so told to go to the basement, which was outside the breakfast area and was still set up when I went for breakfast.  Was also firmly told to shower with the door closed or I would set off the fire alarm and it would be my fault?!  Staff were stern, no smiling or welcoming...  Didnt go for breakfast the 2nd day as it wasnt great.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A disgrace - Trade Descriptions Act,"The pictures on their site make there rooms look pretty good, maybe I was unlucky but ... 1) The room was extremely small, the width of the bed and a bit to stand 2) BBC1 London didn't work and I was visiting LONDON ! 3) Under toilet seat was stained and disgusting. 4) Shower taps were loose and curtain stuck to you as there was no room to move. 5) Sink taps were loose and very little hot water came out.  I am not one to complain hence I actually stayed in this room but it was disgusting, cramp and if I hadnt been staying myself I'd never have stayed there. I urge you to look elsewhere for a hotel, this place is REALLY bad !",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very VERY Basic,Was only hotel with a room available at the time. Only positive was that it was cheap - for very good reason! Breakfast finished at 9am sharp - therefor can't comment on quality! Cant add any more than previous reviews.,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Excellent hotel, fantastic and accommodating staff.","After an absolute nightmare at a previous hotel we arrived at the Lily Hotel in a bit of a state. The staff were extremely polite, helpful and did everything within their power to help us out of our mess. Even though they did not have to, they gave us an extremely large room for an extremely reasonable price. The room was clean and spacious and very smart. As was the rest of the hotel (reception area etc). I really cannot praise the two staff members enough on reception at the time. They were fantastic and I'm very grateful for all they did.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Spot the difference ,"As a regular business traveller, I'm used to hotels not quite living up to the impression their websites give. However, this hotel takes artistic license to a whole new level.   Below are a series of photographs. Some are from the website, some are from my own camera this morning. Can you tell which are which?",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Simple is ok, noisy dirty old broken is not","We stayed one night and that was enough.  The pictures on the website show you a decent simple ok place. They don't show the dirt and lack of repairs. It was 50% less than Ibis next door but definitely not worth the 90£ per night we paid for a twin room!   The room 202 was on Lillie Road which is a non stop traffic Road Day and night. The windows are so poor and old that you hear every single wheel like it is running in your bed. You also hear your neighbors sneezing , thankfully there was no partying neighbors that night. The beds were ok and we had extra pillows. One of the pillow cases was put inside out just showing how little they care about appearances. The extra blanket was laid with no packaging on the closet floor where you normally put your shoes... The carpet looked…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Definately avoid!,"I don't class budget hotel at £115 plus £15 to park.  I would never stay here again - it is the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in.  No toiletries, no hairdryer.  Mould in the bathroom.  Paper peeling off the bathroom door, which also hit the bath every time it was opened.  Extremely noisy!  Restaurant is under ground and filthy!  We got down there and decided not to bother eating.  The guys that serve you are in jeans and dirty un-ironed shirts, with no customer service what so ever!  Would never stay here again - very very poor at any price.  Breakfast isn't free - its included in the cost.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Lily..................................,"Not one of Harry's better choices .................................  If you want a very cheap budget, yet convenient room near central London then the Hotel Lily is the place for you.  The bedroom furniture seemed reasonably up to date; however the carpets, curtains and general décor needed a major upgrade as does the whole hotel.  I found the staff friendly and willing to help. I had to call out the maintenance team and within 10 minutes my minor problem was resolved.  Breakfast - no choice except a small traditional English breakfast served hot, with plenty of tea, coffee & toast in a restaurant/dining room that could also do with brought up to the 21st century.    Despite all this, the Lily Hotel is in a very good position in West Brompton, good buses, train & tube access to…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible service Avoid at all costs!!!,"I have never written a hotel review, however the Lily hotel must have the worst customer service that I have ever come across, they say that you get what your pay for and this hotel in my opinion is simply a disgrace. The staff desk or manager should undertake hospitality and customer service training. My advice to anyone thinking about staying here no matter what the deal is to avoid at all costs. Have a look at the other reviews if you see "" dirty"" and ""awful"" there must be a reason and i can confirm from personal experience the customer service is diasgraceful.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Dirty, awful","I don't want to come back there. I had to spent in this dirty hotel few days because of my work. When I asked guy at the reception desk for a taxi, first he didn't want to help me, then he called for a Arabian guy with private car... Loud, dirty rooms, not working elevators.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice little stop over !,"Although this hotel is not very grand. It really could do with some new decor .. the service was very good. The rooms, whilst not exactly spacious , were clean and had everything you need.  The hotel was the least expensive in the area and included breakfast - again this was very basic and I really enjoyed it . Small glass of orange juice, eggs, bacon beans toast and jam ..and a pot of tea  perfect !",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not As Bad As I Thought,"Having read reviews on here I tried to unbook my stay. As it was a non-returnable rate I opted to check it out first. I arrived at 11am just to get a feel of the place. I was greeted by a pleasant receptionist who booked me in very early. The lifts are not sophisticated and nor are the stairs, but my room was a clean twin. In fact, it had been bleached clean and smelled very fresh. I had no dust balls as in another 4* hotel I stayed in last month. There is tea/coffee tray but no toiletries. I stayed two nights and had fresh linen and towels. This hotel was ideal for me to take a 20min walk to Olympia and didn't stretch the budget. It is a budget hotel in London and worth what I paid, £107 for two nights. One of my worries was being alone and seeing people review the fact,…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worth the money,I stayed here for 4 nights in January 2017 and found it to be well worth the Money. The Hotel itself is fine though needs a bit of updating and the breakfast is okay but for what I paid it was ´more than adequate. I would stay here again without any hesitation,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Akin to a hotel in Beirut during a war!,"I sort of paid a visit to the hotel to see a mate who as staying there for two nights after I suggested the place as it was near to a venue he and his mates were visiting about 600 yards away. Now the place looks OK-ish on the outside, then as you get into the very dated reception things only get worse. He was staying on the fourth floor which meant that you had to use one of those lifts you see abroad that is tiny and only has a door that opens out with no door on the inside....lethal for your kids if they make it that far!   The corridors are dated with some dodgy ""The Sweeney"" decor, for one moment I thought Regan and Carter were in a room somewhere! Now, this hotel is in effect a workmans hotel so expect to see lots of Hi-Viz and builders. From being a chippy myself for a…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and basic but clean,If you are expecting a plush hotel room for £55 in Londons west side then don't bother with Hotel Lily and good luck. It's cheap and clean and for that price you get breakfast! True that the rooms are a bit tired and the water pressure is very low on 4th floor where I stayed. But it's convenient for Fulham games for away fans or business visitors on a Budget. I found the staff polite and courteous and my room was warm and with a window I could open to cool down. It was quiet and there is a pub serving food 2 doors away or a curry house 5 mins walk away. So all in all I am very happy that I got value for money. It is london after all.  PS. Take soap/shower gel. There is none in the room. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good Location,"If you want a Hotel just to use as a Base to Visit London this may be for you,I went with my son for a long Weekend,We found the Staff to be very friendly,The room was Very Small,Two of us could not walk around the room at the same time,Bathroom was also very small,However on the Plus it is Located less than one minute walk from West Brompton Tube And London Overground Station which has a Link to Gatwick Airport,About a five minute Walk to Chelsea FC,WIFI in Room was Good And Breakfast was OK.For the Price if your on a Budget it OK.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty and rude staff,"The rooms are small, very low water pressure in shower, broken toiletseat, stained carpets etc etc. Reception staff unfriendly, no lounge but a nice bar in next building.  No toiletries, except a mini lux handsoap. No hairdryer in rooms. Lift takes one person and a travelbag.  Somu people entered the room with a key, clearly had a key to our room too! Advise every one to stay away from this hotel,  there is a Ibis hotel few metes away witch is a much better choice.  Tube and bus station near witch was the best thing, quick escape from this terrible spot. Would have left on day one but had unfortionatly paid in advance,",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,one of sleep,"Booked and stayed at this hotel just for a sleep stop over. we arrived at 22.00, very quick check in & left at 07.30 am. (quick check out)..  Very very very run down basic basic basic hotel. Very small room, Tv didnt even work, shower did had no power. everything is run down.  not worth £60.  it seemed clean but as it is very worn down it will never look clean.   They should 100% have a revamp.   Breakfast hall was also very rundown that it looks and feels dirty. Basic breakfast very quick service.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty and staff couldn't care less - STAY AWAY,"husband booked (without checking tripadvisor rating). My thought is that hotel booking sites should de-list hotels which fail to meet minimum cleaning and safety standards.   Husband writes  Staff have a general attitude to guests of 'you are in inconvenience to us, pay up and F off'. Eg I went to reception to state that the TV wouldn't work only to be told, 'there's nothing we can do about'.   Rooms are extremely cramped which I wouldn't mind if they were clean and fresh- they aren't. Lots of mould in the bathroom, broken shower holder, missing sink plug, water pressure non-existent. Blood stains or something similar on toilet lid.   there are lots of nagging notices telling you you'll be charged if you use too much internet (description said free internet) leave too late,…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Perfect Hotel,"Stayed at the Hotel Lily as I needed somewhere near a tube for one night. The hotel was very reasonably priced. The room was adequate, the staff were very friendly and the beds were comfortable. Could not fault the Hotel Lily. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great,Can't fault this hotel. Happy to go back. Don't be put off by negative reviews. In a great area. Yeah it's not the ritz but it doesn't have that price tag. Ideal for any man wanting to take his good lady away for the weekend,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good Value for Money,Stayed two nights 17th/18th January 2017. We wanted somewhere close to a tube ( earls court 5 mins ) and as we had travelled 220 miles by car we needed a hotel with parking. On arrival at 6pm a friendly greeting and after a quick registration and parking car we headed off for something to eat. Local pub two meals and drink £12.90. The room although small was clean and warm which was all we needed as we were out all day and most of the evening. Shower and bath good. Breakfast was full english and arrived very quickly. We requested extra pillows which were delivered promply. It is what it is - a budget hotel bed and breakfast two nights £117.00. Good value for money,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible. I do not recommend!,The double room was really small! The most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in! The bed was very hard and the pillows was useless. Very dated. The pictures on the website are misleading and very different in reality.,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,noise,"stayed 24th dec for one night did not sleep for six hours. Noise. I do not recommend this hotel. Consiege was not polite.  Room double to small for double. Paint work stripping of pipes in bathroom. Towels dirty. Paint work in room coming of.  T.V, did not work well.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel experience ever ,"Need i say more? The photos speak for them selves. The hotel does not match the discription, the service was terrible and the food was... 'questionable'... It was cheap and afordable but it did not make up for the condition og the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Room beyond poor and not as in pictures.,"Pictures of rooms not correct!! I booked for room for 3.  Arrived to broken radiator that could not be turned down, two broken beds and one wee stained.  Fag end of window ledge and empty beer bottle behind curtains.   Stained bed bases, crisps on floor, dirty cups, no plug,  Bathroom slimy and unwashed tiles.  Complained and offered another room but ashored ours would be sorted and was there best room so stayed.  Radiator fixed and carpet hoovered and fag ends and beer bottle removed but wee stained mattress remained and two broken beds.  I had to sleep on wee stained mattress with two quilts from other beds underneath me.   Catalogue of errors and filth.  Breakfast was the only good thing about this hotel.  Complained numerous times.  In end was told room had been deep…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Horroble experience, järkyttävä kokemus","Location was good near underground,, everything else was horroble. Room was dirty and walls, no handtowel, under wallpaper was black mold. My bed was maybe done so much sport that you feel every metall in your back. Bed was also broken. Corridons smelt sweet mold smelll. Breakfasroom chairffabric was broken and dirty. Continental- breakfast: coffee, orange juice and bread with butter?  Pay in hotel:  they already charge from count beforehand and did not give receipt! I wonder how this hotell is still open. Suitcase storage payd 5£ every suitcase. Robbery from customers. Newer ever again. Huone homeessa, likainen, sänky ja jouset rikki, käsipyyhkeet puuttui. Mannermainen aamupala vitsi, kahvi, tuoremehu, voinappi ja paahtoleipä. Kerroskäytävissä haisi makea home. Miksi ei…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Perfect rate on price per service! You get more than you pay for.,"Hotel definitely needs renovation, but with perfect price per service rate - £55 per night for double room with breakfast included. Stayed 2 nights on business trip, excellent location with easy access to tube and overground. West Brompton bus end stop are a front of the hotel and produce a lot of noise on day time, but is quiet on night. Old interior in the room, but clean. Very comfortable beds, bathroom is old but clean too and provide only soap. On fourth floor there in bad water pressure. Breakfast is not massive, but it's enough - English breakfast only. Conclusion : if you are looking for budget hotel for short stay and plan to use it only for night sleep - this is your place!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Faulty Towers,"On arrival the reception was clean and well presentted, we signed in and given our room number 229 shown the lift to 2nd floor, looked like a newish carpet throughout, some stains which could have been dealt with but left, fraying carpet on doorways obviously needs carpet plates, our room, well, for a standard double was very small, to say the least, barely big enough for a single, 1 coat hanger, no sink plug, no toiletries only a tiny bar of soap, which vanished the day after or hairdrier, the room was very hot had to sleep on top of the bed, old metal frame windows with black mould, stained curtains, and no won't stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good for the price ,"The staff we all very pleasant and helpful. Room was basic and clean we had a choice of a bath or shower in the room, tea and coffee facilities. The best thing about the hotel was the complementary breakfast 10/10 great service and fantastic food proper cooked English breakfast. 👍",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Noisy all night,"Stayed in this hotel for two nights, had to change rooms at 12am because our room was so noisy from some sort of archaic heating system maybe? I don't know but there is a constant pumping sound all through the night and even after we changed rooms it was only marginally quieter but then louder because of the main road, old windows and an airport. Staff were pleasant but a little clueless. Rooms were scabby and dated. Don't want to be horrible but I wouldn't want anyone to stay here and be disappointed even though it is cheap.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible place,We stayed here for my 40th birthday and never again. Staff very rude. Room was very small couldn't even pass each other. If you are taller then 5.10 your feet would hang off bed. Wall paper comong off walls. Marks on carpet never will i stay here again. Waitress even dropped and spilled coffee on husband not bothered. Checked out at 9.30  and was charged 5 pound to leave luggage whiles we picked up car. Only good thing was 5 mins to train station. And they charge 15 per day for car. Go somewhere else you will be disappointed.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice Hotel well located with minor issues that hotel needs to address,"The hotel is very easy to locate from the Underground Station of West Brompton on the District Line (direct connect to Victoria Station), just turn left as you exit the Underground and you'll see a huge IBIS hotel sign, head in that direction and you'll find the Lily about 4 minutes down the road on the left just before reaching the IBIS. I arrived early evening and had a cheery welcome from the receptionist although I was not pleased to find that my CC had already been charged when the booking was for pay on arrival (this was sorted out later). A tiny lift (wheelchair users, this hotel is most definately NOT accessible) to floor three, room 301 and a freezing cold welcome as all windows were open even though it was around 3ºC outside! To my surprise the single room I booked was…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Don't worry, it's fine!","My room was small and clean, definitely clean! After reading reviews I had such a fear, but it was needless, bed was comfy and again clean! Good amenities for a cheap central location, as in en suite, TV, kettle. The staff were just lovely, really friendly people, the service at breakfast was as good as I have had anywhere! Really service was fantastic. Food was alright and included. Now sure rooms were small, but exactly as pictures show. It is not a hotel intended for long holidays but is fine for overnight stay to rest your head. For the price I think many reviewers have got unrealistic expectations. If you're looking for somewhere central cheap and no frills this is most definitely for you. If you want a large room and 'free' toiletries best spend a bit more and go…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,*** Cheap stay in London suburb ***,"We stayed here for 5 nights with 2 families. This hotel is nothing fancy - but if you are just looking for a bed to stay overnight it might be worth considering. For London I would consider this hotel to be cheap (booked via Internet). The rooms are small and quite run down - but clean and beds + towels are ok. Tea maker and TV in room. However, no shampoo or conditioner. Breakfast is served only from 7am to 9am sharp - so if you want to sleep long then forget the breakfast. The situation is quite noisy - one side a main road and other side you hear the planes flying in to Heathrow. They have different sizes of rooms - even for 4 people and some flats (but do not know how these are). Staff is friendly and reception is open 24 hours. Best thing: really close to the West Brompton…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty Hotel,"Very disappointed with this hotel and wouldn't recommend staying here at all. On check in reception staff were badly organised and had poor customer service. Booked on late rooms and it stated that rooms were newly refurbished. However this was not the case at all. Wallpaper was pealing off the walls, the bed base Was torn and laminate was pealing off the doors and there were countless marks and stains on the walls and carpets. There was thick dust on the radiator and skirtings and there was hair and stains on the bed sheets. Infact this hotel didn't look like it had any house keepers or had any maintenance done in years! The bathroom was that grotty I struggled to even stand in the bath as all the bath was chipped and dirty. The bed was that grubby I actually laid on top of…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Get what you pay for!,"As far as hotels go, this definitely wasn't the best place we've been too but you get what you pay for.  The rooms were a reasonable size with black out curtains giving you the opportunity to lie in if wanted.  Kettle and TV was included in the rooms and also wifi.   Slightly noisy from planes but this can't be helped due to the location.  Staff all very friendly and helpful if there was anything we needed.  Breakfast included with in the prices , which the basic was beans, a fried egg, 1 sausage & 1 piece of bacon. Toast was provided along with tea/coffee & pure apple/orange juice. Although wasn't a standard size fry up it was a good enough to tie you over.   Personally if you are looking for a cheap place to stay in an ideal location few stops on the tube from central London,…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"WORST ""HOSTEL"" EVER !! DONT EVER LIVE HERE","we made the wrong decision of living in this hotel, the pricey cost is not worth it at all! the dusty, mites, all over the room, the room are cold without the heater, their hotel management are kind of stingy & selfish does not provide the facilities of heater, soap, or other toileteries.  Furthermore, in our package, we have includes the breakfast, but when we went down at 8:30am its said sorry we are close for the breakfast! Oh my god! we felt cheated! following, continue our last day! when we going to store our luggage at the front of the cashier, they charged us £10 for one items luggage! we are shocked, because we are the customer, why they charged us for the store luggage? even regretted we should stay in IBIS hotel than this terrible hotel! well, we stayed before 5 star…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible.,"This is a dreadful hotel in a reasonable location. The staff are exceedingly rude and aggressive and the décor is old and scruffy. The scruffy room was tiny with very bad soundproofing and the en-suite was archaic. The lift is a dangerous joke, with barely room for 2 people and the door won't open without assistance. Clearly this hotel has not been refurbished since the 80's and the hotel sign looks like it's from the 70's. Breakfast wasn't up to much, either. I won't stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Decent Rooms - Amazing Breakfast,"I've stayed at this hotel a few times in the last year and every time it's been a pleasure.  Parking is a bit of a nightmare as it's in the middle of a controlled parking zone, and there's limited space in the hotel's car park. But after 8pm you can park in the road.  The rooms I've stayed in (all twin or triple) have been cool and clean, if a bit old-fashioned. The beds are comfortable and the pillows are pretty decent. There's small TVs in them.   There's free soap in the bathrooms (no shampoo) and they have baths, with is always a treat (as long as there's a plug, which isn't always the case!)  It's a great location for restaurants and pubs - the best being The Atlas pub just round the corner. But leave some room for breakfast, because it's the best! You go down into some…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Decent value hotel,"Excellent location close to the District Line... 5 min walk to the left when you come outside the main entrance of the train station.  The room is clean but needs more updating.  Do not take the 1st floor facing the main road as its noisy from the cars and the windows do not block out the noise.  The breakfast spread is good... English breakfast with an option of tea or coffee.  It is not a buffet.  The elevator up to the rooms are small... max 3 people or 2 people with luggage.  For the location and price, I think this hotel is a good value hotel for a short stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Passable,"For 70 pounds a night, this place is a decent deal. Our expectations were quite low after seeing the reviews on TripAdvisor (we only read it after making a non-redundable reservation), but we were glad to find out that it wasn't as bad as some of the more negative reviews make it out to be.  Overview and relative pro's: We stayed here for a weekend trip to London. The breakfast is filling: a full English breakfast with lots of toasts to fill you up. The room is small but it's alright; the road isn't too noisy at night so that was good. Bathroom was decent although the towels weren't exactly 5-star quality so if you are picky about towels, you might want to bring your own. Location-wise, the closest station is West Brompton (2-3 min walk) although Earl's Court is walkable (10-15…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice London stay,"I stayed here on my recent short stay to London, the hotel is nice enough for just a sleeping base as it was the hottest week of the year not having air conditioning in my room meant I wasn't in it any longer than to sleep, location is great for links into London so overall a nice cheap n cheerful hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Location is the only reason to stay. Pay a bit more and avoid this place,"We are writing this on account of friends that stayed at this hotel and who showed us their room. Even for a single room it would be small. Now they had crammed twinbeds into it. Our friends are traveling Europe and have 2 suitcases and 2 cabin luggage with them. At night they had to put 2 suitcases at the frontdoor and manouvre themself into the tiny bathroom and during the day they had to lay them on the bed. Moving around for 2 people is as good as nearly Impossible. The bathroom was very small and looked pretty awfull with holes, rust, and broken panes, bathtub and whatever.. I wouldn't even have my dog stay in there. We had our friends moved to another hotel the next day.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disappointing,The Hotel was cheap.  You get cheap.  Bed mattress horrendous.  No hot water from hot water tap (basin). Bathroom not cleaned for ?  Mould on grout etc.  No hair dryer which caused major problems for my wife.  Breakfast cold and swimming with Beans.  Rooms not checked prior to occupation and exceptionally small. Bathroom door catching on floor. Towels provided a joke.  Bulb above bed not working.  Tea/Coffee in drawer.  TV kept turning itself on by itself.  Staff tried to be helpful but probably limited by their wages.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,OK for the £££,"Anyone really knocking this Hotel can't really have a lot of experience of London. For the price it is quite simply OK, it's not perfect by any stretch of the imagination but for what you get, in that location it is cheap. For the night that I stayed the Ibis next door was asking another £40.00 and if all you want is a bed after a few beers it is perfectly satisfactory. I have in now way been put off after my first visit and I will be back.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great location cheap clean hotel,"Recently stayed here midweek.. Stayed on the fourth floor , the room and bathroom was neat and tidy.. The water pressure in the shower wasn't the strongest.. No free bath gels ..The room was small but adequate.. Had nice view towards Stamford bridge.. Hotel is situated in excellent location  a few minutes walk from west Brompton tube station.. Breakfast was basic but staff were very efficient at serving.. It was in from 7-9 which is quite an early finish .. I would definitely stay here again given value and location!! ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty and Dangerous Dump,"You'll see by other reviews how bad this place is.  I booked last minute whilst on a business Trip.  It wasn't cheap and too be honest if it was free I still wouldn't go back there.  Dirty small room, dangerous electrics ,poor plumbing,mould,smells of damp,window handles missing the list of faults is endless.  Musty Towels and bedding.  I am shocked that in this day and age that a place like this can be running.  It's an unfit establishment.  This so called Hotel should be shut down by the authorities.  Please avoid for the sake of your Health.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stay Well Away ! Please read this review !,"Awful, Hotel is in poor condition, Lift had missing buttons, stained carpets, Smell of cigarettes in the room, Dangerous electrics that supplied the sockets and lights above and the hotel will be reported to NICEIC, fire alarm system was in fault mode the whole time! This will also be reported to HSE, Fire door to my room had no door closer, a toilet that moved and leaked when the toilet seat was put up, stained & moldy shower curtains, and windows that didn't close, over awful hotel, Big refurbishment is needed",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Digusting! Stay well away!,"How this hotel is still operating i do not know. I had better accommodation in my 6 years i spent in the Army! Rooms are dirty and with zero effort of a decent cleaner around you'll end up walking away and feeling hugely disappointed you've just parted with your hard earned cash...which you wont get refunded! Stay away, hence the 300 odd terrible reviews!",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very poor hotel in quite OK location,"The hotel is very poor and dissatisfying. Very small room, not that clean after all. It may be loud and the stuff in NOT friendly at all. It's an option only for the good price and MAX. 2 nights (I stayed for one and would never go back). Location and neighbourhood are very nice on the other hand. Walking distance to Thames, Tube and Chelsea. Little point for the kettle and tea/coffee in the room. Breakfast (when ordered continental) consists of toast and jam. Coffee and juice (without any choice) will not fill your belly. WiFi has poor coverage (and costs extra above 4GB).",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hot and Cold,"Ok, so this was a weekend on a budget, but I usually like to feel like it's a bit of a treat when I'm staying in a hotel. This didn't feel that way, don't get me wrong, everything was 'OK', but no better than that.  The hotel (rooms and corridors) were too hot, but the breakfast was too cold! The breakfast came out less than a minute after we had ordered it, never a good sign. In conclusion I'll be looking for another hotel next time, sorry Lily.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible,"Prices are cheap okay.. Breakfast room is very old and tatty. Breakfast itself is okay but you get a shot of orange juice and not a lot of choice.. hallways are very neglected and paint is dirty carpet is dirty lift doesn't operate very efficiently and is slow.  Rooms appear very run down and sockets in unit appear to be hanging off!   Beds covered in old stains these should be replaced, it's disgusting. Did not sleep in bed sheets.  Rooms are boiling hot no air con and traffic noise is not good Windows all the way open all night and it's still roasting hot.  After reading past reviews checked under bed! Disgusting, rubbish, old crisps and fag packets. Pair of dirty socks trapped down behind radiator with thick dust. Appears they don't use the Hoover.  Bathroom was dirty, toilet…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Just awful.....,My partner and I booked to stay here and few nights ago . We have never vacated a place so quickly after seeing the beds. They were heavily soiled mattresses with thread Bare sheets and brown stained pillows..... the place made us crawl.  I appreciate that this is a budget hotel but cleanliness costs nothing. You have been warned!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel ever,"Stayed one night recently, hotel corridors shabby and neglected. Lift dirty. Very disappointed with the room. Windows very old metal casing and wouldn't close as locks broken on them.carpets sticky and dirty, walls of room and bathroom door had fist marks in them !! Sheets had rips in them. Was dreading getting a shower as bathroom old, tired and dirty. Some serious money needs spending on this hotel . Reception staff not friendly .would not recommend staying here.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting DO NOT STAY!!!,"Booked this hotel last minute on 26th August at around 21:00pm.  We contacted the hotel to check what time we could check in as we were meeting friends, but decided to check in first before meeting them. As we arrived the place look run down and shabby, we tried to check on but the night porter was to busy sleeping, I continued to have to shout at him, but no response, no bell or anything to call (great security for the other residents) he finally woke and with a bit a grunt decided to serve us. We checked in but before we even go to our room our friends called and informed us they had booked us in to the holiday express around the corner and had made the payment, we immediately went back to reception to inform the night porter of this. We then noticed how disgusting this place…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not great but............,"I stayed here for one night due to it being cheap and convenient for where I was attending an event.  I had no great expectations in view of the price. The bed was perfectly comfortable but the corridors we're baking hot. The room could do with decorating and there was a feeling of general neglect. The breakfast tasted fine but there was no choice except for how you wanted your egg! Also, the cereal came with the hot food and tough if you wanted a different choice of juice. Would I stay again? No. But it was ok for what I wanted and cheap.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,For the price ok but only for work not pleasure,"Not the best hotel however for price and location it's decent,the rooms are clean and beds are comfy. This is not the type of place you would take your partner however if your working in the area it's good enough. Breakfast is the smallest full English I've ever seen which is 1 egg 1 sos 1 bacon and beans,fills a hole but that's about it. Parking is £15 a night witch is steap but the hotel is cheap enough.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,great hotel in a good location,"I stayed at Hotel Lily in London for 2 nights. Would recommend it for a great location, great staff and the most comfy bed ever. There are tea and coffee-making facilities, a TV and the shower was hot and strong. The best thing was being able to open the windows are wide as I liked. It's quiet yet really central. A bargain price too. Shall definetly be staying again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not as bad as expected,"I booked this hotel for 1 night with my partner to celebrate my 19th birthday and it was the perfect location near Chelsea. Once I checked the reviews I did begin to panic thinking I had booked myself in at the worst hotel however it was not as bad it was made out to be. The reception guys were lovely and wished me a happy birthday before giving us our room key. We had to pay £15 to park our car for the duration upon check-in. The lifts didn't seem very safe so we used them once and the stairs for the rest. The room was cosy, fairly clean. There was mould growing up the window and the bathroom door looked like it had been punched a few times. There was also a ring down our sink drain which we attempted to get out with no luck. Very basic amenities however for our stay we were…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ok for 1 or 2 nights,"Comfortable and quite room, great location near Earls Court and West Brompton tube station, good value for a night and good breakfast.  Lifts were old , receptions very basic , staff quite blunt, shower was weak and the kettle did not work - shame.  Will stay again for overnight for convenience and value ( took advantage of an offer on booking.com) .",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Solo Traveller,"This hotel is basic and does have a few faults, however for the price, it's a good deal  I paid £51 for a single room with en suite, I got a double room.  The place isn't the prettiest but it's cheap and clean. I've stayed her for work purposes many times and the standards don't change (as in it's always clean)  I've stayed in some hotels without a bathroom which cost more than Lily and have not been clean, so this is a safe bet when your on a budget.  Staff are always friendly, the lady on reception can b a bit sharp but once u get used to her she's actually quite nice lol.  Always seems to be a problem closing the bedroom window, so I always ask for an upper floor. I also ask for a room not facing front road as it can b noisy (drunk party people) late on. When your up early…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Meh - probably wont be recommending,"Isnt the worst place ive ever stayed in but its just somewhere that I dont think I would recommend to people It was cheap and that was the best thing going for it (for me). It was quite close to Earls Court station. The room was small (not sure if enough room for 2 peoples stuff) and was cleanish (found braces rubber bands on the floor etc). Bed was comfortable (a doubleish) but it was short - im 5ft 9 and my feet were hanging over the end The staff were rude and seemed to be having disagreements everything i saw them. quite rude to the customers as well. Small bathroom - the door doesnt open properly because there is a bath in the way, and the fan hasnt been cleaned in a very long time. Noisy - there seemed to be a lot of random noise from inside and outside. My room was on the…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not the best – unbelievable breakfast experience!,"Stayed here because the price was reasonable and it was close to the tube for a weekend of football at Wembley Stadium. Saw some TripAdvisor reviews after it was booked so was a bit worried as I couldn't find a good review!! But overall it wasn't that bad, once past reception it's very dated, but our room was ok and the sheets etc were clean although very noisy as its opposite a bus station which runs through the night. The only real downer was the breakfast! Served in the basement in near darkness (probably a good thing so you can't see what you're eating), it was like Fawlty Towers! The fork in my cutlery had more of the previous days egg on it than the 'English breakfast', which was served within a minute of ordering by people that could mutter only a few words of English,…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't bother,"Booked this for  work and only booked it for the parking. When we arrived we were told it's all full try Tescos a mile away. Lucky the ibis said I could leave it there. (I wish I had booked them instead) Dirty miserable place.  Lumpy mattress.  Un helpful staff and a kids size warm breakfast ,we had a choice of scrambled eggs or fried so I asked for scrambled,only to be told sorry none left but we have fried,so I said ok then 2 eggs turned up on a plate.  Yes cheap but at your cost.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Friendly staff,The hotel was outdated but everything was clean. Could do with more directions for room number. Breakfast was average but free so can't complain. Staff very friendly and free WiFi. Only stayed one night and was perfect for access to the conference centre. The easybus from Gatwick stops on the doorstep too,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Would not stay again,"I booked this because it seemed good value and I knew the area but I would not stay here again. The reception staff were rude and did not smile once, very officious as if they are doing you a favour by letting you stay. I asked to leave my bag as I arrived before check-in and was told I could leave it in front of the reception desk, I didn't feel this was in any way secure but had no choice because I didn't want to drag my bag around. On the day I checked out I was able to leave it in the left luggage room but it cost me £5! I have never paid to leave my luggage in a hotel before but again I had no choice. The room was small but it was clean, although the bed base was very badly stained. It was noisy and the double glazing didn't do much. Towels were also marked. Breakfast was…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good value if basic,"Other reviewers have really hated this place but I found it fairly clean and perfectly comfortable. Very convenient links to British Rail (Clapham Junction, gateway to the South) and District Line to Central London. 100 yards away! 74 bus to Harrods! And Breakfast is thrown in and not bad. I was hesitant about the coffee (owing to another review) but I found it above average! Kettles and Typhoo in the room and mine had a fluttering oak tree outside.  OK paint a little grotty paint and no posh washing stuff but perfectly nice and a really quite plush breakfast room and friendly staff. Compared to another place it left me £60 for shopping!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Had the essentials for one night,"Stayed here to see a show and sight-see for the weekend. The hotel was fine for one night, it had the essentials like a bed and bathroom - and we didn't expect much more for the cheap price we paid. We didn't have any problems with the functions of the room but it really was tiny! The location was handy for getting in and out of the center of London.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap but basic - you get what you pay for!,"I booked a twin room at the Hotel Lily as my friend and I were going to the British Summer Time festival at Hyde Park and realised rather late in the day that there were no trains home in the evening.  A lot of accommodation in walking distance was either fully booked or ridiculously expensive - Hotel Lily was supposedly in easy walking distance and a good price, including a full English breakfast.  We knew the reviews had said it would be basic and it was.  The area where it is located is run down but I did feel safe.  The décor was worn, the furniture tired and the room was very small and hot.  However, it was clean and there was tea/coffee and a reasonable shower.  We spent very little time in the room but could not have the window open at night due to the noise from the road…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"An utter hovel, avoid.","We stayed here to visit the Fulham Palace on my birthday. All I can tell you is we checked out minutes after checking in and went to the Ibis which was a 100 yards away and infinitely better.  The room was very small, smelled and was poorly maintained (I could go on).  Both lifts were out of order and the fire escape was much like a pigeon coupe with bird poo in abundance and was also being used to store builders tools. They charged us for the room and claimed we stayed there dispite us emailing Booking.com proof of payment to the Ibis. If you are looking for anything above somewhere to put your head down for the night, look elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stay Away,"Myself and a friend stayed at this poor excuse of an establishment. He paid for a twin room and I paid for a double. His room was exactly the same as mine even though he paid half the amount per night and we booked them on the same day on the same website.  My room was quite dirty. There was multiple mould patches growing in the bathroom, plenty of chipped paint and markings on the walls. Bathroom door was falling off it's hinge and did not close properly. Taps are mislabelled, hot being cold and cold being hot.   No air-conditioning in room so you have to have the windows open for some air, and with a bus stop on the other side of the road you can forget about sleeping whilst the buses are still running. There was also some sort pipe running from floor to ceiling in the room. …",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A Little Tired and Worn,"This was a business trip to Stamford Bridge, so for us the hotel was really well placed in Central London close to the stadium itself. There were a few conveniences nearby, with a Co-Op and a couple of pubs close to the hotel. The hotel itself is ok, it has the potential to be really nice but it just feels tired and worn where furniture has become battered in the lobby/reception area and it distracts from what could be a really nice place to stay. The lifts were out of order and we were on the 3rd floor, so for us carrying lots of bags upstairs wasn't the best.   Through the hotel it had an odd smell as you walked through the corridors, everywhere was painted well and glossed nicely though. No signs in place indicating what floor you were on and what room numbers were where. Our…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,visitv,stopped here from the friday til the monday wasnt to happy with rooms very pokey indeed needs alot of improvement all in the hotel breakfast was basic one sausgae egg bit of bacon  tea not very hot tables werent very clean resturant wasnt very nice either for price we payed over 300.00 for two adults best part of our stay was visting stamford bridge home of chelsea fc  but as i said rooms not very nice at all view we had was horrid basically the bins was our view id not stop here again i did put complaint in through email but to this day not had one reply from hotel lily few people we met there zaid exactly the same,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap n cheerful,"I was on fourth floor, lift was out of order - not a problem for me, but others might struggle.  Bed room was clean enough - dust could be found behind things if you went looking.  Bed not bad, was clean and fairly comfy.  Had ear plugs with me as always struggle with noise.  Near Heathrow so noisy.  No air con, so with window open could hear everything.  Very small room, hard to get into bathroom and main door as opening is no more than 18 inches, again not a problem for me but others might struggle.   Bathroom tiny, bath is half size of normal, but plenty hot water and big towel.  The tap wasn't working so ran bath through shower.  The toilet seat was broken.  The main light came from an overhead mirror - so very gloomy at night.     Five mins walk from West Brompton…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,hotel lily,"not a good hotel for a visit to London the room smelt of damp, the staff on reception seemed quite cheeky not very professional.     breakfast was ok breakfast staff friendly and polite .room was cheap but would not want to pay full price for this dump.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Overpriced and not clean,"The location of the hotel is great. You have the underground just a minute away.  The staff is friendly, but the hotel is overpriced and the rooms are small and not really clean. the bathroom was nothing but clean, it was dusty and you and fungus on the shower curtains and shower head. Also we moved the twin bed next to each other. What we found was more fungus on the walls. We had a road side room, this I not recommend. There is a bus station on the otherside of the road and it's really loud. It's hard to fall a sleep. So the rooms are not really sound proof.  Luckily we just stayed one night.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrendous !,"Easily the worst hotel I have stayed in when visiting London.  Really filthy and run down.  Furniture and fittings in the room were shoddy and dirty and the bathroom full of cracked tiles, rust in the bath , no plug in the basin  and generally so nasty that I avoided showering lest I got dirtier in the process. Could not face the idea of eating breakfast there.  Budget hotels are a fine concept in theory, but not when cleanliness is compromised . Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not the best choise,"This is definitely not the best choice, I had a bad experience since the first day, the person that was on reception was annoyingly ""friendly"" and did such a bad comments to me when I was alone, and made me fell so uncomfortable(I just went to ask the WiFi password). In the room the sheets were dirty and the pillows were not comfortable at all, we woke up every day with neck pain, they didn't provide us with shampoo, just some poor quality soaps. We found a sock in the room and the TV Control Remote was dirty. Yes, they don't clean very well. :S The elevator was very small and it didn't reach the highest floor so we had to took it and then lift up our luggage, that was a bit heavy, through the smallest stairs. However have to say that breakfast was not bad, and the waiter that…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Tired,"I stayed in the Lily Hotel for a few days whilst attending an exhibition at The Olympia. BE WARNED The Olympia is actually a mile away, a long way to walk down North End Road. I had a speedy check in and was given room 002. I was given a twin room which was tidy but old and tired, it definitely needs refurbishing, my room overlooked the road and could be noisy. There was tea and coffee making facilities and a hairdryer. There was a small TV with no remote, shame cos there was a lot of channels.The linen was clean, the bed comfortable but the towels had seen better days. All in all, it was ok for a few days visit but it wouldn't be my first choice as a cheap B&B as there isn't a lot to do around the area. I didn't try breakfast because I needed to be out early and to be honest, I…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,First impressions at reception are not bad but staff are rude. Rooms are shabby and are in desperate need of refurbishment. No toiletries in bathroom. Kept being woken up in the night by noisy surrounding areas and other guests banging on walls and stomping down the corridor. Feels very dirty. Breakfast was terrible. All in all. A awful hotel. Feels more like a hostel. Won't be staying there again.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid this place,"I do believe that in general you get what you pay for and so when booking a budget hotel one does not expect the Ritz. But this place really takes the cup for an unbelievably bad hotel room, in fact probably the worst I've ever stayed in. Upon arriving into my room there were dirty cups (coffee still in) and sodden towels on the floor. Mildew on the bathroom wall and no hangers in the wardrobe. Overall it just generally felt dirty and with sheets so wrinkled one just wonders were they actually changed since previous tenant. And arriving back on the second day there weren't any towels in the room, sodden or otherwise. When I asked at reception I was told I would only be allocated a single towel even though there had been two in the room the day before. If you are looking to stay…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Wow, i dont even know where to begin.","The fire escape on the 3rd floor is home to a colony of pigeon.   I had to shower under the bath tap as the shower was pathetic.   They manage to squeeze 4 beds into a tiny room.  No shampoo etc just old used bars of soap on the toilet.   Second room we moved to was moldy and stank.  Reception is manned by a good guy, bad girl duo. The gent behind reception was really pleasant. The woman on the other hand.... I had to bite my tongue. My complaint fell on death ears.   We decided the best thing to do was to drop our bags in the room and get out. We stayed out till 4am as neither of us wanted to go back. Next day we got up early and decided to cut our trip short.   I've since emailed the local council to relay my health and safety concerns and hopefully someone will inspect and…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never coming back,"No heating in room .. reported issue and they told me that they will fix it. after a few days sleeping with jacket on and a 2 blankets... I got the 'cold'  so i went down to the reception to let them know and they just told me that they were sorry and that they'll sned someone. That never happened  i asked them to change me to anotehr room with heating..they told me that it was not an option. Actually after 4 long days at this hotel, i decided to leave...I asked around and other guests told me that they had the same issue. These people don't care... don't book here.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A mistake,"A really down at heel hotel, uncared for in every way, not clean, basin in room lacked plug, also one of those slow to empty jobs, nasty!  shower spayed water from all the wrong places, lump of alien hair in bathroom still there after two days, bathroom bin not emptied.   Decor, well,  I think a half trained monkey might do better, paint and plaster roughly applied.  Bulb lamp dead, no t v controller in room, no extra pillows.  What were provided were thin!  Not a good thing to say about this.  Lord only knows what the breakfast was like, 'served from 7.30 to 9 in the basement'. Don't go there!",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolutely ridiculous ,"I booked this hotel on booking.com  I use this site on a regular basis. The site is great and I've never had a problem with any of the hotels I have stayed in. However!  My friend and I stayed at the Hotel Lily for two nights and it was worse than Fawlty Towers.  When I booked, as with many hotels on booking.com, the deal was that they would take your card details to secure the booking but said they would take no money. In fact, they asked how you would like to pay and I clicked cash.  On my way down to London I checked my bank balance and noticed they had taken £238 for the two night stay. I couldn't believe it so I called them. They told me they couldn't do anything until I arrived. When I arrived they said they had put the money back on my card so I obviously checked. No…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,It's a budget hotel ! Don't be surprised !,"Friendly guy on reception. Had to wait 10 mins for rooms to be cleaned (and they were clean). Plastic wood and magnolia. Cheap and cheerful. In my experience certainly not the horror hotel described by others. Bed is comfy, clean. Hot and cold running water. Needs a make over ie skirting boards need sanding down and glossing and a lick of paint in general.  If you want boutique or large chain quality in London then you really can't expect to pay £45 per night (including a modest cooked breakfast) and receive it.  I may have been fortunate to get a larger room but the bathroom was on the 'overly comfy' size. No plug in the sink (which purely from a water conservation angle is quite annoying nevermind not being able to fill the sink)  On a budget and are prepared to travel in/out…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,It was OK,We stayed there 3 nights. It was a really small hotel and I mean really really small. It was hard to pass through the hallways with our luggages and bags. We couldn't even unpack in the room. On the other hand the location was good. It was close to the tube station and we easily arrive at the hotel from airport. All in all it was an ok visit.,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not good,"Hotel Lily absolutely disgusting. Door wouldn't close properly in bathroom. Taps could do with a good cleaning. Strong smell of bleach ,as u go into restaurant. Full English breakfast !!!!!,stomach churning. Staff untidy. I could go on and on. It's a dirty dump.(oh have a look at mattress yuk)",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid like the plague!!!,I went here with 3 colleagues to attend a show at Olympia. When we got there and went to the room there were only 2 very flat pillows between 5 beds! There were 4 of us and we actually had to beg for more pillows and still only got one each. One of my colleagues and I have really bad necks and asked for two pillows. We were refused so my colleague had to roll up the duvet from the 5th bed and sleep on that!! The duvets were paper thin and we were freezing cold all night. When we got to the room we noticed that the very low polystyrene ceiling (we were in the basement) was badly damaged. I guess someone above us must have jumped right above and you can imagine our horror when we woke up the next morning and the ceiling had completely broken!! We tried to tell the staff on…,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very disa,"Stayed over for one night and that was plenty enough. We arrived an hour before the check in, after a long journey and was hoping that maybe a room would be ready. The guy at the desk was not at all welcoming and uttered a few words saying come back after 2pm. The room was the smallest we've ever been in, my husband joked and said 'I thought we rented a room, not a closet' but trust me it was no joke we could hardly dress in such a small space. Bathroom grubby. Breakfast was basic, but edible when it finally arrived. No choice at all just bacon beans sausage and egg. We would have like a second cup of coffee but the two waiters were so busy they didn't look our way, and seamed very stressed as lots of people were complaining about the long wait. Seams like no staff at this hotel…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disappointed,Nothing like the pictures. Dirty. Small.no electrical sockets. Customer service - missing.staff grumpy and badly dressed.pay a bit more and stay somewhere else. Only recommend to someone if u dont like them ☺,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Shocking,Mould n condensation on the window no noise reduction no heating  Fire alarm went off at 2am by time ud chucked clothes on was switched off no aploguie from reception on check out loud music half the night  Breakfast was served by a grumpy waitress one sasuage one bacon a egg n watery beans  Never staying here again,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Does the job,For the price this is as good as you will get.Looks surprisingly smart outside and it is in the right location for Olympia. They were full when I arrived so I got a huge room with four beds in it. Everything looks a bit tired and worn but it all worked and was clean.  There are hotels in London where you can spend the price of my room on breakfast. For a trip to a conference at Olympia this place provided a good nights sleep and an adequate breakfast.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Freezing cold room ,Freezing cold room and manky bathroom the breakfast in the morning was freezing the only thing that brings it up is its location 10 minute walk to chelsea fc as this is were we staying to go over to watch the match great location just not a very nice hotel ,Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Clean, good, small basic hotel","The hotel was just 200 meters from the metro station. Even if it is not in the centrum, it takes only 10-15 minutes to get there. The room was very small, but it was clean and very good for low budget travellers. The breakfast was better than I expected even if the speed of the service was sometimes a little bit slow.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,arrived at hotel for tour of stamford bridge,thoughts of hotel outside were okay reception was average rooms very small indeed to close to the walls the beds was ;food wasnt very good at all basic egg one sausgae piece of bacon beans tea orange juice chairs werent very clean at all i did email hotel lily regarding our visit from fri-monday but to no avail never had single reply from nobody i wont be using this hotel again and prices were very expensive to stay there no bars or places to relax,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Spend the extra few pounds and get better accomodation,"Not a good hotel at all. Highly recommend spending a little bit more money and staying in a much nicer hotel. When we (3 people) arrived at our room we found that they had squeezed 3 single beds which created one large bed because they were all so close.  We had to re clean the bathroom has there was hairy everywhere. Moved a chair in the room to create some space and found a razor from previous guests under it. The room smelt like smoke and could really do with a renovation or the slightest up keep. One positive is the good location of the hotel, it is pretty close to the underground and overground train stations. But so are plenty of other good hotels nearby that would have been of a much higher standard.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ideal budget accommodation,"The location is perfect, just a stones throw away to the tube/train station. Just a 10 minute walk away from Stamford Bridge. Parking available for £15 a day. (you can park on the street outside for free on Sunday)   The hotel itself could do with a lick of paint and a bit of TLC, however considering how much we paid for the stay we couldn't complain at all. The rooms were small, yet comfortable.   All of the staff were very friendly and helpful.  We'd both definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,1 night stay ,"1 night stay is ok..A very tired hotel,  rooms musty and in need of updating, in fact the whole place needs renovating.. I had bed and breakfast,  cheap,  restaurant looks dirty,  musty,  and looks like something from the titanic after it been raised.. As soon as I ordered breakfast it was delivered within couple minutes. So not freshly cooked...well 1 quick stay is ok, take a chance. But don't stay longer,   ",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Small, poorly decorated and did I mention tiny ","Went here with work and it's dirty, dusty and just unloved. the air vent in my room was so loud the only way I could sleep was to tape it up lucky I had tape on me. the rooms are tiny the breakfast as they call it a full English is a cheap warm 1 sausage. 1 piece of bacon, watery tiny amount of beans and an egg. the orange juice is kept under lock and key only dispensed but a member of staff upon repeated request. bed was ok tho. ",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Awkward, Rude Staff, Dirty rooms. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.....","Brown stains on wall right next to my bed, Half eaten biscuit found under my bed. Found porn magazine in wardrobe lol! Rude receptionist refused to call us a taxi because the previous day we accidentally got in the wrong taxi. Awkward restaurant, my partner asked for no egg on breakfast, I asked them to put it on my plate, they said no. He then said ok i'll have an egg and they wouldn't let him because they knew it was for me... so petty.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice stay,"I chose this hotel on the same night I decided to stay in London, I didn't book a room beforehand so I didn't know what I was going to go for. I wasn't disappointed though. The room was small but clean, especially the bathroom. The double bad was confortable and the room warm.  Breakfast is served at the table but the choice is limited, they only had english breakfast and toast & beans, served with coffee, tea or orange juice. Overall I had a nice stay, nice staff at reception.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty,"Our room had stains all up the walls, a random telephone hanging over a light fitting, dirty carpets, stained, broken beds, broken furniture, broken plug, public hair and urine stains on the toilet, dirty cups, dusty kettle..  the list goes on. Breakfast was a nightmare, stressed staff, cold food, sticky tables etc etc etc. AVOID.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very disappointing stay,"I wasn't expecting much for the price I paid (and even less on the basis of the reviews), but nevertheless I found this hotel to be unacceptable. In fact, I ended up leaving and going to stay elsewhere. There was a pungent smell of fresh cigarette smoke throughout the hotel. The reception area was perfectly acceptable, if a little sparse, but I found the staff behind the desk to be very abrupt and they seemed not to want to interact with guests.   The room itself was awful. It was tiny - the double bed almost filled the room. The wallpaper was peeling and the mattress, pillows and duvet were all covered in stains. The bathroom was filthy. I spent a bit of time in the room and, taking into account the issue with cigarette smoke, decided to leave and stay somewhere else. Avoid if…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolutely Disgusting ,"Worst hotel I've ever stayed in!!! Filthy carpets, mattress had a urine stain and no mattress protector, yellow pillow and thread bear pillow case, shower curtain scummy and stained, window doesn't close, lights don't work properly, toilet seat marked and worn, no toiletries, and its just disgusting we don't even want  to wash. Having to sleep on top of the sheets and with my own clothes covering the pillow. If I could choose to go home right now I would. Ibis over the road go there this place is vile beyond anything I've ever seen!!!",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible,Safe to say I have never been to such a awful hotel there was a curly toenail on our bedroom floor stains all up the wall skirting boards pubes on the soap !!!! Rancid wouldn't let my dog sleep in there. And a dirty towel on the floor don't waste your money,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Overnight stay when visiting hammersmith apollo ,"We weren't expecting much for the price we paid and after looking at the reviews but it was fine. Small rooms but had what you need, comfy clean bed, bath shower, dresser, closet etc. The room was hot but the windows open. Breakfast was nice.. lovely lady serving. Right near West Brompton tube which was handy for travelling to hammersmith apollo for a show.  Was happy with the hotel for what we paid..wouldn't fancy being in the area on my own though. ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good location,"We stayed here because it was very near our son and reasonably priced for London.  We requested a refurbished room after reading the other reviews, and was told that all the rooms had been refurbished.  Based on this we made a booking for t three nights.  However when we arrived we quickly realised that the bathroom had not been refurb'ed. Broken tiles, some of which were leaning against the bath, suggested that the hotel still needed some tlc. However we stayed because of the location and price.  Although the needs were made everyday and we were given clean,if harsh, towels. The complimentary tea tray was never refilled,  but reception were happy enough to provide you with milk etc if requested. Some of the other reviews said that there were many restaurants and cafes in the…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money,Our party of six wanted a reasonable priced hotel within comfortable reach of a major underground-station. We got what we looked for. The hotel was not fashionable and a bit affected to wear and tear.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Visit November 2015,"We used this hotel as it was convenient for our visit to craven cottage for football, hotel is not very fashionable and needs to be cleaned from top to bottom. Not impressed with the 14.00 check in time as we were going to football. Breakfast was from 8am in morning which isn't very helpful if you want a night out, it was a nice breakfast though👍",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst place!,"Filthy, unhygienic carpets throughout. Tiny, dirty bedroom. Peeling paint in bedroom. No toiletries in bathroom. And so on and so on. Stay only if you want to sleep and stay outside most of the time. Avoid.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DISGUSTING,"Absolutely a nightmare! Dirty, unpolite staff and very rude, noisy and small room! One of the worst experience I ever had. An hostel would be much more comfortable and luxury. Please do not go and avoid it at all times.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel I've ever stayed in!,"1. Surly, insolent guy on reception. Correction - surly and insolent when he could be bothered to communicate. 2. Filthy, unhygienic carpets throughout.  3. Tiny, dirty bedroom. 4. Peeling paint in bedroom. 3. No light in bathroom (probably a good thing - the mould around the tiling was only just visible). 4. No toiletries in bathroom. 5. Breakfast out of a packet (but at least the breakfast staff were polite, unlike the guy on reception). 6. Paper-thin walls, so no way to miss the guy rambling on in the next room until 3:30 am without earplugs. 7. And so on and so on.  Avoid at all costs!",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Reception looks 5* shame about the rest,Really disappointed in the hotel and the staff. I tried to sleep around 10pm but the room was stupidly hot. I bared it out until midnight when I thought enough is enough and went to reception to ask for a fan. I stood and waiting for 10 minutes before somebody appeared at the desk. They couldn't provide me with a fan and told me to open the window which I had already done. The rooms are okay but good luck to anyone trying to get to sleep in this hotel.,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Wouldn't stay again! ,Stayed here for a break away to London.  Hotel was not brilliant and if I'm being honest I don't think I would recommend.  Don't think they know what a duster is - dust EVERYWHERE and very THICK.  Room was tiny!  Water pressure was very poor.  Burn on top of head board - should really be replaced.  One plug available which wasn't great when there is two of us staying.  Bathroom tiny and quite claustrophobic.  Radiator wouldn't turn off so room was extremely warm had to have the window open all night - room faced onto a very busy London road so sleeping wasnt great.  We didn't have breakfast do can't comment on that.  Only good thing was hotel was very close to tube station and that the hotel had parking. (£15 per day).  ,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good,"It was a good stay: comfortable room and beds. The bathroom was a bit small, but enough. The neigbourhood was nice and quite. Ok breakfast. All in all, an average stay. But you get what you pay for. The best part was the location: one minute from the tube!",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Seedy Grotty and Run Down,"Th radiator didn't turn off so I had to leave the window open (the window faced onto a BUSY London main road), that made sure that I got no sleep. The sink in the bathroom was mostly blocked (couldn't use that), made a cup of coffee with the stuff provided ( no milk, no spoon and the coffee tasted of furniture polish (guess what the cleaner had cleaned the cup with)), the cup had been furniture polished, it's a shame she hadn't done other bits of the room, if you like dust you'll love this place along with splash marks of god knows what everywhere (the beds, the furniture and the fittings). I've stayed in LOTS of Ibis hotels before this was without doubt the worst",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A very good budget hotel,"Stopped here  9 october and i had read the reviews after I had booked this hotel and was a bit apprehensive whereabouts we was going to. But honestly it was brilliant for the price, in a great location, go to the goose pub down the road for cheap booze and food from a chain pub. The room was a bit tight but comfortable and clean. The breakfast was lovely (bacon, sausage, beans and egg with three half of toast butter and jam. Plus orange juice and tea coffee. It was just enough, no wastage and tasted lovely. I would definitely stop here again the staff were lovely too. Would definitely recommend and ignore the reviews. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"If traveling alone and on a tight budget, I'd consider it again.","First impression of the hotel was as we approached from the main street.  The outside appeared run down.  Not what I expected judging from the hotel's web site. The lobby was much better. Check in was painless.  Front desk staff was efficient and friendly.  What mattered most to me were clean sheets and an in-room shower and toilet.  Check.  But for the money, the room... smelled musty and old, tiny with a mere meter on one side of the bed and less than that at the foot.  No where near the modern appearance of the room on the website.  Carpet was well musty and old.  One blinding halogen light in the headboard.  The light above the mirror in the bedroom didn't work.  We asked to have the bulb changed and instead to light the room they left us with a small desk lamp as seen in…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good value for money hotel,"This hotel is a very good budget hotel and is ideally situated only five minutes from the nearest Underground station. Okay the room was small and the bathroom even smaller, but that's nothing new in London for hotels in this price range. The room was clean and fine for our stay. In reality we did not spend long periods of time in the room. The breakfast was okay. It would have been better had the entire contents of my plate not been swimming in baked bean juice. Overall, this hotel is worth considering. It was actually better value than Travelodge.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money. Budget hotel.,"Stayed in Rm 104. Travelled with a friend for a lads weekend. Fine for a 2 or 3 night stay. Basic, clean sheets, pillows could be better, acceptable bathroom, thin towels, redecoration needed in several areas, parking, breakfast included (change your sausages). Pleasant front desk staff. Good nearby pubs., The Prince of Wales and The Lilley Langtree. Very handy to West Brombton Tube, Earls Court,  local shops as well as Stamford Bridge. Very easy access to central London.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ok as a base for a night or two.,"Just back from one night here with my family. After reading the dreadful reviews, we were rather worried! We had a quad room which has been recently refurbished, so was freshly painted new carpet, curtains etc. The beds all had fresh, clean linen on and the bathroom was ok but a little mouldy in the corners, but had plenty of hot water, loo rolls etc, no shower gel though, only bars of hand soap.TV in room and a tea tray with teas,coffees etc. We also had the full english brek in on the deal, which was fine, not amazing, but certainly plenty and it was fresh, the staff were helpful too. This place is by no means luxury, but it is just fine for a night or two whilst seeing a show or sight seeing as it is right next door to West Brompton tube and Earls Court. We paid £108.00 for…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very good budget hotel at the central of London,"The room size is acceptable as I traveled solo but I guess it would be very cramped for 2 as I was given a twin.  For the low price, I got free breakfast and fast wifi with the train station just a few steps away.  Cleaning staff comes everyday; restaurant crew fast and efficient, though breakfast choices limited,  front desk staff attentive and helpful.  I would certainly go back given the chance and would not hesitate to recommend to my friends. Stayed 8 days.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Average,"The hotel is well positioned near West Brompton tube and a busy bus route. Its basic and the price reflects that fact. My main complaint surrounds maintenance, or lack of it. How hard is it to fix a couple of minor plumbing problems or a squeaky door hinge? It appears as though the place is trying to operate without a system of maintenance.  The 'No Food in Rooms' signs on printed A4 sheets stuck around the foyers gives the place a youth hostel feel.  A bit of professionalism is needed. If you can get past the abovementioned issues its really not as bad as some reviewers are making out. Breakfast was quite edible. Yes the decor needs an update but I'm more interested in the food and the cleanliness and I wouldn't have stayed there if they weren't up to scratch.  If you are a…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Basic Hotel,"We stayed there for 6 nights. Hotel very close to West Brompton train station. Walking distance to convenient store and halal restaurant. Front desk staff from Philippines very friendly. Wifi signal very reliable but unfortunately you can only surf for 1gb per user a day. We have to pay additional GBP 25 per night for our 4 year old daughter and for me, that amount is too much.  Room and toilet are clean. Sugar and cream are provided but without coffee or tea sachet. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Checked out after 20 mins,"Shabby hotel, everything is a bit grotty here. The lifts have graffiti and scribbles over the safety notices that haven't been attended too. There were so directions to which rooms where in which direction leaving you to wander the mouldy smelling corridors with fire doors propped open with take away leaflets!  The room was so small the bed was squeezed in a corner so could only be accessed from one side (not even the end), the furniture stuck out as the room was just too small for it. The bathroom looked worn, with chipped paint and a bit mouldy.  We decided we just couldn't stay here and turned around and checked out, I'd rather loose the £80/90 than stay a night in this hotel sadly. ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Basic but handy,"Two nights in London with no particular itinerary to worry about other than a vague 'must see the V and A' goal. We booked online despite reading some very strongly worded reviews, and decided it was worth the gamble for the secure parking. We arrived at two after a very pleasant drive from Manchester. A very smart foyer betrays 2 teeny lifts, and my companion took the stairs. Reception is delightfully clear about the 'No food' policy, and we met the owner very briefly. Our twin room was small, but very clean and fresh. Heating was on, but we turned it off. We had a street facing room, but being from Manchester street sounds are no problem. The hotels main selling point is how near to West Brompton it is, and the bus service that noone ever talks about is super efficient and way…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One Night- Not more,"I went to this hotel because it promoted new refurbished and renovated rooms on the website. Uhm,... Not really!!! I went in there and the first thing was, that they missed my reservation. After nearly 20mins of waiting they offered me a room as big as a cell smelling disgustingly of bleach! I felt dizzy after 2mins in there. I was not even able to move in this room, because it was so small. I went back to the reception, asking for a different room, because I was not going to stay one night in this room. They said, the smell came from the cleaning, which was just done,... (Not very clean either!). So they offered me a different room on the 4th floor, where the elevator just goes to the 3rd floor. So you first need take the lift to the 3rd floor and then walk the last stairs. …",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Give this place a miss, Lucky for us we had only a night stay here. You couldn't stay any more then that. Yes it was close to the tube but that's the only positive. The reception staff are unhelpful & don't want to be there.  The hotel room was the most filthiest room I have ever stayed in. The toilet was filthy ( and I won't go into filthy details) there was old soap left in the shower from the last person & my favourite was finding a pair of men's shoes and dirty underwear under a blanket in the cupboard!  Rooms are very small hot & cramped. There are much better and certainly cleaner places in London. Make sure you read trip advisors reviews before booking. We didn't as someone booked it for us from Australia not knowing what the place was like! ,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worth the money at about £50 for B & B,"Oh this is basic,no sign of any attempt to keep it in shape but the rooms are not bad and you get a breakfast, provided you're there before 9 a.m.I was here on a boy's weekend and it fits the bill  for that purpose.Don't expect frills,there aren't any.I didn't expect the shower head to be encased in insulating tape though..............had a bath,it's what you do,accept what you get for the money you pay.Would suit the younger,less fussy traveller upgrading from hostel but not yet able to afford acceptable hotel fare.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Faulty Towers!,"Where shall we start?......This has got to be the worst hotel we have ever stayed in! On arrival both lifts weren't working, thank goodness we didn't have much luggage, and there was no indication of the floor numbers on the stairs. The room was miniscule with no electric socket by the bed and only one spare by the TV. The bathroom door was hanging off its hinges and had to be lifted to close. The cleanliness of the bathroom was disgusting.....toilet had not been cleaned and had pubic hairs and urine stains around the rim! There was only half a roll of toilet paper which had run out by morning and bath and sink needed a good scrub. The walls and door was splattered with paint and shower head leaked more from the hose than the shower head itself. The radiator was red hot in the…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Basic,but did the job.","We Stayed here for one night,and it was ok,the bonus is that it is very near to the West Brompton tube station,so we were able to get to our destination(Southbank centre) very easily,staff were nice,but carpet in rooms could do with replacing.our room was street facing,but we still managed to have a pretty good nights sleep ,would use again :)",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Again ,a excellent stay at this hotel.",I stayed at this hotel for one night on 18th September .It is excellent value for money. Please remember it is only about £75.00 per night for a room-very good value for a  central London hotel.There is also free Wi-Fi.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Fairly good value for money,"The location is convenient and 2 minutes walk from West Brompton tube station. It offers value for money for the budget traveller with no frills. The rooms are slightly compact, but comfortable.  Check the rules and have queries cleared before, they will be unable to clarify to change anything from the stated rules. (So no slightly late checkouts etc)  The bathroom sink was a bit small and the corridors are bit narrow.   But overall it is a great value for money, if you need a fairly basic place with fresh linen and reasonable beds.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible experience ! ,"Definitely horrible , it smells bad , my bed smelt the cigarette and the bin in the bathroom was not empty...  The carpet is disgusting and the closets smells bad The wifi is very slow and limited   Only positive point : nicely located , next to the underground station and TV   ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid at all costs ,"Absolutely terrible place , very poor receptionists with no people skills. Tiny rooms , bathroom that dirty the cockroaches don't stay . The breakfast was passable if you have not eaten for a year. Generally a really rubbish unclean unkempt place. I have seen better youth hostels. Please note I'm not a professional moaner, I rarely write reviews good or bad,but I feel this needed to be said . ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very basic,"Stayed with my husband & 10 month old son for one night. Double rooms are tiny and would not fit a travel cot (hotel is NOT young child friendly - no cots or highchairs provided). Staff were very helpful & we appreciated being moved to the family room. This was a really good size and not too bad. However, the bathroom was shocking - it was so small that your knees touched the mini bath when on the loo! The door was awful & didn't fit properly so you had to lift it to close it. A lot of wear and tear in the whole room. Breakfast was shockingly disappointing. Full English Breakfast is not 'full' no mushrooms, tomatoes or hash browns. Sausages really poor quality and the plate was swimming in beans. Even to get the continental items you had to order them rather than a self service.…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolutely disgusting DO NOT BOOK HERE,Rooms are tiny Dirty Breakfast was included but inedible Shower curtain hangs in the middle of the bath Do not make my mistake and think that it could not possibly bee that bad It is worse ! Avoid Avoid Avoid at any cost !,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap hotel with strange staff located central ,"More or less good prices for the location which is really super central, only 3 minutes walking to West Brompton station.  The staff at the reception tries to be funny but is actually a bit strange.  We booked a double room for a 50 years wedding anniversary with the request to have a more less nice view and we got a very tiny twin bed room with no space for luggage, viewing to the parking.  Breakfast poor.  Bed very cosy - quite clean for London standards!  If you don't expect too much and wanna pay les in good location book it! ",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Functional,"Stayed here for Chelsea v PSG.  Hotel is quite convenient to Stamford Bridge, especially on foot (25 - 30 minute walk).  The room is small but functional and breakfast is similarly functional.  No big dramas with our stay at all, the Hotel did the job sufficiently for the price. (no drop down option for the month we attended the match I'm afraid so we chose October 2014)",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible. No Heating.  My 2 young kids were freezing cold. Had to change hotels at 10.30pm,"I stayed at your hotel on Saturday the 5th of September.  When we got there (myself and my two daughters aged just 7 and 10), the window in the room was open and it was very cold.  I closed the window and tried to turn up the heating.  The heating didn't work.  I went downstairs on the way out and asked at reception if they could take a look at the heating as it was very cold.  They said they would take a look at it.  We went out fort a few hours and when we came back I asked if they had sorted it.  The person on the desk was a different person and didnt know anything about it.  We went upstairs to get changed, and came back down and asked again.  They said they would take a look at it.  We went out again, and came back around 10pm.  The heating was still not working and it was…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Rather bad experience,"Very tiny rooms. Very old decoration. Decent breakfast. Staff not always friendly, especially with non english speaking customers. Alarm went off twice during one night, and drunk client shouted and banged at doors during another one. Not very expensive, but really old and rather ugly.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,HOTEL LILLY,"Please do NOT book a room at this hotel it is a DUMP, The room had,no phone, no bedside table, no restaurant, a tiny TV, the windows would not close, it had 4 single beds, smoke alarm was hanging off the cealing, this is probably the most depressing place i have ever stayed at. :-(",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid at all costs,"Booked into this hotel whilst visiting the Apollo in Hammersmith. Worn out dishevelled and never to be used again. Room walls had fluid stains on them, floor carpet had a large bleached bare area, shower was awful and had mould on tiles and parts missing. A complete joke and should never be a hotel. Would rather sleep rough next time...",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AVOID AVOID AVOID AT ALL COSTS,I was booked into this hotel by someone else for a business trip. The reception staff were both incredibly ignorant and rude. They seemed to think that they were doing you an enormous favor by bothering to talk to you or look at you whilst you checked in. When I asked why I had to leave my car parked half in the road in front of the barrier causing an obstruction to other cars ( because apparently I had to prove I had a booking In order to be let through !)  I was basically told if I didn't like it I could lump it !  I was then immediately forced to pay £30 for the privilege of parking for two days in advance and not at check out as would be the case in any other hotel. Again this was done with an attitude that didn't come close to the basic levels of civility anyone should…,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting,"Stayed here for two nights due to work. Frankly I would rather stay in a kennel than stay here again. The bathroom was very mouldy due to no ventilation, there were stains on every wall ,radiator and carpet. I doubt they vacuum the rooms more than once a month as the floors were dirty. The heating was on permanently with no way of adjusting it so the window had to be left open all night to enable you to breath but this then allowed all the noise into the room. Breakfast was not good, orange juice was just about ok but I would not recommend the full English breakfast as its a joke. No idea where they get there sausages from but they don't contain any pork or very little. All in all it was basically very crappy.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very well priced for location,"An ideal budget hotel next to many transport links i.e. Earls court, West Brompoton aswell as being a 15 minute walk to Chelsea stadium. The staff were friendly and nice and the hotel room for one was up to a good standard. i would recommend staying here if you were on a budget.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't waste your money.  Worse than a hostel,"I understand prices in London are quite high but this hotel is CRAP.  The bathroom door was broken. I needed to lift the door a few inches off the hinges just to get it open or closed.  The reception is misleading, it looks nice when you walk in and then you get into the hallways where the rooms are and it's absolute dog crap. Some rooms are even  in the basement. Really sad if someone was to pay a full price for that. Luckily my room was on a higher floor. Window facing the busy street so it was very loud. Which would be somewhat fine if I could close the window but everytime I closed it, it kept opening... the shower was quite disgusting. I believe I paid 80 gbp per night... that was actually a discounted price... I had better standards in a hostel.  The continental breakfast…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Budget hotel in a good location that serves its purpose,"I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for somewhere that has good transport links around a London. It's cheap, clean and basic but you can't expect anymore for the price! Great location and fine to stay for a night or two but not really a holiday hotel",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Deeply disappointed,"Booked on the strength of their claim to be Hotel of the Year 2014 (on their website, I know, I should have checked Tripadvisor). It is shabby and depressing. The bathroom was awful, about the size of a large cupboard, stank of bleach, unclean, I certainly would not have taken a bath there. The only toiletry provided was a sliver of soap. The tea and coffee making facilities were two odd cups and a couple of sachets of tea and coffee. I think the spoon was missing. I think it is a doss-house.  I did not want to venture to the basement for breakfast and we checked out a day early.  Total waste of time and money.  Oh, and they don't answer emails either.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Average,"The hotel is in a good location, not far from a tube station but if you like to walk like i do, its great as you can walk to the Palace and look around. The hotel was great value for money and you get what you pay for, a bed in room.  The Bathroom was ok and the room was clean. I would recommend if you want an over night stay but not for anything romantic or if you plan to spend time in the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If you value your healthy and safety do not stay here under any circumstances!!!,"I booked in here with my family and friends, including my 18 month old granddaughter as the reviews on Booking.com were great, as were the photos of the rooms on there and on the Hotel Lily website.   We arrived aroun 9.30 10.00pm to discover the smell of smoking on all floors (we were on different floors), no numbers on the walls to show you where the rooms were and one of the very old dangerous lifts that have no interior door and you can only get two or max three people in.   The rooms were disgusting and mine hadn't been cleaned at all.  The sheets had not been changed but the bed had been made, well the duvet had been thrown over the bed.  The actual bottom sheet hadnt been made.    In the bathroom there were empty shampoo packets on the side, a used bar of soap and a bath…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Try and Avoid if Possible,"I booked a short break with my fiancée through Superbreaks and as our budget was tight, I chose one of the cheaper deals they offered. I chose Hotel Lily because of its location and its ""three star"" rating.  After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and Facebook, I was dreading to know what we would be greeted with once we arrived. Happily, it wasn't as bad as I had feared. Let's start with the positives:  - Central location and a 2 minute walk from West Brompton Underground station on the District Line. - Great water pressure in the bathroom. - Tea and coffee making facilities in the room. - Free wi-fi.  Now, the negatives: - Tired and shabby decor (don't let the reception area fool you!) - Extremely small bedrooms. - Mould on bathroom ceiling. - Poor decoration and general…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Cheap, no frills in London.","Stayed here one night as an emergency. I just turned up on spec - receptionist was very nice, gave me room 003 - small twin on ground floor. Clean, a bit run down, but acceptable. Travelodge have charged me more for worse. NO BED BUGS! (Believe me, I checked!). Spent a calm, quiet night. Water pressure fantastic for a great shower in the morning. Breakfast was restricted on choice, but what do you expect for £50? Served promptly & politely. Considering it's central London in the summer, you could do a lot worse. Good value if you ask me. If you want an Ibis, walk 2 minutes down the road and pay double (or more.)",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If you only need a place to sleep,"This hotel looks shabby both inside and outside. The rooms are clean enough, but very very small. The breakfast is awful, so plan on eating out. The staff is ok, but not the most friendly.  The only plus for this hotel, other than that the rooms avre very cheap, is that 222 Veggie Vegan, a great vegan restaurant, is a short walk from the hotel - great place for breakfast and lunch.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,An absolute dive.,"Scabby hotel with dirty and threadbare carpets. The ""lift"" is the size of a shoe cupboard that feels likes a metal coffin that will breakdown at any second. Windows covered in mould, questionable stains on the wall and on the carpet. Bathroom thick with mould and mildew on the shower and behind taps. Felt the urge to buy a bottle of bleach. The bedding was clean, however the bed had springs sticking out and only had one pillow so not comfy at all. Other guests going in and out of the fire escapes on the 4th floor to smoke weed. Not nice at all, stay away!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not Good,"Only stayed here one night, but won't be back.  Chosen only for convenience of location and availability. Bedroom was tiny, only one pillow, no hairdryer, not particularly clean. Bathroom was very tiny, not in good condition, not very clean. Breakfast not good - cooked only, no selection; coffee dreadful.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,terrible,"Shabby rooms, insufficient towels, no hair dryer, stained pillows, stained toilet and bath. Worst breakfast ever; no choice of juice, no choice of breakfast, one drink each (awful coffee). Aweful service, no plug in bathroom, no matress protector, impossible to sleep due to heavy traffic and single glazing. Huge hole in room carpet covered by a bath mat!! Never ever again.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stay away,"The rooms in this hotel are terrible we stayed in a room which looked like it has never been clean for about a month! There was dust all over the place, the beds had stains all over the bed, the ceiling had awful black muck on it. Doesn't even look like the pictures on the website there is no gaps in between the beds and the room was tiny.The shower was pointless you could of got more water out of the tap also it had loads of hair stuck in the plug hole.However the breakfast was quick and the staff at breakfast were really nice.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stop over in London,"Stayed here overnight . It was ok as this trip was done on a budget, no frills type of place.Room was ok but very plain, no pictures for example.  Breakfast was very quickly served the next morning. All right for a sleep over but wouldn't be my choice for a weekend away.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AVOID FOR YOUR LIFE!! USED DRUG APPARATUS UNDER BED!!,My boyfriend came to stay here as he worked round the corner. He stayed around 4 days a week every other week. He said it wasnt great but for work and just to get his head down and at being around £80 a night he just got on with it. It stunk of green all the time and was very very unclean. I came to stay with him one night and was appalled at the smell of the place and questionable cleaning. It was freezing in the room as they dont have there heating on and no other radiator or heating in the room to put on. I pulled the blanket out of the wardrobe to put around me and the smell was hideous like it had never been cleaned and someone had been wiping there bum on it! The next day of an awful sleep as i was freezing and the place was so noisy my boyfriend went back and was put in…,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid avoid avoid,Stay away. Stay well away. A friend Found the items in the picture under the bed and hotel would not do a thing about it. This clarify these are used needles. Used by drug addicts to inject heroin. Avoid this hotel at all costs.,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Bra läge,Breakfast was good. Real English breakfast in a nice room. Staff was friendly. Room was a bit boring with no decorations but OK. One of the Days the cleaning was a bit strange. It consisted of stretching the sheets a Little. We asked for Clean towels in the reception and they had only ONE left. We told the receptionist twice that the room was not cleaned but nothing happened. We decided not to care because the room was Clean when we arrived. The tea supply was not refilled unless we Went to the reception and fetched it ourselves. All this were no problems really. We slept very well and as I said the staff were friendly.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Did the job,"We had a train tour starting and ending at nearby West Brompton in the early hours and simply needed a place to sleep that would not break the bank. The ' Lily ' did the job. Tired around the edges but spotlessly clean and comfortable. The rooms are small but facilities, including free WiFi all worked. The staff without exception were helpful an efficient. A cooked breakfast served at your table and included in the price was a bonus. Its a few minutes from the tube and  Within 30 minutes of centre of London. OK this its not the Ritz but it does a good job for the price. Next to a busy main road but in fairness noise was not a problem.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A very good  budget  hotel,"At £55 per night, was a little  bit  wary.          But,     2 minutes  from the  tube, clean, bath  and  shower, scalding  hot, comfortable  bed,pleasant  staff, yes  it is a small breakfast, but plenty  of toast  and  coffee, good  free  wi-fi,good  telly,          Bit cramped, but good wardrobe.      24/7 little  supermarket  next door, and  a chicken  and  chips  place  across the road.              For the  money  it is  spot on.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting,"We recently stayed for two nights at the lillie We choose it because it was resonably priced, close to central london and one of the only places that offered a four bed family room as we have a 2 1/2 year old and an 8 year old. We arrived before check in with plans to leave the car in the on site car park. The staff were friendly welcoming and reception looked very nice. Parking is a great bounce at only £15 per day so ee paid for three days parking and never moved the car until it was time to go home. Thevtrain station is a 5 min walk away and got us every where we needed to go si lication etc is great. We returned on our first day at around 5pm to check in it was all very simple and again staff were friendly. So we make our way up to the room corridors and lift are looking…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good enough,"Fine hotel to stay for 50£ in central London..Just 200mt away from West brompton underground station..breakfast is fine ham sausage bean marmelades butter toast Coffee and juice .. But no shampoo in bath..only soap, No big deal  but it would be better..",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ok for one night,"We stayed in a twin room for bank holiday weekend and seen as though we didn't plan on spending much time in the hotel, it was convenient and at a good price for london. We had read the reviews so didn't expect much.  The car park was fine, we parked away from the main road to avoid the busy street which at night is very lively and noisy, particularly as Chelsea had been playing on the Sunday.  It costs £15 a day, again not bad for central London and the hotel was easy to find.   Rooms were small, with a bath, powerful shower, small tv and tea/coffee making facilities. They could do with a lick of paint and new windows (very noisy outside at night), but were adequate. Towels were changed daily and beds made. An iron and ironing board was available to use in reception.  The one…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,shabby and unwelcoming,"Even for a budget hotel this place is poor.  The evening staff were unfriendly and unhelpful.  The room and bathroom were tiny.  The bed was right up against one wall.  The breakfast was unappealing and served in a basement restaurant that was full of dark and broken furniture.  The common areas looked cluttered with deliveries, cleaning materials and an ironing board. It was a relief to only be staying one night.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Health and safety issues throughout,"We stayed here for 1 night only thankfully.  I booked 3 rooms upon booking i requested a travel cot in 1 room. At no point prior to arrival was i informed that they dont do travel cots??? However i was harresssed for payment when it states on booking.com website payment will be taken on checkin date. The check in - we stood in reception for 10 mins while one fella booked another guest in and the other fella seemed to be busy doing nothing. eventually he asked if i was booking in? He booked us in told us our room num without  any instructions on how to get to our room. Our room was for 3 of us the pics show a double and a single ignore this it's 3 single beds pushed together. Our other party had double rooms. The saying goes ""you can't swing a cat in here"" change it to fly and…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,LONDON,This hotel had a lot of disadvanges.First the bathroom was absolutely inconvinient.The curtains of the room were dirty.They gave us one towel for every use and they were two tiny soaps which they never replace.The quality of sleep was all right and the situation also close to ametro station and where the easy bus stops.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A disappointing trip,"On first entering the hotel it looked great, but when we got to our room it left a bad taste in my mouth!! The lift to the third floor had a gap in the wall which was packed out with cardboard!!! A fire hazard no less! Room was badly in need of decorating...walls were dirty and scuffed and chunks gouged off on the corners, windows black with grime, huge gap under the door( supposed to be a fire door!) no plug in the bathroom sink...we asked three times for one but was never put there.We had a triple room but the only wardrobe where we could put our clothes was only 18 inches wide and contained extra blankets for the beds ( they looked like old orange coloured army blankets) so had to leave our clothes on the foot of the beds. Also, the noise from other rooms next to ours kept us…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good value,"Stayed for one night. Double room small but really clean and staff were polite and friendly. Enjoyed the simple, freshly cooked breakfast - much better than a buffet style and waiter was very polite . Excellent value for a budget hotel . One tip- don't forget to bring a hairdryer with you if you need to use one.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never again,"We stayed at the Lily from 12 to 15th May during my in-laws first ever visit to London from Switzerland. It is by far the worst hotel we have ever known. The rooms are very small and are not very clean. They only serve breakfast which is really inedible and should be avoided at all costs. At the end of a three days stay at some considerable cost (this is not a cheap hotel) they wanted to charge us £5.00 per case to hold our cases is storage for just three hours. My father tried to contact us in our room many times over the three days and was given four different room numbers none of which we were staying in. When my father arrived to collect us on the final day of our stay the receptionists was extremely rude and unhelpful. The window in our room would not close, we had a busy…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Young family.,"The reception kept our bag at the front of the desk all day, so anyone could have taken it. ! The roowas dirty and the shower was so mouldy we didn't dare go in it. The kettle was pat tested in 2009!  As the upkeep of basic hygene was so bad, we decided not to chance the included breakfast!! £130 for the night was a joke.!!  Even the handsoap looked 2nd hand!! Luckily our weekend was amazing so the hotel didn't spoil our mood that much. But we will never stay there again or recommend to our friends!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good location but wont stay here again.,"Where do I start? Arrived and wasnt let into the carpark until I had physically gone into reception, and then was asked to pay upfront for it and they had already taken a charge for the room off my credit card!  Once into the hotel it was very disappointing....tired, dated, dirty (dont let the ""refurbished rooms"" claim fool you) the lift was small and dirty too. The room was small, no hairdryer or trouser press, no toiletries in the bathroom and grotty broken tiles and mucky old shower curtain! luckily I didnt spend too much time in the room as was out for the evening. The breakfast was also poor - one egg, one rasher of bacon, one sausage and beans, all lukewarm served in what seemed like a room that hadnt been decorated since the 1950's! Only the night porter was what you…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good value and service at basic hotel,"The Hotel Lily is not a five star hotel but then it does not claim to be. The staff are friendly in their own way (English, not gushy and over the top) and very helpful. The restaurant staff will remember your breakfast preferences if you stay for a few nights which is nice. The rooms are basic but clean and adequate. The WiFi is average. The price is good. I really have no complaints about this hotel given the price and location.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good location for events in Earls Court but...,"The hotel has a good location if you want to visit an event at Earls Court. Close to the tubes and it has parking. But the welcome was not nice. People are not friendly. Breakfast is only till 9.15 and if you arrive 9.20 there is nothing anymore and you even can't go to have a look. Room is not clean and the bathroom is old and looks used. So if you ask me, don't go there.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,First & Last Time Here,"I stayed here with a work colleague and I must say this is ranked as one of the worst hotels I have had stayed in. We were asked to pay upfront for the car park, which was not a problem, but from my experience you would normally pay when you check out...  The room was tired and drab, it did not feel clean, windows were filthy, there was actually a pin stuck in the curtains that my colleague almost got stuck in his hand! No hair dryer, no iron, no shampoo or shower gel, 2 small clean towels. Bath and tiles were dirty and the bathroom was TINY!   Breakfast was in the basement restaurant which in its previously life I would imagine was some sort of gentlemen's club from the 70's and the decor is unchanged! Breakfast, if that's what you can call it was vile!! 1 egg, 1 sausage and…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not the place to stay if you want a good nights sleep! ,"We chose this hotel for London marathon weekend because it was available and because it was reasonably priced and photos looked good on booking website, however hotel is nothing like the photos, it's says on website that it's recently been refurbished; I guess their website hasn't been updated for a few years because it was very tired and jaded, paper was peeling of the wall, curtains were stained and ripped and rooms were not big enough to swing the proverbial cat. Only one working plug socket in room, so had to turn TV off to boil kettle, or charge phone, and the towel rail in bathroom kept falling off. The fire doors in the hallway just outside our door creaked and squeaked every time someone when through them keeping us awake when late night revellers were returning to their…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,London here we come,"Now admittedly we only paid £225 for 2 rooms (one twin, one double) with breakfast.  BUT the double room was so small it was ridiculous.  Not sure what rooms were photographed for the website!  Bed linen was clean.  Bathroom  not brilliant but ok.  TIn of baked beans left in one drawer in dresser so obviously not checked!  Tea bags etc were not replenished on our second day!  Breakfasts nothing special.  One egg, one bacon, one sausage, one spoon of beans and toast however edible.   Front of house, first day, Irish (I believe) lady very friendly.  First room we had been allocated was not ready and we went down to discuss and were immediately given a different roo (no 21). As previously stated, very small - bed against 3 walls so only one side to get out of which is no easy feat…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Poor hotel look elsewhere,"This hotel is tired, grubby and in desperate need of a makeover, serves a purpose but wouldn't stay again. Cold coffee, cooked English breakfast the only option  Basically clean but towels in extremely short supply, very small, only one bar of small soap so don't expect any nice little soaps or any chance of shower gel, shampoo etc. For the money I paid it is just about acceptable ",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Bad experience,"The room was dirty and the towels as well, breakfast not very good. The staff, expecially the receptionists not friendly and decisely not kind! I'm very disappointed. The most ridicoulos part was the fee applied for leaving the luggage after the check out.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not too bad actually,"This hotel is fine once you get inside. The signs outside let it down, the reception and rooms are fine and I will let you know about the breakfast in the morning after I've had it. At the price I think its fine. ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good value hotel in central London,"Very good value for an ensuite with free breakfast. Breakfast service could have been improved and there were no non-caffinated drinks (not hard to do!); rooms a bit small. BUT very clean, en suite and excellent access to tube.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice,"Nice, not modern but comfortable, 5 minutes to underground. Breakfast: toasts, eggs, bean, jam, orange juice, coffe/tea. Small corridors, room and toilet but enough for 2 persons. Good place to stay 2-3 nights.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,a good stay,"hotel is old needs doing up,but its clean good staff and a free breakfast well priced as we needed a room to sleeps 3 people. all you need is here. good train and tube connections if flying into Gatwick  airport easybus  drop off and pick up is beside hotel.hotel is surrounded by quite streets  seems a safe place.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Excellent Value for Money,"The hotel is an excellent location very neara tube station so great as a base to explore central London. the rooms was small, very small, but was clean. Comfy bed with crip bed linen. The walls were thin so I could hear the people in the adjaent room. BUT excellent value for Central London. there is no restaurant but the nearby Prince of Wales pub does good value pub food.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"You pay for what you get; no less, no more","A correct not expensive hotel well located for 1-2 night stay in London, 100% correct for a tourist or professional trip to London. Very small rooms (15m2 including a en-suite bathroom), very clean, silent (at least in the second or upper floors) during night time, friendly staff at the restaurant, not so friendly at the reception, although quite professional. Wi-fi was not charged to me, although it is advertised as such (5 gbp per 24h). Leaving the bags at the reception is charged, as the parking.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Owners daughter - down right rude.,"The location is fantastic! We couldn't have wished for a more convenient location. 2 mins from west brompton tube.   Rooms were very small, but adequate. We did not expect anything better for the price.   This would have been a 3/4 rated review if it wasn't for the service.  I phoned reception to request a couple of extra towels, and found myself being shouted at. ""I am on my own down here, come and get your towel"". When I turned up she was extremely rude and refused to give me two towels, so we had to make do with one. I later found out this was the owners daughter. She certainly didn't get her job due to her charm.   This some what soured our visit, and we will not be returning.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Shelley,"Worst hotel iv ever stayed in really dirty and the customer is disgusting so rude the room was freezing and when I phoned down about they didn't care a told me the heating only comes on a few hours a day, the hot water never worked no light in the bathroom the towels were dirty with holes in and the breakfast was so bad it made me sick I know it's short budget hotel but it's not that cheap it's still £80.00 for one night and £15.00 for there car park   I'm surprised it's still open and I'm upset and hurt that myself and my partner had the worst night ever don't ever come here it will leave you so disheartened out of pocket I'm still hurt and angry  and when I informed the staff about my feelings. Eat more marmalade lol xxx",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never again,Stayed here feb27-march 2nd 2015 was relived to leave the hotel wasn't up to standard at all rooms were not clean floors were filthy breakfast was not satisfieing at all no plug in bathroom sink cups in restaurant and room were filthy paint coming from walls plastic wire in corridor was coming of walls any child could be able to pull it off noisy outside carparrk untidy lose tiles outside upon arrival of hotel one waiter had white shirt on not even ironed hair was greasy beds uncomfortable thin pillows so basically I will not be staying here again for the price we paid 243-00 totally unacceptable ,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Fantastic value for money,"We booked this hotel last-minute. At the time it was the absolute cheapest we could find in zone 2 so close to the date of our stay. I was a bit afraid after reading so many horrible reviews (including terrible pictures), but our stay was fine. Room was basic but recently refurbished and clean with two comfortable twin beds, television, extra blankets, amenities for coffee/tea, etc. The twin beds were very light and easy to move so we made it into a double. The bathroom was older (there was what looked like rust in the toilet), but okay. I slept well despite the room being very warm (I am not sure why as the radiator wasn't on and the window was open, this might be a thing). Breakfast was included in our booking and okay. They only served English breakfast (egg, bacon, sausage,…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Omg never stay here if you have any allergies or illness,"After booking the hotel for s night away with my daughter I emailed regarding food allergies and got a short sharp email back . My daughter is gluten intolerant so I wanted to know about breakfast! Well a reply of don't eat bread or cereal didn't install much confidence with me upon arrival there was a couple complaining and asking to move rooms! We got to our room and dropped out bags and left almost immediately to go out upon return we found light not working but it was nearly midnight so all we wanted was sleep, mmmm sleep no about an hours sleep all night the bed was hard and uncomfortable. At breakfast we went I had already guessed it was going to be interesting, and that it was orange juice was put on the table without asking - I don't even like it so that was wasted, when…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get what you pay for,"Lots of bad reviews and I understand why.. However, you get what you pay for! The rooms do need a refurb but the rooms and hotel are adequate.. Hot water and breakfast included £140 for 2 nights for 2 people.. Bargain! ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice cheap hotel,"Stayed here for a couple of nights in a twin room with my mum.  The room was lovely and clean and comfortable. We enjoyed the breakfast each morning. For what you pay, this hotel is a bargain and relatively central but away from all the hustle and bustle. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Great location, excellent value for money","If you are happy to pay £45 per person in London this is the hotel for you. It is actually £45 per room but rooms are too small for two people. Get a room on your own. Bathroom is REALLY small. I had to sit side saddle on the toilet and my friend in his room, because he's a big man, had almost to stand OUTSIDE the bathroom to take a shower. If you're not keen on heat then stay away. Room was absolutely red hot even though I turned the radiator off. Radiator musn't have been functioning properly as it was definitely still on. Was bearable as it was late January when I stayed but wouldn't like to stay there any month beyond March in view of the heat. What I can say though, which differs vastly from a lot of reviews on here, is that the room was absolutely spotless. They're a bit…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,stay at hotel lily on 31st january 15,"i want to start of by saying how clean and tidy and respectable the hotel looks from the main reception. my girlfriend and i stayed in this hotel on 31st january - 1st february 15 which my girlfriend had payed for as a birthday present for myself the room itself was £64, but i wouldnt have even paid £1 to stay. Keep reading to find out why ------>. we were greeted by friendly staff who gave us our room key. when we went to our first room we were excited as it was our first time away together. when we opened our door we were greeted with an awful smell and 2x single beds when we ordered 1x double. i wasnt happy with this so i went to the receptionist who told me that was the only room that they had free at the time. we were then given another room to which when we opened that…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and cheerful,"Managed to get this hotel for just £45, which included breakfast. In the rooms, the fittings are tired and the decor shabby but it seemed pretty clean. The bathroom is VERY small. The breakfast was the quickest I think I have ever been served: orange juice, coffee, toast and cooked breakfast all arriving at my table within a couple of minutes of being seated. All in all I think it was value for money.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get for what you pay for!!,We booked this hotel as we were driving to London and wanted a cheap hotel with reasonable parking prices. We found hotel lily and it was very cheap for central London.  The room was stinking of smoke and overlooking the busy road so was noisy. We booked a double but was given a twin. My advice if you choose to stay here...call the hotel direct and ask for a non smoking smelling room not overlooking the road and check it's what you booked I.e double. Twin etc. Breakfast was included but after seeing the room we decided not to even try the breakfast.  If you can avoid staying here do!!,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,you get what you pay for,"Very good location about 100 yards from west From underground. I got a room for £41 with breakfast for the night, so very cheap for London. I was in room 14. The decor was very poor. Needed sorting. Bathroom was clean but toilet seat was damaged and had marks on the seat and the basin also had marks on it. The shower was good. It was powerful and hot. Light over bed didn't work but as soon as I told reception it was dealt with. Lovely cooked breakfast and staff were quick and polite. If you just want a cheap bed for the night this is an ideal place. If you want 'the Ritz' standards, then don't come here. For the price and a one night stay this is a good place to stay. All the staff I came in contact with were very friendly and polite.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"clean, comfortable and good value for money","I stayed in this hotel in December 2014 for one night and found it most satisfactory. The rooms were clean, warm, and comfortable, with plenty of storage space.  The hotel was conveniently located close to Earl's Court, with easy access to central London.  At £45.00 per night with breakfast included, I thought that this was very good value for money, and may prove a reasonable alternative to getting a taxi home when staying out late in London. A choice of full English or Continental breakfast was offered. I opted for the full-English, which was of a good standard.A waiter service is provided for breakfast, as opposed to the usual help  yourself buffets which seem to be the norm these days. Overall a very pleasant stay, and I would definitely consider staying here again, should I…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Theatre ,"Great place , easy to get to , would go bk again , staff very helpful , rooms nice , bath and shower , breakfast good , room cleaned every day , close to trains and underground , very clean hotel , lots of hot water , hotel is a must , shows up the next door hotel , which would be double the cost ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,great hotel at reasonable rates,"I have taken my club to this hotel for an overnight stay in the last 2 years and we all find the staff very good and the rooms very clean and beds comfortable the hotel has a large lounge bar where food can be purchased also a buffet restaurant and a a-la carte one and the food is always good, also the buffet breakfasts have a large selection. the overnight price is very reasonable for London.and will certainly come again when in London.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,filthy stinking grotty dive !,"stayed at this pit on 9/12.2014 , it is absolutely filthy dirty, I thought I was in rick and eddies flat on the programme  bottom, we were given THREE  different rooms and why baffled me totally since not one of them were any different to the first pit they gave us, the bathroom door did not shut, I thought bob the builder had fitted it, the bathroom itself made me pewk as it was rotten, feaces all over the toilet and walls, hair stuck in the bath, filthy net on the windows, filthy window frames which made me feel lousy just touching the things,  it was just gross, a taxi booked through the hotel to take us to the albert hall didn't show up, the receptionist then told us to get a train with my 80yr old mother because he didn't want to google a taxi number for us to get to the…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Surprised So Many Poor Reviews - Very Good Value In My Experience.,"I stayed for one night. The single room was at a heavily discounted rate, but even at the price I would want somewhere clean and functional. Happily that is what I got. The single room was very adequate, the bedlinen fresh and clean. All the electrical items worked, the bathroom clean and tidy, communal areas were okay although the dining room is dated. Breakfast nothing special, but again, it did the job. The staff were friendly and helpful.  As others have said, the wifi is very slow, with frequent drop-out and I gave up on it after an hour. It didn't cost anything though and I wasn't really bothered. A night off the internet is a good thing now and again!  All in all, it was a good value budget hotel and I'd certainly stay there again. Admittedly, my review is partly in…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Receptionist tried to scam us,"1 star. Hotel receptionist tried to scam us out of 20 pounds at 5.30 in the morning. But more on that later.   The hotel itself is a one or possibly two star hotel. The fire containment doors are permanently closed (and are quite heavy, estimated that you need to push each of the doors with 25 kg force to open), forcing you to push them open every time you go from the lift to your room or from your room to the lift, or to the breakfast room in the basement. The rooms are very small, the beds soft and springy (got a spring in my back a few times, but I can sleep through anything). The rooms were clean and the towels changed every day. The only thing provided apart from towels was soap, so bring your own shampoo etc. The breakfast served is full English, served with orange juice.…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in,"I have read many of the poor reviews about this place and I have to say  they are very accurate  as they mirror my experience of the hotel. The communal areas were tacky; stained carpets, dreary decorations with paint peeling off in many areas. I suppose you could live with that if the rooms were clean , but frankly they weren't. My bed linen was  covered in  stains, there were hairs in the bed, which weren't mine, and the entire room was just grubby. The pillows ,as someone else had commented on here , were wafer thin , so I had to use a manky blanket which was stored on the floor of the wardrobe , so God knows what sort of state that was in. The toilet seat was broken and the tap in the sink was leaking. The breakfast was as  described by others and was pretty unappetising.…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Cheap room, get what you pay for!","Stayed last Saturday 15th Nov, small, spartan room with a mate for England game. Twin beds a bit small, had to pay for Wi-Fi and deposit required for remote if required. Fairly basic, but cheap which was all that was required. Limited breakfast choice served, but extra received upon request. As not in the room much, no issues but certainly not luxury. In bathroom just a couple of threadbare bath towels and no plug for sink. I phoned earlier to ask would be available to be told no it will be 2. Advertised as out by 10am next day.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Complete and utter shambles!,"This was my first time staying at Hotel Lily, and it will also be my last. I requested an early check in, but when I arrived, me and my companion were informed that we would have to wait for four hours to check in. We also requested a twin room, however this request was also completely ignored and we were given a double room instead. When we actually got to check in, the room was virtually claustrophobic, very tired decor and hairs and grime found within bath, shower was unwashable, the toilet was repulsive, and then broke and would not flush, glasses were not washed, didn't bother to venture to breakfast as I wanted to check out as quickly as I could, customer service was average at best that it is not worth £31 a night, let alone the £91paid. Do yourself a favour book another…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A pleasant one night surprise !,"I booked this hotel at the very last minute. I normally book hotels in advance and I normally never pay more than £100 per night. I understand for that price you will get limited facilities and amenities however in the case of the Hotel Lilley it was a very pleasant surprise. Firstly, the room was clean and tidy and had tea making facilities. The shower bathroom was good clean although a little small, perfectly adequate. The best part for me what's the breakfast in these kinds of hotel she normally just get a continental breakfast but here at the hotel really I got a full English breakfast with toast and jam to follow and as much coffee as I could drink - it was excellent. I would recommend this hotel to friends want a cheap overnight stay in West of London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Amazing Stay,"The rooms in the newly furbished part of this hotel are really well put together and comfortable. Lovely and quiet I always sleep well here. Handy car park, although with limited spaces. Great bathroom with everything you need. Front desk is always efficient and welcoming and get you to your room as quick as they can. There can be some good prices for a London hotel, and breakfast is included.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DONT DO IT!!!!!!!!!,"We had 3 rooms for 2 nights on a business trip and I have to say it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! The reception area is misleading to say the least. I entered my room and it looked like a murder scene there was spats of blood on the walls, a hand print and what looked liked a bleached blood stain on the floor. I don't know what it actually was but I have added pictures. There was hair around my bath, the toilet seat was broken and the shelves were just filthy. There was no hot water unless you ran the water for 10-15 mins before you wanted to get in! The breakfast described as a full English was a sausage, 1 bit of bacon, 1 questionable egg and watery beans. The staff were in jeans and creased shirts and looked very dishevelled. The only saving grace was the toast…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Nice Hotel,"Stayed at this hotel for three nights to see London exhibition, of course. From the initial greeting the staff were very friendly and welcoming. This was consistant throughout the stay. The room was very quiet, clean and extremely comfortable, much appreciated after a long day of walking everywhere. Only a short walk to the underground and if you wanted to go to Kew Gardens, well the bus goes right past the door. Good value for money,  Breakfast at the Hotel was basic but very good, Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and would most certainly return . Thank you",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great for what you pay,"Stayed here 4 times now and when I go back to London would stay again. Its cheap so therefore you wont get Hilton Hotel standards  Some things do let the hotel down tho, the cleaning, in our room there was an old flyer left on the bedside table from the previous guests. The bathroom door could have done with a wipe over as I saw what looked like toothpaste stains on the inside. I've only ever stayed in the twin rooms and was very happy with the size of room however I have seen one of the double rooms and it was tiny room that had a double shoved inside. Not sure if all double rooms are like that. The breakfast was fine, beans was cold first day but happens.  All in all get what you pay which was a good nights sleep adequate breakfast and a price you wont find in many places in…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,2 uncomfortable nights,"Worst Hotel ever stayed in, First of all assumed Free Wi-Fi as in Booking.Com website advertised to be told its £5 for 24 hours, Room was musty and really warm as radiator was on full blast and with no way of turning off, When I pulled back the bed covers I noticed that whoever made the bed had long dark hair as the covers were full of hair !!! Room was very noisy with the windows closed, the bathroom or closet as it was so small had a filthy shower head and no sink plug so couldn't have a clean wash - the provision of 2 towels were clean but as they were next to a extract vent they were being covered with dust !!! - during the night the casement window broke leaving a massive crack - after a poor and very basic given breakfast I complained to the desk about it to be told…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Budget hotel that does not pretend to be anything else,"I stayed last night in Hotel Lily, I paid £65 sterling for a twin room with breakfast. You know, for that, I did not expect a swimming pool, 5 star restaurant, a string quartet playing in the lobby - and I didn't get them. I expected a good value, cheap hotel and that is what I got. It is in a fantastic location, just beside West Brompton tube, right beside where the easyjet bus drops you from Gatwick airport.  The small English breakfast was as good as anything I'd make myself at home so all these reviewers giving out about cheap beans need to get over themselves. Really. It's a budget hotel, let me repeat, it's a BUDGET hotel and for what it is, it is a very good example. I'd have no problem staying there again, or recommending it to my friends.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great Budget Hotel,"Really nice modern hotel, 5 minutes walk from West Brompton underground.  The staff were really helpful and welcoming.  The accommodation was modern and very clean.  Breakfast was included in an older part of the hotel.  We had a small English breakfast which was very nice and everything was brought to the table.  Definitely a great value hotel compared with some others in a similar price range - we  paid £85 for a twin room.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The worst hotel I've ever stayed at!,"Hands down the worst hotel I've ever experienced. Things didn't start well when I had to call them the day before and the staff seemed really abrupt and unwilling to help in a matter I raised with them. Upon checking in, we walked to the room and the corridor was absolutely filthy - the carpet was disgusting and the walls looked as though they hadn't been painted in quite some time. The room itself though was something else altogether. The radiator was on full blast making the room unbearably hot and it couldn't be turned off - we had to keep the windows closed due to the noise from the road outside. There was dust everywhere meaning that the cleaning efforts must be well below satisfactory. Each of the twin beds only had one wafer thin pillow. Like the corridor the carpet and…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Customer service, whats that?","I booked this hotel as I needed a low cost base for a two day business trip to London. At £65 for the room in the centre of London I though it was great value. Unfortunately you definatley get what you pay for and I wished that I had now gone for a more mid-range hotel.  One of the big benefits of Hotel Lily is that it has on-site parking which was another reason I chose this hotel. On arrival I pulled up to the barrier and waited for it to open, after around 5-10 mins the barrier had still not opened even though the staff in the reception could clearly see me waiting. I decided to turn off my engine and go in to the reception to see what the issue was. They told me that I had to check in before I could park my car. As this is the centre of London it is quite difficult to park…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Could not have chosen a worse ""hotel""","This is undoubtedly the worst we have ever stayed at, together or separately. We have not really spoken to the staff much so will not comment on it. However, the room, breakfast, cleanliness, maintenance. Disgusting.  Upon entering the room, we realized how dirty the carpet was. Stained, used, dirty. Bathroom : The sink stopper was mostly stuck and could not allow the water to drain, so we ended up waiting 5 minutes for it to clear. Side cover of bath was half broken, half rusted. Bath did not seem clean, so we did not have shower. Housekeeping does not know about the existence of descaler. Mirror and walls looked okay. Bed was medium comfortable, tv had about 6 channels only. Walls were dirty and here and there spider webs were hanging. A kind note from the hotel stating we had…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,disappointing stay,"Two night stay for 4 adults. Convenince re public transport was all I could recommend.  Breakfast was passable, but disconcerting to see waiter serving , and then cleaning the public bathrooms, albeit with his waiters shirt off and his tshirt on. Our bathroom door wouldn't close, so no privacy and the toilet seat was broken. We had to sit sideways on the toilet as there was no room. The rooms were not cleaned properly. The last straw was when we asked about leaving our luggage whilst we spent our last hours wandering the street and were advised there would be a fee of £5.00. Where's the service??????",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"IF you stay, you WILL complain..... Simples !","Was booked in here for a business trip for 4 nights purely on the locality benefits to my work place and the cost.   Reception is ok, the rest of the place isn't. It's dirty, smelly and uncared for. Walls, carpets, toilets and sinks are nothing less than minging ! Nothing gets cleaned daily, just the bed sheets pulled back over and the 200 year old bath towel gets changed. I never saw a single cleaner in the place and my room was not cleaned once.  £10 deposit for TV remote ! £15-£20 parking per night and car must be moved by 11am. I was in a room overlooking the main road and was kept awake each night by the p*ss heads who use the hotel car park to drink in to stay out of the rain.  Breakfast was an experience where I never saw a menu and was simply asked each morning ""full…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Diabolical,What can I say that hasnt already been said!!! Myself and my husband arrived early as we requested early arrival only to find the receptionist rang 'someone'to see if our room was ready ... then another woman came to the reception and there was a small conversation and the 2nd woman said that the person who the receptionist phoned by all accounts was on annual leave and only to explain that the person she called spoke very little English and didnt under what was being ask!  Then we was given our room key as we made ourway to our room the landing was dirty and cluttered with dirty linen and when we got to our room open the door to find that the room wasnt vacant so we went back to the receptionist and had a moan! !! We was asked to leave our stuff go sight seeing and come back…,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Thank god we only stayed for one night!,Got this place on Lastminute.com as it was cheap and literally a stone's throw away from where my partner was having his interview in the morning.  I have to say it is the worst place I have ever stayed in.  Delights include: * Leaking toilet complete with mildew and someone else's unflushed urine and toilet paper left in there * Scum-encrusted shower head that obviously hasn't been cleaned or descaled for a long time; possibly since the place was built.  We decided to pass and used baby wipes instead. * Filthy mouldy sink; bearing in mind that there was NO PLUG we ran the water and the basin didn't empty for twenty minutes (major blockage).  I boiled the water in the travel kettle to clean my teeth just to be safe.  Legionnaire's disease hazard! * Walls were dirty and damaged *…,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Beware ,Should be closed down When will the heath inspectors call? The smell in my room lived with me for days after I had escaped. Sinister establishment and the antics of the reception staff provided ample material for a new series of fawlty towers - although Basil could not find employment here as he's British.  ,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,No regrets,"My son and I stayed at this hotel on Saturday night as we attended EGX at Earls Court which was a just  few minutes walk away so location was excellent. Yes the rooms are a bit tired and whoever was responsible for  decorating should consider another career, but it was adequate for our needs, we stayed in our room watching TV in the evening.  The staff were very friendly and we were able to store our bag there on Sunday for a charge of £5.00 which was well worth the price so that we didn't have to lug the rucksack around with us all day. The breakfast was nice, orange juice, tea, toast, bacon egg (nice and runny) sausage and beans. (nothing wrong with the beans!) A lot of us turned up for breakfast at the  same time and the simplicity of this breakfast meant everyone was served…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Wk away ,"Spent 5 nights here beds were so uncomfortable, room to small , breakfast was a big disappointment no cereal offered , towels were like  t towel's , pillows flat as a pancake apart from that enjoyed London I don't recommend hotel at all ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,VILE,"Hated my stay, small unclean rooms, poor service, Terrible breakfast and the staff love to sleep behind the desk. Also asked to speak to the main manager whome was on a ""day off"" so we requested her number and they gave us the hotels contact number! Apauling hated it! I DO NOT Recommend. ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Best atribute is location,"Just got back from a fantastic week end in London. Spent two nights in this hotel. I read all of the other reviews and like to make my own judgement as some people want a five star service for a two star price. Check in was 2pm Friday and the staff were pleasant. We booked a room for three, my wife, teenage daughter and myself. The room had five single beds. I was concerned regarding reports of blood stains on mattresses, although I didn't look at mattresses the sheets although clean had blood stains on and the bed bases were heavily stained and would be best in a skip. The cleanliness was poor and the room itself was very shabby. The breakfast was ok, didn't have the beans as advised but had a sausage, rasher of bacon and fried egg with as much toast as you can eat. The staff…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Outstanding Value for money.,It cost me £58.00 to stay here for one night.My room was had two single beds and was very comfortable.There was a T.V with a wide range of channels.Any hotel in central London similar to this I have found on the internet is at least TWICE the price for a room.I will certainly be coming back here again.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The worst Hotel,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I didn't expect luxury, but the double room was the size of a single. The bathroom door had a huge, splintered crack across it. The bed wasn't made each day and one member of staff was positively abusive. It may be cheap, but avoid it if you can.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,At This Price What More Would You Expect,"Conveniently located for the Tube station at West Brompton and with secure parking available. Those were my reasons for booking three rooms for the weekend to accommodate 3 couples.  NEGATIVES Yes the rooms were small - you could swing a cat, but it would bang it's head on every wall! Yes the standard of décor was poor. Strangely the lifts were tiny! There was a lot of noise from the residents - not the hotels fault, they don't choose the guests!  POSITIVES The shower in the bathroom was excellent plenty of hot water and lots of pressure. The parking area is secure and at £15 for 24 hours, good value for London. The staff were polite and efficient and helpful. The Breakfast service was excellent, nothing too much trouble for the staff.  £75.00 per night!!! What More Would You…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,w/end away,"room was tiny, tiles off and broken in bathroom ,no soap, no towels, carpet filthy,lights not working,no plugs in sink ect, breakfast was very poor, hotel was cheap for the night but its no excuse for the place being so dirty. just dont go .",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,cheap and cheerful,"Very small room but spotlessly clean.  Staff friendly, breakfast ok (I liked the beans!).  Brilliant location, just a few metres from West Brompton tube station.  Also a couple of nice pubs nearby esp The Atlas.  Ideal as a base for exploring for a few days.No frills but good for the price.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"is it a ""hotel""?","i work in hotel and i know how to treat really the guests but in this hotel they don't neither know what really means ""satisfaction"" as well as being guest and.terrible start really.been there 1 night bu i thought that been in some prisons could be lots better,mosquitos everywhere,dust all around together with bad smell. when i'm arrived i found a very rude receptionist(foreign of course as all the other staff) that couldn't understand no 1 word of my english plus super unpolite. the day after i asked the reception manager (a chinese or japanese) very very very rude and arrogant,to store the some bags free( as per normal procedures in many hotels it exists)and she asked me in such a bad and loud way"" yes but only on payment"" and avoiding everything,cause i wouldn't get angry…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If affordability and location are your main priorities Hotel Lily is ok for a few nights.,"Hotel Lily has two massive advantages; 1. affordability and 2. location. It is a budget hotel and for a budget hotel the facilities were adequate. Do not book this hotel if you are looking for luxury, somewhere to chill and unwind or any kind of 'service'. However, if you need affordable, basic accommodation in an excellent location this hotel offers exactly that.  We payed approx £70 for a basic double room. From the website photos I think it was a newly re-furbished room, and was therefore adequate in terms of cleanliness, although still shabby:  Bedroom Very, very small but contained all basics - bed (bedding was old/cheap but clean) bedside table, wardrobe, foot stool and desk, TV, very basic tea/coffee making facilities. Only one double plug socket available for use in room…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great value for money !,"Booked this hotel as it was close to the hammersmith Apollo where we were seeing kate bush. It's a very basic budget B&B style hotel. Rooms are small but clean. Breakfast was adequate (avoid the beans) staff friendly.  Plus it's 250m from a district line tube station, and it was £35 a night for a room plus breakfast.  Your in the heart of the capital so your money doesn't go far, so this hotel is great for a cheap short term stay. People who expect better - look at what you are paying!! ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Was alright for one night, wouldn't stay again.","I stayed here just because it was over the road from Earls Court, perfect for convention goers like myself.   The staff were the main thing that let this place down. I never saw any of them smile once! Not welcoming at all, didn't have high hopes after checking in!  The lifts in the reception are just big enough for 1 person and 1 bag! We had to go up one at a time! Was not practical in the slightest.   Rooms are basic, clean but very basic. It was okay until we discovered a piece of metal (see photo) from the mattress sticking through the sheets, I scraped my leg on it, so beware!  The bathroom was a little grubby and needs updating. Not too much to say really, it was alright for one night but really small rooms and the bed was pushed right up against the wall so you couldn't…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Not a Lily pond, more a swamp!","Don't stay here, it was awful!.  The rooms are tiny, dirty, noisy.  The staff don't care and there is no service.  The breakfast was the cheapest possible, the restaurant was dirty.  The lifts didn't work all week and probably still don't.  The dirty laundry was piled in bags on the stairs leading down to the restaurant.  The bathroom wasn't cleaned all week and the bed wasn't made.  The sheets were too small for the bed and couldn't be tucked in.  There were holes in the bedlinen.  The carpet was not cleaned.  The door closer was broken.  The fire door next to our room was left open all the time.  There was the smell of cigarette smoke at night and of stagnant water all day.  There was no hairdryer.  A charge was made for the remote control for the TV. Worst of all though was…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Beware if you don't take notice of this!!!!!!,"This has to have been the worst experience of our lives even worse than the hotels we had unfortunately stayed at in Italy a few years ago.  When I booked this hotel for us and our friends, I asked if there were rooms for disabled. I was told there was not but there was a lift and the manager did offer rooms on a lower floor. I also asked for quiet rooms if possible.  We arrived on the Sunday that the storm left by Bertha had passed over the country. There was a huge puddle outside the hotel. There were missing tiles on the step outside. The foyer was very clean and smart looking. One thing we noticed straight away was that the lifts were not working. The receptionist was very pleasant and helpful. He explained that the lift shafts were flooded due to the storm but were going to…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stay away!,"I have stayed there on a business trip; I know very well that the standard for hotels in London if you want to spend less than £ 100 a night is awful, but a minimum level of decency should be upheld. I can live with the very tiny room (you could hardly walk around the bed) and I can even live with the very poor breakfast (and extremely low quality too), but not with poor hygiene. The room was really dirty and the bathroom even worse. The reception area which was the only one well looked after (probably because it was visible from outside); all the other communal areas were absolutely filthy with rubbish bags full of food waste and other crap literally abandoned for days on the floor in the halls and crumbs and food remains dirtying all the seats, floor and tables in the…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,depressing,"we booked this hotel hopping for easy access to Natural History Museum, to our disappointment it was far and away not only from museum but everything and anything, overpriced, squeezed in third bed, so in order to get to bed we would have to climb it like in kindergarten, beds are  old not very comfortable, not very clean, no air-conditioning in rooms, Wi-Fi only if you pay for it   terrible neighborhood, hotel from a different era ,long time gone, kind of unpleasant experience for family type traveling  very average breakfast, neeeeever again.........front desk not so pleasant, specially blonde lady with red lipstick?????",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very poor hotel,"A group of us stayed here for a last minute theatre break as most hotels fully booked. The photos on its own website are very different to the actual reality of the hotel. We booked a room with 4 single beds and this looks quite spacious on the website. 3 single beds were pushed together with no gap inbetween them. Meaning we had to climb on from the bottom. The fourth bed was a step away from the bottom of the other 3. As we went in July it was very hot, absolutely no air conditioning so the room was boiling with four people in. The room was dark, dirty looking, in need of refurbishment. The bathroom was the same with greyish dirty looking towels. The whole hotel apart from the reception area is run down and not well maintained.  We had breakfast included in our price and this…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Less than satisfactory,"Building was ideally located to local transport and was convenient for our trip. However on arrival to leave our bags until check in a few hours later, the service received was disgusting, the lady who served us was rude and unwelcoming. On return to check in we went to our room which was nothing like was shown in the pictures from the website. We came expecting an open room with a decent bathroom but entered a small cramped room with only 2 sockets which again was inconvenient. The bathroom was nothing like we expected- dimly lit and both the bath and toilet had chips in them. Also described in our package a full English breakfast was included. What we received was not a full English and also made to a poor standard with cold hard toast. We never expected anything spectacular…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good location but that's all that is good!,"Three of us had rooms here for a business trip - all were just as bad - hotel was tatty and in desperate need of refurbishment, bathroom doors didn't close - bedrooms very noisy (no double glazing); also really hot and stuffy (no air-con.).  One morning they forget to leave any fresh towels in my colleagues bathroom - but had taken the old ones away - so (as the phones did not work) she had to get dressed again and go down 3 floors to reception to get towels before she could shower. The breakfast was generous but luke-warm, so after the first morning we didn't go there for breakfast. Television and Wi-Fi didn't work.  I suspect they would have done but for an extra payment - but they weren't inclusive. Lastly, the hotel room look nothing like the photos!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Be prepared before you book!,"I say this because on booking.com the images the have used are NOTHING like the actually hotel. The rooms are sort of clean but no where near as beautiful looking as the photos. My room had broken windows that took me about 4 minutes to close (not exaggerating), a broken ceiling in the bathroom so every time i opened the bathroom door the ceiling flew open! Shower head holder was broken, water leaked from the tap, toilet was grimy and bathroom towels are old.  They deactivated my card a night early and after doing room service (I.e making my bed and that's it) forgot to give me towels...  They give you nothing in the way of toiletries (just two bars of nasty soap), no hair dryer, dirty kettle and things for making tea (although i brought bottled water, didn't dare using their…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Dangerous, Unsafe and Dirty","This hotel is dangerous and threatening.   I stayed one night in this hotel and albeit I was shocked upon the arrival into the room what happened during the night and beyond was horrifying.   At 1am a stranger walked into my room where myself and my daughter slept.   I was pregnant at the time and I was awoken to the door opening, footsteps walking into my room and to my bed and then walking out again. I was frozen to the core with fear and when the door shut I went and opened it to see who it was.   A girl was outside as shocked as me, stating she was due to be staying a further night here and when she first came to the door her key card didn't work so she went down to reception whereupon no security checks were done and her key was simply reactivated.   My young daughter awoke…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get what you pay for - Not very much for not a lot. Don't be misled by the smart reception,"We were going to Wimbledon for the finals so wanted somewhere reasonable, not too far away and with parking.  We got most of that at the hotel Lily except the most important part - reasonable  - was missing. I'll start with the good part. It was a short tube journey from Wimbledon, we parked there for the duration for 30.00, it included breakfast and cost 80.00 for the 2 of us for the night. Now the rest. The hotel is dirty, the lift tiny, the restaurant shabby.. Despite ordering a vegetarian breakfast in advance, all I was offered was beans on toast or toast. Cereal was available but not offered or visible.. The cooked breakfast that my husband ordered was instant and fair, but with no variations. Sausage, bacon, egg and beans. was on the plate ready to be served. Our room -…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible customer service.,No flat sheets.  Dirty rooms.  The toiletries consist of two unwrapped bars of soap set on the toilet.  No bath mats.  Bathroom door doesn't shut.  Dirty towels.  Charge for internet.  Doors heard slamming in the hallways all night.    But worst of all was the complete lack of customer service.  The desk clerks were incredibly rude over and over again.  One evening I let the late night desk clerk know that our room had not been cleaned.  He responded (in front of our party of four) that rooms are only cleaned every other day.  The next day I asked the front desk about that policy.  The woman responded that of course rooms are cleaned every day and no one would have told me otherwise - essentially calling me a liar and offering no apologies.  Upon check out I brought down a card…,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Fit For Purpose - But Close Your Eyes!,"Okay...here we go.  The hotel is relatively inexpensive (for London) - around £120 per night for a triple room with breakfast for 4 nights.  It is old and so are the furnishings and fitments, windows ...and the elevators.  The reception was clean and tidy and the staff there were very efficient with the check-in.  The decor in the corridors and bedrooms is hellish and slightly mucky!  The bedrooms and bathrooms are small and not well appointed but at least the beds were comfortable and delivered good nights sleeps - if you are not put-out by the rather noisy traffic throughout the night in Lillie Road (it is fairly busy and constant).  Full English breakfast is a bit of a laugh - the staff delivered it as ordered and quickly given the numbers of guests and their stretched…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not bad,"Well, it is a budget hotel so do not expect 4 or 5 star. As such, I did not get my microscope out to be the Hotel Inspector! Just accept that you get what you pay for. The hotel is value for money to stay for a day or two and was very well worth the cost. Booked it early and cost £78.75 for the twin room, as was down for one night on a pre-arranged visit. I can't comment on the other prices the rooms may go for but the price was for two people. The room was basic but  bigger than I was expecting. Somewhere to crash out. An overnight bag is ok not a large suitcase. The  twin beds in room 112 were comfy. On a busy road, yet that is London. The room  and bathroom were clean and tidy. It served the needs for a sleep.  Hot water and towels and soap. No shampoo but I brought my own.…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid,"I stayed here a couple of weeks back. Basic room, not really a problem, except for the shower fixing hanging off of the wall. Next to a busy road, with no double glazing. Room was very hot all night. Breakfast was one of the worst 'full english' i have experienced. Most worrying though, was the next day I overheard another guest complaining that the night staff had given a lady access to their room in the middle of the night! He was very angry, and his wife and daughter seemed to be rather distressed. That was enough to put me off staying here ever again. wasn't that cheap either- over £100 for the night, I'd expect more.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Get what you pay for ,Just back from a 5 night stay in this hotel it did its purpose for me which was somwhere to sleep thats all.The rooms are small.My main problem was the shower and how it didnt work properly water was splurting out everywhere.Tried the Breakfast once never again hated it went out for breakfast every morning after that.Have to say staff were fab so friendly had a big hello and smile everytime i met them.If you looking for perfection well than go ahead pay the expensive prices for hotels in the area if ya just looking for somwhere to sleep well for me this was it. Apart frm shower and the breakfast i think yes i would consider staying here again.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"boutique type hotel, excellent experience","2 of us stayed here back in 2005 (sorry for taking so long to write the review!).  We had a nice time at the hotel and in the Earl's Court area.  The hotel is serviced by two main tube stations:  West Brompton and Earl's Court.  The rooms are small, but adequate for sleeping and moving about.  You get a full English breakfast in the morning, which is a terrific start to a very busy day of touring one of the most exciting cities that I have visited.  The staff truly makes the hotel a 3.5 star rating.  From housekeeping, to the people serving breakfast, to the front desk staff during the day and night shifts.  It is so cool to be able to come in late at night and sit down and share your day with a member of staff over hot chocolate.  I would consider staying here again.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Cheap, secure parking, rough.","I didn't expect luxury for what we paid for a twin room and nor did we get it. The parking is certainly a bonus when staying in that area of London, however, the carpets are stained, the corridors stink of cigarette smoke, and I didn't use the shower for fear of contracting some disease from the filthy shower head.  The complimentary breakfast was meagre but sufficient. The positive to this experience came from the staff who were helpful and smiley despite the surroundings. If you just need somewhere to lay your head for a night, and can get it cheap as I was able to it's fine, but if I had paid full rates I would have been fuming.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Needs to be shut down!,"This place needs shutting down!!!!! my sister stayed here on a school trip this week and when she came home was disgusted by the images she had taken from her room, pubic hairs and blood were found in her bed sheets and blood splatted all in the bathroom sink and bath/shower. when they tried to shut the bathroom window that was covered in mould they had to shew a cat and birds away as they were trying to enter the room.  when it came to their evening meal Ria my sister had chosen chicken and it was served raw!!! when she asked for another meal they brought out another raw pink chicken.!!! i wouldn't recommend anybody to stay here its unhygienic and needs a dam good clean",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Needs total refurbishment,"I stayed 1 night in a twin room with my son on B&B basis. The positive aspects of staying here were that it was easy to find from coming off the M4 into London, it has barrier protected secure parking at £15 an overnight stay, the staff were friendly, the beds were clean and comfortable enough for a one night stay, it wasn't particularly noisy considering it is situated on a main road & it is situated opposite Earls Court & a 5 min walk from West Brompton railway station. The downsides are that it is incredibly shabby, in need of a good clean & redecorating. Our bedroom did have tea making facility & a TV (for which you have to pay £15 deposit for the remote), & a telephone held together with sellotape & a mirror but that's about it. The bathroom was incredibly small, shabby &…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap for London,Four of us stayed here after cycling from Liverpool to London. We needed something cheap with secure parking and to be fair that's exactly what we got. Yes the room was a bit tatty but for what we paid I really cant complain. The desk staff were pleasant and helpful with directions etc.. If you are looking for somewhere to get your head down in London with no frills the this hotel is fine.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Would never go back!,Stay here for one night and didn't start well from the off . The receptionist was no very pleasant. The room was tiny and had cob webs in the corners. The shower didn't work properly and sprayed everywhere. There was no remote for the TV . Breakfast was included in the price but was only served between 7-9 am which was no good because I wished for a long lie .,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get what you pay for.,"This is a two star budget budget hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms perfunctory at best. I was happy with the offer as I literally was parking my car, dumping my bags, straight out, back late, sleep and gone in the morning before 8am. It is not a hotel I should wish to spend much time in my room in but if you plan a quick stop over and plan to be out, it's OK.  Parking was cheaper than other nearby hotels and I wasn't charged extra for an hour overstay. Overall an OK if not slightly worn hotel in West London. Tip to owners, get a proper iron board.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Disappointing, very unclean","Me and my partner had a visit to London and chose to stay at the Lily as it was a little cheaper than the others near by, although we wish we had spent the bit extra to go somewhere else.   The room had not been cleaned very well, it was dusty on all the surfaces and ledges, dirty coffee cups, the shower head was covered in grime, the vent in the bathroom was thick with dust, the toilet had yellow stains in it, the sink had no plug revealing more dirt here and under the tap. The hotel was meant to be recently refurbished but that is hard to believe.   Despite the photos on the website, the room was very small, and could only get into one side of the double bed as the other was against a wall. Although it is complementary, the breakfast was very disappointing, there was no…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible,"dont book this hotel, room was absolutely aweful, i checked out straight away. It stank, the floor was stained, there was even a stain on the bed cover, the bathroom was also in a very bad state. Not worthy of even a penny.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not worth £65 a night!,I recently booked this hotel for a business trip. They said they had newly refurbished rooms but they were not and also they were dirty. The staff were unhelpful and wouldn't let my college park the van in the car park even though that's the only reason we booked the hotel as it had a car park! Very disappointing. ,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Average for the money you pay,"Stayed on business, and the best that can be said about this hotel is that it's functional. It's a bit tired round the edges, but generally clean. Bedsheets were clean, room and bathroom are both small, but for a night or two are fine. Breakfast was fine, and the service not bad at all. Like other reviewers have said, it's not the Hilton, but for a few nights on business, I got exactly what I paid for. Nothing more, and nothing less. Would I use it again? Yes. Oh, and I never encountered any of the 'rude' staff some reviewers have spoken about.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid it,"Thank God I only spent one night at this hotel! I was there three years ago for New Year's eve, I booked this hotel only because it was relatively cheap compared to other hotels in the area. However since it was New Year's Eve I still paid £90 for a horrible room. The hall of the hotel was decent but the staff was really unpolite. The room was tiny and one side of the double bed was leaning against the wall so my partner had to jump over me in order to get off the bed during the night. In addition there wasn't a single surface that you could use to put things on.... only a tiny desk where the TV was...So we removed the TV in order to put our tiny trolley on the desk ( if we put it on the floor we couldn't move ). The sheets were smelly and stained. To be honest I haven't had the…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Shoddy!,"Shoddy, shoddy, shoddy! The room is small, it smelt of cigarette smoke - although the staff disagreed with this on the grounds that smoking is not allowed! The breakfast options are non existent and the veggie option is simply to remove the meat from the plate. We requested that the heating be turned off, it wasn't despite a man with a set of plyers playing around for 15 minutes. The bathroom ceilings are mouldy, as much water spurts from the both ends of the shower hose. There are fixtures missing from everywhere, the sink pedestal is not attached to the sink bowl, the fixings on the toilet seat are missing. Only 2 of the available 3 plugs sockets work. The TV wouldn't tune in. When I tried to talk to reception they answered the phone in the middle of my conversation with them…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One night in Hotel Lily,"Having read the reviews, I have to say that I think some travellers are expecting too much. This simple, unpretentious hotel has its weaknesses, just like any other, but my I was made to feel welcome from the outset, and this didn't falter. True, the decor is in need of some attention, and I've stayed in places that are cleaner, but my double room was comfortable and tidy, and while the bathroom was basic, it was clean and had everything I needed such as soap, towels, etc. I suppose it probably errs more towards the shabby than the chic, but frankly, if all you need is a place to get your head down, the budget pricing is in line with expectations.   Breakfast in a somewhat dimly-lit restaurant was adequate; not perhaps what you might first think of as a 'full English', but two…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,its a base for london,"I know you get what you pay for but the bathroom needed  a update the shower was not good and the bath was unsafe to use and breakfast was a joke we were asked if we would like cooked we said yes and got a cold plate of one bacon, one sausage, one egg, and beans served with  cold toast.  The sheets are clean and that is the only nice thing i can say we had a triple room  and how there ever got three beds in there i will never know. The windows lock was broken and the road was loud.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Awful,"Just arrived back from this hotel after 'thankfully' only 1 night stay.  We were due to arrive on Saturday 12th April, but on Friday 11th April the hotel called asking for me to make payment on the 2 rooms booked.  I explained that when I booked the hotel with Booking.com I was informed that payment would be taken on departure (Sunday 13th), Norma explained to me that she needed to take payment as the weekend was to be very busy as the marathon and 2 wembley semi finals were taking place that weekend. We arrived 8ish on Saturday and the hotel looked relatively OK from the outside, resembled a block of flats but we gave it the benefit of our doubt.  Well what can I say, the rooms were tiny and I've stayed in some tiny hotel rooms but this was shocking, no light in the…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A cheap stay in London,The main point about this hotel is that it is cheap and reasonably close to the centre of London.  The rooms are small (and there is an extra charge for the TV remote) but the breakfast is reasonably good.  Worth bearing in mind.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dissapointed,"I expected more from a 3-star hotel (when I visited was 3 starts). Rooms are small and dirty, fungus on ventilation system and really noisy. You can hear everything from rooms next to you. I was really disappointed with all these money I paid to stay there and by the service the hotel provided.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great for the money,"Was this a nice hotel? Not particuarly, but it's very cheap.  I was only staying a night, and this was the first time I've stayed in a hotel in London. For less than £50, with breakfast I really can't complain. I can, and have paid much more in Manchester.   Is the room small? Yes. Is it bizarre that you need to pay a deposit for the TV remote? Definitely. But £50, right by the tube, right by Earls Court. I'll live with that.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,fine for what it is,"Stayed here for one night with family, had a triple room including breakfast for £78.00. The hotel was what I expected for a budget hotel in London. Yes the room was small and dated but it had clean bedding, clean curtains, clean bathroom and smelt clean. It did need a lot of cosmetic things doing to it but we were happy to stay. Very close to West Brompton tube. The breakfast was ample, they offered extra toast, fruit juice and tea and coffee. We will stay again in the future.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Depressing,Stayed here whilst working in fulham Nice and local but that's about as far as it goes The room was tired and the bathroom even more tired. The water pressure was shocking but there was hot water so a bath was favorite although the bath was compact.  My friend stayed here before me and got bitten quite a lot by bed bugs although he only told me this after I commented on the lily to him after my 1st nights stay. On my second night I checked in the corners under the carpet and found some dead ones but non alive ( thankfully ) just a 2 night stay when a tube strike was planned so they kindly put the price up to £85 instead of £60 which another friend was paying at the same time as me. I think the room they put me in was a room not used unless they are getting to capacity as my…,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Leisure...rather sounds Motel.,"This is like a motel. Toilet dripping whole night, water everywhere in the room, Worn out infrastructure, no hot water ..have to manage with cold water. TV remotes are kept with reception until you ask them , and we have go and fetch.  Breakfast sounded little bit ok, considering the state of the hotel",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,worst hotel ever,"This hotel has not been decorated for year, e had a tiny drab bedroom the bathroom had cracked ties he taps didn't have any pressure, all the walls were coffee colour from theory early 80,s  although the this hotel is classed as a budget hotel and rated as 3 star this grossly overrated they advertise a car park which is very difficult to manoeuvre in it is not secure.the hotel is probably OK for a single person just wanting to get their head down for the night but DON'T take your partner here,the double room only had I little tub of milk 1 glass no teabags no soap ",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,bad hotel.,"i had stay in better hotels for the same price. its crappy. 80£ for a very small room,the floor wasn't even clean. the tea kettle is dirty. the bar soap in the bathroom is not wrapped. if you want to use the wifi you have to pay 5£. if you need them to keep your suitcase after you checked out you must pay 5£. don't be fooled by their website. it's a terrible hotel, the ONLY good thing is the tube station near by. ",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,hotel Lily London,"I booked two rooms at the Hotel Lily London. I was attending the NTA's so I googled hotels nr 02 arena this hotel came up so I booked it. I did not need to pay for it there and then as I could have paid as you stayed as advertised when you press book. I received no confirmation or anything to tell me we had the reservations I had paid for so I rang the hotel and I am told I would not receive a confirmation but we was booked in I told them we was going to the 02 and how far away was it I was told on the phone ""oh not far"" so I left the booking. The day before we travelled down to london I rang the Hotel again for a Postcode and I saw we was miles away from the 02 so I rang back and asked again the guy said I would have to ring tomorrow and speak to the Manger. Which I did and it…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,what would you expect for the money,"Do not be put off by the reviews for a one or two night stay it is fine.  The cost is so reasonable for this area, I really don know what people expect ! Breakfast was very adequate, the staff helpful and friendly, yes the rooms are small, line was clean, but I wouldnt expect to be in there apart from sleeping ! across the road from Earls Court, so very handy. A small walk from West Brompton tube, and a stroll away from the Troubadour.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Better than the reviews made out,After the reviews i was dreading stopping here. But when we got they everything was ok for the price. The rooms were abit small but for the price you would expect that. Only the bad thing i would say was the smell in the room which stunk bad of cigarettes and a weird sound from the vent which kept us awake for some time. Other than that it was fine.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Please stay away from this Hotel- Health Risk,"This hotel is very deceiving as the reception area looks clean and it gives the illusion that its going to be a pleasant hotel to stay at but once you are shown to your room, you will be walking through the dirtiest hall ways, with stains all over the walls. you hope the room is better but it really isn't. The carpet on the floor is dirty and the shower and the toilet is mouldy. As i removed the thin cover they put on the beds i notice blood stains on the bed!! Blood stains!!! i couldn't believe it. How dirty was this hotel!! i asked myself!!! I couldn't stay there another minute so i quickly packed my things and went down to reception. The rude receptionist told me i could be given a better room (i thought to myself, why didn't you give me a better room to start with) but i…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One and only stay and never again,"I booked this hotel by a BIG mistake I stayed on Lille road a few years ago and thought it was the Lily Hotel only to find out when I drove up the road I stayed in the Ibis next door last time, never mind I checked in reception seemed ok until I got to our floor OMG what a hole, it's the worst hotel I have ever stated in. The double room was so small you had to walk sideways around the bed, floors were filthy, shower head holes in the walls, the decorating looks like it was done by a 3 year old windows didn't work plus there were drafts,cheap bed that you could feel every spring,  one cheap pillow each no TV unless you paid £10 deposit, bath panel hanging off with holes in the hardboard how old is that, it smelt of an old damp house....please someone take this place over and…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Not the Ritz, but neither are the prices","I stayed at the Lily hotel for 3 days in early December. I used to work in luxury hotels and I come from a hotel background and yes..this hotel is far from perfect, it has its faults, however I paid £50 per night incl English breakfast for a double room........ Negatives : Room I had (226) was very tired, and could do with a refurb, & bathroom was very basic. Positives : Lobby very clean & modern as were the corridors and public areas. Bed very comfortable with warm clean bedding. Bathroom shower was excellent. Breakfast is indeed basic however it was included in the price and when I asked for more the staff were very obliging.  Staff at reception were very helpful and friendly as were the restaurant staff and the location is very good being very close to Earl's court exhibition…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Glad I booked before reading the reviews,"Night before our stay I decided to read the reviews, and to be honest they made me and my partner regret not having done so, but upon arriving at the hotel I'm not sure where the reviews took place as they certainly weren't our experience, yes the reception smelled like bleach but at least it was clean, staff lovely and friendly room only what you expect for £114 for 2 nights in London!! Was going to be £369 in a primer inn just up the road without breakfast!! Shower worked amazingly. Breakfast cold beans but didn't really matter, only 1 piece of each item but it's free so couldn't complain, bed lovely and comfy, building dated but so is all of earls court, all in all really glad I didn't bother to read these reviews since there typical English people moaning about little…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,ITS IN LONDON...DON'T EXPECT THE EARTH FOR THE PRICE,My head office booked this hotel for myself and 5 other staff members. I read the reviews and quite frankly we were all dreading staying there! Our experience was no where near as bad as some have experienced. Many reviews seem to think that circa £80 a night is expensive or that they received poor value! Come on its London! We paid £180 a night for a Premier Lodge just up the road earlier this year! HIGH NOTES...........Reception area nice and the staff were superb. Our rooms were clean. It is a great location for Earls Court. £5 a day for internet OK and worked well.Rooms quiet at night.Breakfast service efficient.Hotel has a car park!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (could not get in until the end of our stay though). NOT SO GOOD.......Full breakfast portion very mean. One toilet did block on…,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One time experience,"We were in London for a weelkend seminar (Thursday to Sunday). Unfortunately the Ibis Hotel, in which the seminar took place, was already fully booked. So we decided to take the place closest to the Ibis, which was Hotel Lily. Yes, we have read the negative critics about the hotel, but we thought it can't be that bad. Unfortunately it was, everything we read was confirmed. The room (229) was so bad that we wanted to check out. As we had prepaied and would have lost the money we were willing to have a look at another room (228). Compared to the first one, the second one was ""superb"", which made us even more think about the management. As the hotel was not full at all, why did they give us this unacceptable room right next to a much better one? We think you don't have to fid this…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Dirty,shabby hotel","I would advise NOT staying in this hotel. Luckily I wasn't paying for the room but a colleague was-over £80! I slept fully clothed, didn't venture into the shower as I was cleaner going without...disgusting.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel? More like Hostel!,"My partner booked here as we needed a last min stay after booking to see a show for my birthday, he got it a deal down to £60 from £100 for the one night! To me this price was even steep let alone the original price! (We stayed last year in a Hilton in Birmingham for £35).  We got to the hotel which is only less than two mins walk from West Brompton station, outside looks shabby, the flags hanging outside look as though they'd been out to sea a few times. The Lobby was nice enough however did smell like toilets?? We booked in and went up to our room, it's like a ship corridor, maybe that explains what with the flags? The room was cramped and very basic looking, old fashioned. The tea and coffee supplies were dirty covered in tea stains, clearly weren't taken after the last…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Great location, but I can not recommend","It is a budget property and the location to the bus, train & tube stops is very convenient. The issue I had was with the bed linens.  The bed only had 1 flat sheet over the mattress and it was not fitted, so parts of the mattress were showing. No mattress pad. The extra blanket that was stored in the bottom of the closet looked old and suspiciously unclean.  Glad I didn't need it because I was afraid to touch it actually.  I would not have used it. I did see one dried up dead  bug.  The bathroom with shower was clean and worked properly.  I did hear another guest complaining to the front desk that the shower in his room was not working. The desk clerk in the evening was friendly and helpful.  I would try a different Hotel next time.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Basic, clean, convenient for Earls Court","I stayed here as is located less than 2 minutes' walk from West Brompton tube station and the area has lots of pubs and restaurants which are close. Also it is opposite Earls Court so great if you are working there. The room I had was basic, very small and had three beds cramped into it. The curtains were hanging off the track a little and there was no TV remote (I did request one from reception and this was provided straight away). But it was clean, the shower worked well (always a plus for me!) and quiet even though on a main road.  The breakfast was a pleasant surprise, full English offered and everything served at table as opposed to a buffet. Staff pleasant and helpful, made a lone traveller feel at home.  Summary: cheap (£65 per night B & B), clean, no frills whatsoever…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great location,"After reading the reviews I was a little concerned what to expect. A grou of us had booked to see a concert at Earls Court and the location of the hotel is just perfect for this, it is just a stones throw away. The rooms are a little dated and to say the least, compact, but this was fine for a one night stay. I would have been a little disappointed had I had to stay longer.  The room was clean and tidy, the only critisizm is that the heating was on full and there was no way of turning the radiators dow so was uncomfortabally hot during the nigt.  I wiold be happy to stay again if I nneded to go to Earls Court purly for the location and value for money (£187.50) for four persons, this is a very good price for any London hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In,"Simply Terrible, I am 43 years old, traveled a lot around Europe, visit london often and I must say that this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room was in terrible condition all round, worn,  small, dirty and no furniture whatsoever just stained beds. Breakfast was no better, very disappointed, I would not stay here if it was Free!",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good for the price.,"We booked this hotel before reading the reviews and was wondering what to expect on arrival , however it was not as bad as some suggest. we arrived by tube to West Brompton stn on the District line, 15 mins from city centre and walked just 2 mins to the hotel. The hotel is a little dated and due a refurb but the rooms are clean and just about big enough for a short sight seeing stay, it can be a little noisy if the room is near the road but didn't keep us awake. The restaurant is in the basement and again the room looks dated but the breakfast is good and the staff are helpful . We spent 3 nights here while we explored the London sights and enjoyed it, for the price you pay at this hotel don't expect the Hilton, be realistic its a budget 2 star hotel, but for the time you…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not self-service breakfast!,Nice enough hotel. Very clean and close to underground for transport around London. The only things that let it down are breakfast is served to your table and wi-fi is £5 a day. Opposite bus depot which meant lots of noise through the night. But for what you pay in comparison to other London hotels it is ok for one night.,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst  hotel I have ever stayed in,"rooms were small to use the  dressing table you sat on the bed, not very clean and very dated. small tv which was ok because anything over a 19 inch wouldn't have fitted anyway.Bathroom tiny and not very clean  very noisy at night road and airplane noise ! wish i had read the reviews first. Breakfast  was cold and although ordered it was on your table with in 30 secs parking was ok i got there early in the day was not to expensive .I would advise anyone to avoid this hotel  and it was not cheap    i would never stay here again awful . but the location is good for the football and earls court etc",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolutely Dreadful,"Bed was tatty,window closing mechanism broke,toilet blocked got told none of this could be seen to until their handyman comes in after 1pm, not offered another room, Breakfast was awful left at entrance of restaurant to sort ourselves out,only given one cup tea/coffee. Could have orange juice or orange juice!! Left a day early so the hotel ruined our London Break. Says its 2 stars I think that's being generous!",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Budget hotel for Chelsea fc games,Cheap hotel near Chelsea ground but don't expect too much - VERY basic Room very small. Breakfast very basic. Had to rent TV control! Only redeeming point was great location - near ground and very close to many restaurants and bars.              ,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Try somewhere else first.,Both the room and the bathroom were very small. There was no place to put the suitcase. There were two beds in the room but the room was not big enough for two people to be comfortable. There was only one  electrical point and the TV had to be disconnected to use it. There was dirty water in the pot for the coffee from the previous guest. The carpet was dirty and had a foul smell. The bathroom was in need of repairs and there was no plug in the basin. The breakfast was pre prepared and only just warm. The only thing positive was that the hotel was only a couple of minutes walk to the underground and then only 10/15 minutes into town. Even though it was not expensive it was not worth the money and can most certainly not be recommended.,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Amazing Price!!! Amazing Hotel!!!,"I stopped at the hotel lily in Earls Court on the 4th october, I found the staff to be very friendly and efficient the rooms were clean and very pleasant. I wanted to shop and generally relax for a couple of days the hotel was with in easy reach of transport to Knightsbridge,Oxford street and the theatres. I enjoyed a superb breakfast, Room service was available but I found dining locally refreshing the hotel staff were very helpful with directions and advice on where and what was available to eat. I had an excellent few days there and it enhanced my London break.   will be back bery soon!!!  Thank You!!!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Good value, convenient and comfortable","A friend and I were looking for an inexpensive and convenient bed and breakfast stop-over in London and came across this hotel, £105 for a twin room with breakfast (Oct 2013) was very good value. The room was clean and comfortable with an excellent shower. The English Breakfast was adequate and the service swift and attentive. Certainly a good value hotel and very near Earls Court Exhibition Centre and West Kensington and Earls Court underground stations. Website: www.hotellily.co.uk Tel: 0207 3811881",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,We found the staff very helpful,"We stayed for two nights, at first the room we were given was very small as we had a lot of luggage I asked if we could move. I found the reception so helpful and nothing was too much trouble, when I asked for extre pillows the arrived very quickly. My husband did not manage to get breakfast the first morning, as the service was a little slow and he was in a hurry, managed the second day and it was ok. I think it's a family business as they seem to care. The only thing that was lacking was number direction on the walls as you came out of the lift and the fire doors were very stiff so had to push hard and when you hands are full it's not easy. Sheets were cotton ,rooms were clean, could do with a better paint job a good rub down before painting would give a better finish. We will…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not as bad as some reviewers thought ? But still look elswhere!,"The plus points:  I found reception helpful                            The location, a couple of hundred yards from Tubes, Earls Court,Restaurants,entertainment, is excellent                             The breakfast was fine and you could change items. The minus points: revolve round the room, I was lucky and had a room at the rear so slept well, but the drawers had not been cleaned, even a Polish newspaper in one,  a variety of cheap hangers, the loo was very clean as that would have been a move come what may - the bathroom really needed a complete updating, shower curtain brown at the bottom, poor water pressure, ingrained colour behind bath taps, in the bedroom one handle off a chest of drawers, corner of the ceiling problematic.Plaster footprints on the carpet when I…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not the best,The only good thing I can say about this hotel is it's location to the tube and the convention centre apart from that your not getting much for the money you spend. The beds are uncomfortable the main road is busy and with poor double glazing very noisy and some but not all staff where very unpleasant and unhelpful. If your stay is short then this might not be the worst place you can stay but I cannot personally recommend.,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,dump,"small bedroom,dirty bathroom,room not ready,breakfast half english, tables balanced with napkins,leaking pipes under sink.no good for children as no safety locks on windows.lifts to small for disabled people.dirty linen left in hallway when doing rooms,",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Dirty over priced hotel,Hotel was to expensive for the room rate hear are some points why.  1 dirty tiles on the bathroom wall  2. Small bathroom with leaking sink  3. Not enough milk tea/coffee in room 3 milks are not enough for two people.  4 boxes of bleach left on the floor in reception for over 24 hours do these people not follow cosh guidelines any child could have go hold of this  5 the corridors are shabby along with the dining room that smelled awful  6 breakfast is a joke one egg a burnt bit of bacon one sausage and watery beans is not a full English breakfast and not what I expect in the rate 7 got sent up to the room after checking in being told it was ready but it was not the housekeeper had only just striped the bed.  8 can't the staff have one job in the hotel how can one person do the…,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Terrible Place,"I was on a business trip and struggled to hang my suits in the cupboard that you had to use for a wardrobe. The clothes had to be hung on a slat as it wasn't deep enough, there was also a small black box on the floor of the cupboard which is used to kill vermin. I expected a mouse or rat to greet me in the night.   The bathroom is very very small, I am only small but for anyone above 5ft 2"" would struggle.  The shower was broken and the water wasn't very hot.   It was a very basic cooked breakfast in the morning, and the restaurant was dirty, dark and not clean. No continental breakfast on offer.   TV remotes had to be requested and a £10 deposit had to be left.   Windows don't shut so the noise from the planes landing at heathrow every couple of minutes means you don't get any…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great for the money,"I was VERY worried after booking this hotel then reading the trip advisor reviews- All I have to say is it is perfectly acceptable for the money you have paid, if you want 5* quality then pay the extra! Staff friendly, tired but clean & breakfast service great.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Do not stay here.,"I don't normally write reviews, but wanted to this time to warn other people against staying here.  The hotel isn't cheap, especially when there's an exhibition on.  For the money you get a tiny room, dirty linen and a broken toilet.  I can't speak for the rooms I didn't see, but I'd be surprised if any were of a good quality.  The toilet is so small you can't sit on the loo normally as the bath is so close.  The hot water is intermittent, and the windows don't shut properly.  As the hotel is in Heathrow's flight path this means you can't sleep very much.  The breakfast was a very low quality cooked breakfast, and the staff are less than helpful and don't seem particularly bothered about customer service.  The wifi kept cutting out, and you have to pay a deposit if you want the…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible,"I will start with the advantage as it's only one thing , it's close to underground station and bus station.  Otherwise let me share my experience i had last week: - Not clean at all ( beds were smelly , bathroom is full of insects and horrible unclean towels & of course bathroom is away from being clean) - Room Service is terrible - No AC so if you feel hot you need to open the window that will bring you all night noise, cold and insects , so you wouldn't be sleeping after all - No Minibar - Reception crew are not hospital at all, rudeness is all around.  - Breakfast area is very old fashioned and with very very very poor furniture and quality. - Breakfast is of a set menu, so it's either you take it or leave it.   Overall it's a terrible experience that I would never ever want…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,pleased with hotel,"Just got back from 3 days in london had a brill time ,as for hotel lilly i was dreading our stay there after reading the reviews but i was pleasently surprised the room yes were small but for what we wanted they were fine the beds were clean and really comfy ,the staff were very friendly and helpful the breakfast was fine the location was brill i have no comlaints remember this is a two star hotel its a budget hotel but its perfect as a base when your sight seeing in London.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,my worst expeiriance,this must be the worst and smallest room i have ever stayed in even my pet dogs have a bigger bedroom the room also smelt horrible and the breakfast well what can you say the tables where dirty the food was terrible plus the tea tasted of soapy water the staff did not want to take your         order and they could all have done with a good bath  my advise stay away from this so called hote ps i have notified the local food and hygeine inspectorsl,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,NOT THE WORST,"Have stayed in worse accomodation, but this place could do so much better.  Plus points are the bed were clean and comfy although there was only ony pillow. Televisions had been upgraded from photgraphs to flatscreens. Service in restaurant was quicker than a fast food take away and bacon on toast as good as mum makes, Down sides. Rooms inc bathrooms are not the biggest. Bathrooms the worst area. Toilet seat very worn, tiled walls not cleaned, only 1 x towel per person, no toiletries. Would I stay here again - Probably not given the huge choice, but the location has many plus points.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Quite possibly the worst hotel in the UK,"No shower gel, nothing to rinse mouth out of after brushing teeth, £10 deposit for remote control.  I put toilet paper down, didnt want to touch the seat, picture below.....  how much is it to replace a seat, £5 ?  Couldnt understand the staff, very poor English.   I felt embarresed that tourists think this is how the English think quality of service should be.  On some sites the room was advertised for over £140.00 per night, thats a joke.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst experience,I needed a room for three people. They gave me room 407 which had 5 single beds. The bathroom was horrible. Bath tub was falling apart on sides. Shower certain was dirty. Bad smell in the room.   We asked for an extra bed sheet and was refused by the guy at the reception. They also require 10 pound for tv remote.   ,None,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Good hotel, great price","Well situated for tourists, near metro station, this hotel was a convenient place to stay for a four day trip to London. Rasonable pricing and friendly staff. We just had a problem with credit card as a confirmation of our stay, When we were on our way from airport, they called us that number of card didn´t work and we were quiet scary that they will sell our room to another guests. But finally it all went ok.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible,"We check some of your reviews and thought it must be good. But after getting there, the room was dirty paint was peeling off the walls, no fly screens,no ac ask for a fan and was told they dont have any lift had cardboard covering the wire ring could only fit 2 people in at a time , shower rail kept falling down and if you we're on the toilet you would get hit on the head. This hotel is an OH&S nightmare!!!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"My son and I stayed for two nights in Hotel Lily. It is a two minute walk from West Brompton tube station to the hotel which was great in terms of location.We were checked in efficiently and courteously and given a room on the third floor.The room was small but functional.The beds were clean and comfortable and no shortage of hot water.Our room looked out on the main road so it was noisy as there was a bus depot across the road.It was very warm in the room but the hotel management aren't responsible for the weather. We left the window open.The breakfast room is in the basement,service was very prompt.Orange juice,cooked bacon ,eggs etc tea,coffee and toast.We used the stairs and found everywhere clean and tidy.After reading other reviews i was dreading the experience but we…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Thank you,My husband and I stayed here for one night 15/07/2013.  The hotel was very clean and welcoming as was our room.  Breakfast was very good with fast service.  Staff very pleasant and helpful. Convenient location for tube/central London.  Would definitely stay here again. Excellent value for money.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very poor!!!,"I am writing this review for my 11 year old daughter who stayed at Hotel Lily for 2 nights on a school residential trip. After reviewing the hotel on trip advisor and speaking to environmental health at the local council beforehand we knew what to expect. Dirty rooms, no hot water, dirty mouldy shower/bath and broken windows held together with duct tape....... I was very concerned about the bed bug problem at this hotel, however, the head teacher understood my worries and checked the beds himself, all seemed ok apparently and my daughter said the sheets looked clean so that was a bonus. The first evening meal the children complained as the chicken was under cooked and one child complained that their meal had blue plastic in it, another said the bones were green....... and all…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid at all cost!!!!!!!,"Checked in at almost midnight and only wanted to go to bed!! Got to the room and was aware of other guests next door and hoped I was so tired, it would make no difference. I should be so lucky. Laughing, joking, sounded like five a side football taking place. I am not a killjoy but a time and place for everything. Midnight to 04,00 neither!! Also, springs coming through mattress, room smelled stale, the sink in the bathroom didn't have a plug so the water from the tap went straight down the plug hole!! Booked a single room and got a room with 4 single beds in it with 12 inches between each bed. Some hotels/hostels have this arrangement and cost 25% of their fees!! 04.30 came and I decided to evacuate. Checked out telling the receptionist I could have got more sleep by staying in…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Average hotel.,"If you go for holiday in london, perhaps there are some other better hotel with same price of this hotel with better location nearer to london central. if you go for business in london, then your business location near(up to 3 train stations) this hotel, this hotel is not bad. room space ok. room cleanliness below average. room value ok room/ hotel service ok room breakfast ok",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,worst hotel,"wish to tell people who are travelling to the city be aware of this hotel, as i have horrifying experiences for the hotel and booking.com, we booked the hotel through booking.com on 4th june 2013, i was happy to see the pics and services mentioned on site but when we reached there we had nightmare, i was travelling with my 10 year old child, as soon as we went to the reception and paid entire 3 days amount, we were directed to the stair case to stay and take our heavy luggage through stair case our selves when we told its not possible for us to carry our heavy luggage through stair case the lady on reception started  insulting saying, every body does this and making fun among themselves, when i said to change the room they gave us a tiniest room in the world my me there was only…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DON'T STAY HERE!,"Rude reception. No remote for TV. NO PILLOWS. Shower broken. Someone left a turd in the toilet. 1 towel between 2 people. Carpet filthy, feet stuck to it. No hot water. Booked through work not me. Next time I'll sleep in the van!",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Good Hotel, Fair Location","The single room had a double bed and was quite pleasant.  This is a budget hotel so some of the fixtures are old, but everything worked.  The room was clean enough and there's room for storage and a desk.  The breakfast was good, with excellent service.  You have to pay for the Wi-Fi, which I didn't do because of nearby Internet Cafes.  It is convenient to the Tube, and there are good nearby restaurants and pubs although this isn't my favorite part of the city, but okay.  The price was very reasonable, and I consider it a good value and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Lily,"Looked at other reviews of the Hotel Lily,so here is my review. We found that the room we stayed in was okay(room 127). It was small, but there bedside tables, and a good size wardrobe. Bed was comfortable, only problem in the room was the double glazing. The window should be replaced, as there was a little draft coming in, but I fixed that by jamming a piece of card in the window. Breakfast was good. Not exactly 4-star, but for the price why complain. We would stop in the Lily again.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A shocker. But maybe it's typical of cheaper London hotels.,Where do you start when trying to describe this hotel. The rooms are ridiculously small for two people. There's nowhere for bags at all. We had to put the chair in the wardrobe to make room for one bag on the floor. The bathroom is very small. Maybe thats why they only supply two bath towels and no bath mat or hand towel. The small flat screen TV is fine except they forget to mention that there's no remote control in the room. That costs you a refundable £10 when you finally give up looking and go down to reception to ask. WiFi costs another £5 for 24 hours and is very difficult to operate plus it drops in and out when it feels like it. The coffee place down the road manages to supply a much better and simpler internet service for free. Its not that hard. Lets talk cleanliness.…,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get what you pay for..,"The reception area of this hotel is deceiving. It looks much classier than the rest of the hotel. The rooms are tiny, even by European standards. We supposedly had a nonsmoking room, but it reeked of smoke. The bathroom was not very good either-there was a big rip in the side of the bathtub causing it to leak water whenever someone showered. The breakfast was okay-not great, but okay. I left my very pricey charger in the hotel and when I enquired about shipping and how long it would take (as I am leaving my Scottish uni to return to the states at the end of this week), the lady's response was ""why don't you go to a post office and ask?"" Seriously? She probably had a computer right there. This hotel was okay, but if you can afford to go elsewhere, I highly suggest doing so.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great location is all that's good,Just returned from the hotel lily booked through superbreak. We got a fantastic deal and it was worth what we paid as london was busy with it being the bank holiday and the champions league final but it certainly was not worth £1000 for 2 nights as advertised the week before we went!! Hotel looks lovely in reception area but don't be fooled the rooms are minute there is nowhere to go if one of you is standing on the floor apart from the bed or the tiny bathroom. The cooked breakfast was ok tasted a bit greasy for me so we gave it a miss the second day. Had to ask for extra pillows to be told they only had one spare and we had to pay £10 deposit for the tv remote refunded on checkout with receipt. Location is the only positive I would not stay here again. ,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Exceptionally rude!,"We only dealt with the receptionists and they were extremely rude, particularly the men in the morning. We were short one towel (two friends sharing in a twin room and only 1 towel supplied) and called down to reception only to be barked at on the phone that they could not deliver the towel. When I went down in person (the other one waiting to be able to take a shower in the hope of being able to dry himself) once again I was verbally assaulted by the male receptionist, stating he's alone and that towels are only available within half an hour. The sentence was like this: ""i've already told you we don't have any alright"" and other words which I will not publish for the general audience.  In short a place which is the name hotel unworthy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Basic but good,"I just stayed at this hotel and was really worried because  of all the reviews but from my experience it was perfect for a small get away, It is a nice clean hotel  good breakfast and really well situated if u want to be in London,good staff very helpful.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"""Comfortable stay, value for money """,I had stayed in this hotel 3 times and it is one of the best hotel in Chelsea kensington area at that price . The tube station is 2 mins away and Gatwick airport pick up also 100metres away from hotel. Nice rooms / healthy breakfast/ great location and good staff .  It is certainly value for money what you pay .  ,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Theives!!!!!,"Our Hotel Lilly experience was horrible. We arrived in the morning and the staff had us wait for 40 minutes before check in because they could not find our reservation, although we showed them our print out version. When they finally found our reservation, we went to our rooms and the rooms are very small. The sheets were stained and they only change towels every 2 days. They charged us for Wi-Fi 5 pounds a day in cash which was fine, except they failed to mention that they had already charged the credit card. During my stay of 1 week, my fire alarm went off twice at 1 am, and shut off after a few seconds. Not cool at all! I gave a 5 pound deposit for a transformer for the plug outlet and when I came to check out he lost the receipt and said he can’t give me back the money. The…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,good place to stay,"Good place to stay. Good position near tube, clean, tidy good size rooms in accessible safe location. You can get good deals to stay here too so worth keeping an eye out esp in an area of london that has rakes of bad old dingy hotels.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Modest hotel but a decent place with good staff.,"Stayed here recently as a single in a twin room. Nice clean room, new sheets and obliging staff. Breakfast was served with little choice but what was on offer was decent and the service was fine. Room was to the front and could be noisy on a week day. w/e was ok.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't expect something for nothing.,"Cheap!!!!!  It is true that the hotel has seen better days.  However the staff were very helpful and friendly and the beds were clean.  We only stayed one night to see a show, I could possibly have stretched to two but that would have been enough.  I managed to get the room for £46 for two including a cooked breakfast, which by the way was fine which seemed too good to be true.  I may have been dubious about eating there, had it not been for the open plan kitchen area that you can see is clean.  I feel that the price I paid was good for the room we had, do not expect faultless/spotless for these prices as you will be disappointed.  disappointed.  If however you need a basic, cheap place to stay very close to the sights of London, with only a five minute tube journey then it's…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Do not stay here!,"We stayed here while exhibiting at Olympia exhibition centre, we have stayed in a lot of cheap b&b's and hotels but this was by far the worst place I have ever stayed. When we phoned up to enquire and book we were told that there was free wifi and parking for our van on the first and last nights. On arrival we were left blocking the road whilst being told we could not park on site even though there were spaces available. We then had to park in the Ibis car park instead and walk to the hotel with all our luggage. We were then also told the wifi would be £5 per day, after complaining we were told we could have it for £5 for our stay. When we got to the rooms they were dirty, small and ill equipped. There was no seal around the windows so it was always noisy and cold. They was no…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,We loved it and we're going back!!!,"The Hotel Lily is advertised as a budget hotel, and that's what it is.  That's not to say that it's not a great place to stay.  We travelled from Wales on a three day weekend break.  It's incredibly easy to find, despite its being relatively central.  Ok,, the rooms are pretty basic, but all we wanted was somewhere clean to kip that had excellent access to the tube and on bus routes (Warwick Road tube is literally five minutes' walk from the door). The staff (contrary to other reviews) were both polite and helpful.  There's also a complimentary English breakfast.  The hotel also has parking, which costs £15 for 24 hours...amazing value for Central London!).  If you want a budget hotel, in a prime location, you should look no further than this one.  In fact, we liked it so much…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Awful,"First room they gave me smelt of urine. Street noise horendous both in first and replacement rooms. Wifi at £5 did not work and front desk could not help. Worst examples of UK hospitality,  I have to say that I am only writing this because you need 200 words. I am very shortly going to stop reviewing as I am a man of few words. I am only submitting this  because this hotel is so bad. I have stopped submitting because of your ridiculous requirements for lengthy reviews.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The worst hotel ever,"When we arrived they gave us a room which didnt had nothing to do with the photos on their website. It was really dirty with fungus in most places of the bathroom and especially the vedilation. We found hair from man ""underwear"" in a drawer, a packet of cigarettes in another drawer and spread tobacco in all of the drawer, hairs on the bed, on sheets and dust all over. We changed room and got into another with fungus in the tiles of the bathroom. We asked from the cleaner to clean it but they she didn't. They charge the internet 5 pounds for 24 hours BUT they give you 1000mb limit which they dont say it to you before your bandwidth is over. I am extremely disappointed and I am going to file a report on them since no one deserves to stay in places like this.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Low Price Paid - Couldn't Expect Much More Than We Got......,"I booked this online at a very reasonable price. It was for one nights B&B. Initial opinion on the exterior as we approached was ""old and tired"" looking. Receptionists were very helpful and friendly :-)  The lifts were scary and old :-( The hotel halls were being renovated so there was a lot of dust and bare plaster everywhere. Our room was absolutely TINY.... You could hardly get around the bed. The bed was comfy enough but you really had no comfort walking around bed or opening up your case. Everything is cramped. The bathroom was TINY also. No shower gel / shampoo provided so unless you bring your own you have to use the hotel's small bar of soap ( not ideal ) No Hairdryer available.  You have to pay £10 deposit for the use of a TV remote control but at least you get it back…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Cheap price, cheap experience","I stayed there for 5 nights as I was on my work experience in London all the way from South Scotland, woman in the reception welcomed me with a straight face, dirty looks and didn't even show me where my room was, first thing she said to me wasn't 'Hello' it was 'Have you already paid for your stay?'. Room was tiny but okay for me, bathroom = terrible, shower was broken and instead of putting me in a different room, the manager asked me to stay in it and told me it'll be fixed in the morning, I had to go to the shop get some bleach and clean the bath because I felt disgusted and couldn't go in. There was no remote for the tv, and no duvet, yes, there was NO DUVET on the bed!!! RIDICULOUS! There was only a blanket/cover for the bed and that was it! I had to sleep in my joggers…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ok - would stay again,"We stayed here for 1 night whilst making the trip down from Bradford to watch football at wembley.   We got to the hotel at 11:30, told room wouldn't be ready till 2. We put our bags in a room and valuables behind the reception desk. Took a trip to the toilet to find toast on the floor!  So we went to the game and come back about half 11 at night and checked in. Went to the lift which if you had a suitcase you would struggle to get 2 and a suitcase in there. The first lift came and it was covered in wee, we told the receptionist who just shuck his head. Never apologised or anything. We got to the road which was boiling but after 5/10 minutes of the window been open it was fine. Beds were fine and very clean not the comfiest but ok to sleep in.  We dint get up for breakfast but…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Back to the 40s!,"Room 126 - stayed 2 nights. On arrival was advised fully booked or we would have asked for different room. Room was very small, unfortunate, but the main point was that we had only tepid water running through the taps, even after running the taps for 15 minutes.  The plug in the washbasin was broken and had been substituted by a black plastic plug which was too big and had to be balanced over the plughole.  We had to boil water in the kettle to get a wash.  Shower or bath impossible.  When we told reception that there was no running hot water the comment was ""can't understand that its all on one system"".  The television worked when we balanced the aerial cable over the TV and caught it in the drawers to hold it.  Ancient towels and green bath mat with paint smears, bath panel…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Excellent location but only suitable for one nights stay,"We stayed here for two nights. From the outside the hotel looks OK and the reception is very welcoming. But the minute you step in to the lift you know the rest of the hotel isn't the same quality. The staff seemed OK, but we did not really have much to do with them.  Our room was very small and had nowhere to put your luggage, so if you are staying more than just a night or two then you would probably be sleeping on your suitcase! The room had a small bathroom which again was OK for a couple of nights but would not be suitable for a longer trip.  The heating was on full which made the room quite warm, but this is probably done to block out the cold draft blowing constantly through the poorly fitting window.  I would imagine the hotel had recently been painted, albeit very…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very basic but value for money.,"We booked this hotel through superbreak as we needed a cheap room to stay in while visited London for the museums.  The reception is very modern compared to the dated rooms and the staff are pleasant but not friendly.  The rooms can only be reached by two very small lifts that hold three people at a time and to me, didn't seem very safe.   We had a double room, which was small and basic but the bed was comfortable and the room was clean and warm.  Our room was at the back of the hotel so we weren't kept awake by road noise, however every other room in our corridor was being decorated at the time and the builders were loud, there from a very early hour.  We opted not to eat breakfast at the hotel and rather ate pastries from a shop down the road, as the hotel is in a very good…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money,"Reasonably priced hotel, good location, rooms were small but clean, beds were comfortable! I did get over-charged on my booking by £20! The woman on desk was really rude, barely making eye contact and was reluctant to help when I asked to be refunded for their error! She refused to accept there was a problem even though I had clearly been over-charged! She reluctantly refunded me after 20 minutes of her huffing and puffing, ignoring me and hoping I'd forget about it! Was then late for my train! Otherwise a reasonable stay! ",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never again,"What a dump. We stayed at this hotel as part of a group booking, the staff are friendly and helpful, that is the only good thing I can say about the hotel. People who say the hotel is clean must not have the same standards as I do. Filthy carpets, suspicious stains on the bed sheets and other peoples hair in the bathroom are not my idea of clean! The walls are paper thin and you can hear people in the corridor and rooms next door. The windows let in a massive draught not to mention all the noise from outside. The day we arrived was quite windy & so the room was freezing there was that much cold air coming in. The hotel is convenient for transport links but lets face it you're in the centre of London, so that isn't exactly unusual. The breakfast room at best smelt damp and foisty…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Get what you pay for,"I booked this hotel for two nights before I read the reviews so was dreading what I would find. Upon arrival the reception staff were friendly. I asked for a quiet room at the back and was given room 228. Ok the room was small and could have done with a lick of paint but the beds were clean and so were the blankets in the bottom of the wardrobe. The bathroom is tiny but again was clean. The cups and the kettle were spotless - no milk but was happily given this when I went to reception. Room was very warm so I just turned down the radiator (hardly rocket science!). Breakfast staff very pleasant. The breakfast itself was nice and although not massive, it filled you up enough until lunch. I would stay here again purely because of the price. I do think a lot of reviews left would…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Value for money,"Booked the Hotel with some reservations for two nights having read previous reviews but was too good a price not to give it a try.  Location for exhibition centres is great and theres a great choice of bars an restuarants within 5 min walk.  Very pleashantly surprised by Hotel. Small rooms but what can you expect at this price in this location?  Obviously improved somewhat by recent refurb. Courteous and helpful staff.  Breakfast is hot, tasty and plenitful. Better than some hotels I have paid four or five times as much to stay in.  You dont get the Ritz for Travel Lodge money afterall but this is a great value for money stay. Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Noisy room,Second time here at this hotel. First occasion. Room was ok.. Clean and small. The pillows were really thin but a few we're available hence ok. Mattress just ok. Kinda like 4.7 of ten. Wifi speed in room cost £5 a day but the speed was amazing.   This time was given a front room and only on second floor. The 24 hr London traffic was too loud to sleep. Also Internet wifi not working. Mattress quality a concern if u have back problems.,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Really Convenient,"we stayed in Hotel Lily for 3 nights, the rooms are small but its ok, we just needed a place to put our luggage and sleep, Great location, very close to metro stations, and few shops arround to do your groceries if you want to, it was a little bit noisy but for the price, location and convenience i think it was great deal :)  + we had no problems with heater and hot water was really hot :)",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Very dated, scruffy and not clean!","I am not someone who usually takes time to write a review, but after staying at this hotel, I thought it might be useful if you to read my comments.I want to point out that I am not a hotel snob, and have travelled and stayed in a variety of hotels AND hostels across the globe, and all I expected is a level of comfort and cleanliness to reflect the price....this was not the case at this hotel!  The hotel reception on 1st sight was decent enough and the parking facilities were reasonable at £15 a day, however, on checking in to the room, it looked like it hadn't been updated since the 60's and was very shabby. The handles were falling off all the cupboards, the lighting was all strip lights and it wasn't clean.  No bath towel/floor mat was provided for the bathroom and the shower…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,much better than i expected,"checked in to hotel evening ,location was excellent , just 2 min from tube station . friendly and fast checking reception staff. got a room at the back of hotel, nice and warm room. bed was comfortable and clean .( basic ) had a good cooked breakfast in morning , which was included. stay in hotel for 3 nights. no complain , you get what you paid for .  great location, friendly staff , clean hotel. will stay again",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very good value and location,"Weekend visit to London, stayed again at the Hotel Lily.  It is very good value, especially knowing the high cost of London hotels.  The location is superb for train and bus connections, the staff were really helpful to us, and the full English breakfast is a great treat.  If you must have luxury, go ahead, pay four times as much.  But if you need somewhere for the night at a sensible price for what you get, the Hotel Lily is fine.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Budget Hotel close to all amenities,"Stayed in Hotel Lily recently and was very pleased with the experience.  I arrived into Gatwick Airport and got an Easy Jet bus right to the door of the hotel.  For people driving, there is a car park at the hotel .  The Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The bedroom was small but clean.  The location of the hotel is excellent near 2 tube stations and so close to Harrods! and lots of interesting Museums e.g. Victoria and Albert Museum etc etc.  If you need a budget hotel close to all amenities, Hotel Lily is an excellent choice.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Couldn't be worse,"If you are interested in a very low quality, ABSOLUTELY-DISAPPOINTING and WATES-OF-TIME-AND-MONEY service, Lillie Hotel is your ideal choice! We booked a double room for three nights. We suffered the UNCOMFORTABLE BED and ran into an unexpected guest in our room on the second night; A MOUSE, RUNNING AROUND IN THE TOILET. When we reported the issue to the reception we found a very INATTENTIVE  RESPONSE from the desk attendant. We had to REPEATEDLY ASK TO TALK TO A PERSON IN CHARGE. As you can expect from a low standard hotel, the Manger was not there and not even available to talk over the phone!!  The response from the so called Deputy Manger was equally dismissive and minimizing the incident. It was SHOCKING for us to hear that SHE HAD NO AUTHORITY TO ATTEND TO OUR COMPLAINT.…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AVOID AVOID AVOID!,"- Very old and small room, no space to place our luggages so we have to put ours in between the beds. - Bathroom was very tiny, no space to walk more than 1 step, all you need to do is just turn your body around and you reach everything in the bathroom. - Towel and soap provided but no shampoo - Very noisy as we were assigned a room near a door that separate the hallway - disturbed by door slamming all nights. - Around 15 minutes walk to Earls Court station, 5 mins to West Brompton - Internet costs 5GBP for whole stay",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A tip,Room cold with a draught even though it was double glazed. Cold air coming in under the window frame. I went to bed in my clothes. Radiator not working.  Breakfast hit and miss. If you are a vegetarian forget it unlees you have toast. Eggs were present sometimes. We only stopped because it was close to Earls Court for a show. Never again!!!!!  One good thing was the Lily Tandori down the road.,Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,nightmare trip,"i booked this hotel for a JAN 02 2013 nights stay with breakfast.This was a treat for my son so we could watch the football live at Stamford bridge Once we located the hotel we entered the reception which was very nice, all refurbished. we collected the key and started walking up the stairs which were in bad need of repair, the corridor walls were falling apart, nails sticking out of the wall, then we reached the room. In the room it was very small and looked like had not been cleaned in a long time. the bathroom had highly noticeable mould coming out of the fan, the taps were broken and just swung backwards and forwards while tried to use them, the shower head was full of limescale which meant when this was turned on , the water sprayed everywhere else apart from where it…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Inexpensive hotel by Earls Court,"Stayed here to be close to Earls Court for four nights. Reception was welcoming and helpful. This is a no frills hotel and is priced accordingly. Sure it could do with some updating and smartening up, but it was adequate as a quiet place to sleep during an immensely busy time. Not a lot of space in the rooms, but enough.  Breakfast was served promptly down in the basement restaurant - fine for a full English. The answer to would I stay again depends on the tariff.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,cheap and cheerful,istayed here for one night as i was going to the chelsea game. The hotel was in a great location for me a few bars near by and a train station 3-4 mins away. Rooms where basic not much room to swing a cat tho but the breakfast was great.Would recommend for anyone looking for a cheap hotel and basic surrounds.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Great service, good rooms.","I found it to be a quite charming and clean place with direct bus and tube services to the centre of London, plus a short walk to Fulham which was absolutely ideal for my needs.   I can't fault it for anything apart from a missing tea spoon, I had used my keys to stir my morning coffee but I'm certain I couldve had one if I had asked about it.    I look forward to using the service again if the situation calls for another visit.     I see on here that people complain about the noise from the street and the road?.  I think they forget that they were in a borough of London and most if not all Hotels 1 to 5 star are situated by a busy road.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Makeover Required,"Booked into Lily for a one night stay recently, have to say I received an excellent reception on arrival, very nice lady welcomed me and my two friends and booked us in. Following morning similar experience at breakfast where a very nice breakfast was served, I.e. scrambled egg, bacon,sausage with copious amounts of tea/coffee and toast. Location was very good 100 metres from tube station with regular tubes to central London. However I have to say that the accommodation is in need of a serious makeover, the hotel is a throw back to the seventies ( in my opinion) and it appears that it may have not got a lot of loving in the interim. A little lick of paint and new upholstery would do a lot for this hotel. In general having read the reviews of this hotel I came back from same with…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap but not cheerful,"The caked sick coagulating in the bonsai bush outside the reception area was an inauspicious start, and it didn't really get much better. Very small and grotty room, reasonably clean bed sheets but everything else stuck firmly in the 80s. The breakfast itself was edible but we were sat for 10 minutes on a dirty table without any acknowledgement. Eventually one of the waiting staff came and cleared the table next to us at which no-one was sitting, completely ignoring us sitting there staring at a pile of dirty plates with glum expressions. We then moved to the table which was cleaned but it took a further 10 minutes to get a member of staff's attention. The lady at reception was very rude on checking out. Not an experience to be repeated, its cheap but not cheap enough!!",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If you fancy living like a tramp then give it a bash!,Staff very very rude and don't care. If you get a smile you should buy a lottery ticket because its your lucky day. The lift is a death trap. The door to our room only opened half way because the room was so small and there was a wardrobe behind it. To get past the bed you had to walk sideways. Stains on walls and carpets. A funny smell to top it off.Horrific.,Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Had a good experience,"There's nothing wrong with this hotel, it's cheap, so what do you expect? A room at the Riz Hotel?  I have chosen this hotel twice, never had problems. Placed in a great position, two Tube stations are very close and it is zone 1/2 so you pay less, the staff is very kind, the rooms are tiny but clean, breakfast is enough. I think I'll be back again.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Excellent location, very basic","We had read the reviews of this hotel and were very apprehensive , but then very pleasantly surprised. The staff were very friendly and also very helpful. Yes the rooms were a shabby with cheap furniture and could have done with a lic of paint. The bathroom decor was a bit of a botch job but all was very clean. we did as for a quiet room which was well worth it as the Lily Road is very busy and loud. Yes the lifts are small but there are two with a maximum of 3 people - it says so inside the left. Yes one has to pay a deposit of £10 for the remote control of the telly, but is this a bad thing? in any case you get it bac. If you want to use a hair dryer - you just as for it. If you want to iron some clothes - there is an iron plus ironing board in the basement just before the…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Grotty,"We needed accommodation near Earls Court to attend Discover Dogs with my dog - this hotel appeared on a dog-friendly website - after booking was complete message appeared saying NO DOGS! After some discussion they kindly did allow my dog.  The room was extremely basic with a strip light, no shampoo, no teaspoons, only two inconveniently placed electric sockets, no pictures on wall, just - basic.  Staff were quite pleasant and helpful - the posh reception area belies the quality, cleanliness and standard of the room we were in.  Only stay here if you really need to.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Needs Renovating,"This is a Cheap Hotel and I mean Cheap. The room was small with mould around the bath. All you get is a Bath Towel no Hand Towel and a small bar of soap. The sink is what you would have in a small toilet. The shelves in the room had black around the edges. It was also noisy. Breakfast was ok with no real choice. the Orange juice was the real cheap brand. You have a choice of bacon , eggs, sausage and beans. White bread toast only. Served to you by a miserable waitress. You have the privilege of Paying £85 per night for this. My room was also noisy from the road and the fire door which did not open properly. I was glad to get out of this place after 3 nights. It made me ashamed to be British to have the owners offer this hotel to tourists.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Good basic accommodation,"We had 3 nights here and it couldn't have been more convenient for the underground with easy access to all the attractions London has to offer, We found the staff friendly and helpful. The room was small and basic and the bathroom was even smaller but it was warm, comfortable and clean . The breakfast was perfectly adequate if not lots of choice. In all we could not have expected more for the money.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Speculate to accumulate,"Two night stay in conjunction with a theatre trip booked through a Thomson brochure. Excellent location, nice breakfast and the white beds sheets appeared clean, and the beds comfortable, providing a restful night. In the brochure Hotel Lily is listed as a two star hotel so it is a budget hotel, if you want better, pay more. That said some experiences were avoidable. The quilt did appear to have stains on it. The rooms were dull and the staff in the breakfast room down right rude. No matter how much you paid you don't expect staff to mumble ""oh for god sake"" when you ask for another coffee. This hotel is yards from the district line underground and gives good access to the West End. The price for a taxi to the theatre however was quoted at £18 for two passengers but there is…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid Hotel,"The only good thing about this hotel is the location. However, as it has been previously stated in previous review, pay a little bit more and stay at the Ibis just down the road.  The reception of the hotel gives a false impression of a nice modern hotel. The lifts to the bedrooms are tiny, you can only fit 2 people in a lift at a time.  I was allocated a twin bed room, and it was very small. My friend and I were tripping over each other. There are only 2 plug sockets, 1 of which is occupied by the TV (which, by the way, you have to pay a £10 deposit for the remote control!). The light above our main mirror in the bedroom did not work, and the radiator next to the bed is on full blast and there is no option to be able to turn the thing down. We also were woken up at 4am by the…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,BED BUGS !!!!!!!!!!!!,"I stayed in this fifhy hole for two nights I didn't realize until I got home  and started coming out in very large red itchy sore spots, GP and nurse confirmed I'd been biten by bed bugs  The place should be shut down by the health people and demolised.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If you want to be bitten while you sleep then stay here...............,"This was a nightmare... We stayed here 19th October and when we entered into the reception area we thought oh it looks ok here, that was until we walked along to the rooms. 1/ Fire doors with gaps between when closed. 2/ Blood stains on the sheets 3/ We read about a problem with bedbugs before we booked this hotel but thought we would ignore what was put and we booked, this was the biggest mistake in our lives. On waking up in the morning my two children had quite a number of bites which became very infected...... When we checked the beds fully we were met with the sight of yes you guessed right a load of bedbugs...... So we checked out instead of finishing the weekend off and went next door to the ibis.....",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Read the most recent reviews - they are correct! Avoid this hotel,"I (foolishly) went for the cheap option in a familiar area as I planned to visit friends in and around London. Thank god I didn't have to spend too much time in the hotel and only stayed 2 nights. Where to start? The first room I was given seemed to be a converted cupboard at the far end of the corridor; curtains hanging off rail, drawers filthy, no light anywhere near the bed. The second room was only marginally better. Curtains were also hanging loose from the rail, the smell of damp from the bathroom pervaded the whole room; additional charms included no sink plug, no shampoo and a broken bath panel. On BOTH nights I was woken by the shrieking fire alarm at around 4am. On enquiring about this after the second instance I was dismissed with a comment about people ""messing…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid,"Pay more if you have to and avoid this place. The rooms are awful, I had one with 3 single beds in it even though it was only myself sleeping there. There were stains on the carpet and hair in the bath plughole. The plug was detached from the bath chain and the sink had no plug at all. the rooms had no sound-proofing at all and every noise from the street and the next door rooms came through. It seems they've spent all their money on a shiny new reception area and forgotten the rest of the building.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Tired dirty old hotel.,"Was ambarrased I'd booked it for boss for business trip.   Location great for Earls Court - but hotel was dirty and run down and full of work men. (as residents - not actually working on the place sadly)  You know you're in a budget hotel when you don't get TV remotes, and have to fiddle around with small buttons on the back of the tv  running water has problems - no plugs in basin - no glass for drink or to put toothbrush in. No shampoo - (but you do get a bit of soap)  Maybe we wre unlucky but both our rooms were noisy from aircon unit outside / or elavator motor. (also as on top floor aeroplane noise from being on flight path for Heathrow - but planes do stop at night)  We were on 5th floor - lift only goes to 4th floor...  Car park was too small - and full of white vans -…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Better than we expected and very helpful staff,"I only read the reviews for this hotel the day before we arrived. I was very concerned about some of the comments about cleanliness and poor service.   In fact on arrival the reception was fine, the room a very small double, so space severely limited, but at the back of the hotel, so quiet. The bed was comfortable and the bedding was clean and the bathroom newly replaced and certainly very clean. There was some noise from the central heating system in the early hours. but the heating worked and kept the room warm.  The breakfast service was excellent........staff very swift and attentive. The food was hot and well cooked and plentiful. As I was off to a conference, I was able to eat well and leave within 15 minutes..  The decor is shabby, and space is limited, but the hotel is …",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great location for Earls Court but very average hotel,"Stayed at the Hotel Lily for 3 nights whilst attending exhibition at Earls Court.  The location of the hotel is great with Earls Court main entrance just a few minutes walk away.  Close to three pubs and a general store.  With lots more bars and restaurants within a ten minute walk.  The hotel also has parking available at 15 pounds a day.  The hotel however, was very average.  My friend ended up changing room as his was at the front of the hotel and extremely noise due to road traffic and bad fitting double glazing.  We were luckier and had a room at the back and if staying here I would recommend that you ask for one.  Our room was definitely not large enough to ""swing a cat in"".... but this is London!  The hotel room was quite clean but could not really say the same about the…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,no bad,"we stayed at the hotel in end September / start of October. We had room 215 a double bed room; the room was small but fine for us and the bed was really comfortable. My girlfriend use just one time the breakfast service and she said was fine so i trust her. in any case the lack of the hotel was the cleaning: we had the air conduit in the bathroom at head higher and was full of dust; and in the bed where is the light for read in the night, was some spider web but was fine",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Varied Experience,"Stayed here over 3 years ago, it was average then, but not improved since then. Good Points - location, breakfast fine. Bad Points - Male receptionists could do with being sent on a ""customer service course!""                   - Had to ask at reception for a plug for the sink in the bathroom, even the plug didnt fit correctly.                   - Bottom of the ""opening window"" had obviously been forced out at some time, and did not shut properly, leaving a gap for the wind & cold to enter room! Draught excluder hanging off bottom of room door, leaving a ""dangerously exposed"" nial ( See photo). Doors in corridors & room need oiling to stop them ""squeaking"", and causing a disturbance  A charge of £10 to hire a remote control for the TV ( otherwise use buttons on side of TV).",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Small rooms, but fine","Four of us stayed here in a quadruple room.   Firstly the location is fairly convenient - you are 1min from West Brompton tube station and directly opposite the hotel is the Gatwick Easy Bus drop off point (if you are coming from Gatwick). It is also right opposite the Earls Court Olympia (Exhibition Centre).  There are a couple of pubs and fast food places close by, but other than that not that much happening - you can walk to Earls Court in about 10min though.   Overall, staff were friendly. They upgraded us at no cost from a quadruple room to a five-bed room because they said we may like the extra space. This was nice of them.   The room was very very average - it was five single beds all right next to each other, with a bathroom. Nothing special at all, but it suited us for…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DIRTY,"We have stayed at this hotel a few times recently but after the last stay never again. It was a good option when the Olympics were on and prices were high but on our last stay one guy was bitten severely by something. We told the hotel who got in a pest control company, they did not find anything but couldn't tell me what tests they had done in the room. Upon inspecting dirty cotton buds were found under the bed and we ended up moving hotel. The hotel offered no compensation and no actual apology really. This ended up with us cancelling a group booking later this year, they were not surprised or even asked why we could cancel such a large booking so I'm sure they are used to this kind of feedback.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Bed bugs, filthy sheets, and management who know about it but just want your money","I stayed here as i was working at the nearby exhibition centre, Never again, i found bugs crawling on one of the beds so being exhausted i slept in the second bed. In the morning i found bed bugs in the seconds bed. I photographed these and have sent them in to the local Environmental Health Officer. I reported this to the management and they obviously were used to receiving such complaints. The floors are flithy, as are the sheets and towels, which are obviously from the 1970's. The walls are paper thin and the windows do not fit so you are kept awake all night by the road traffic. I have stayed in worse hotels in the world but none such in the UK.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,At least the staff were nice.,"I stayed here for 4 nights on the tail end of a business trip. I never usually pay more than 50 pounds a night for a hotel in London but because of the Para-Olympics, the prices were crazy. I paid 65 a night here for a double bedded room.  I explained that I needed the Wifi for my work laptop and the lady at the desk put me in a room at the back of the hotel where the signal would be strongest. The internet was 5 pounds for the whole stay - many of the other, more expensive hotels charge much more.  When I got to the room, I found the tv didn't work, the shower sprayed in all directions (but had a fairly strong flow so it was ok) and it wasn't very bright and airy. However, I didn't want to complain or change rooms as I wanted the good wifi signal.  The room was really small -…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Tired but Ok,"Stayed at the Hotel Lily on 26th August 2012. This was not my first choice of hotel but all others close by were fully booked. The Hotel is clean and tidy, however the whole hotel needs a complete overhaul. The rooms are very basic but the beds were suprisingly comfortable, plenty of hot water and the breakfast was quite decent. Would i stay there again out of choice, propably not but for one night it served its purpose.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great place for people on a budget,"Not sure all the negative feedback on here really reflects what I found when I went there  Paid £52 for a room with full English breakfast. You wouldn't get that sort of price if you were closer to central London.  It's fair to say that place has seen better days. You can imagine 15 years ago this would have been a great, modern place to stay. And then they just left it....  The room was a decent size, but decor hadn't been refreshed in quite some time. Wall paper peeling, furniture needed replacing. But for a small price, it really didn't affect my stay.  En suite bathroom was clean and tidy and room had tv, tea and coffee and good quality pillows.  Breakfast was good too.   Great staff, reception staff very friendly and helpful.  Location is 1 minute walk from west bromton on…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,OK for 1 night stay if all you require is a bed to sleep in.,"After booking a hotel a year in advance for the Olypmics, we were told on arrival that the booking had been cancelled: ensue a lot of drama and faff and by some miracle we found what seemed to be the only room left in London at a reasonable rate. Hotel Lily advertised the rate at £90, we were charged £95 when we called to reserve it.  The hotel is a two minute walk from West Brampton Tube (District:green line)  - you turn left at the exit and the hotel is a little further down on the left hand side.   The reception itself looked good, the staff had been friendly to us, however we did see them being a bit abrupt with other guests.   The room was small, but perfectly adequate if you were just looking for a place to sleep for one night. The room had a flat screen TV (you had to…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Weekend break,Travelled from Scotland on a booking with 'Superbreak' for a 2 night stay.Ideal location for weekend break in London with good underground links close by.Accommodation basic but comfortable and a satisfactory breakfast was included.I would certainly consider this hotel for my next weekend stay in London.,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,This is not a hotel!,"If you are considering this ""hotel"", you may just as well consider getting a carton box and sleep under Tower Bridge. This place is not a hotel, it's not even a value for money hostel, it's a DUMP. We have never ever seen a place this dirty, smelly, worn out, unhygienic and last but not least UNFRIENDLY!  We (7 people) stayed exactly 2 minutes before we all decided not to stay here and risk getting all kinds of strange diseases. And even when we discussed this with the manager who told us we weren't getting ANY money back (not even for the second night). We were happy to leave the building and booked ourselves a real hotel.  My advice: DO NOT BOOK THIS ""HOTEL""! Seriously",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,And the world record for unhelpfulness goes to...,"Apart from poor cleanliness and dodgy breakfast, I was most unimpressed with the way staff handled a burglary in my room.  When I told them someone had taken some of my things (which could not have been done from the outside), the receptionist's response was: ""that's not our responsibility"". The General Manager felt the need to say: ""that's highly unusual"" and just pointed me to the nearest police station. The reaction there: ""oh, that place.""  I realise this is a cheap hotel, but making guests feel safe and well attended to doesn't require stars or pounds.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,ONE OF BEST BUDJET HOTEL !!!!!,"I have checked in to hotel saturday eve , had a great welcome from the reception  guys. quick check in as i wanted , reception area was beautifull. lift worked fine ,  room was fine what i paid for ( £ 105 ) , clean bathroom , clean beddins ,t v worked fine. had enough tea, coffe and sugar in room.  breakfast was warm ,quick  and fresh . hotel staff was friendly and service was great, overall it was great experience , worth it what i paid for  stay again next time ,",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not as bad as I thought it would be,"Booked to stay here for a Saturday night, as I couldn't find any other cheap rooms for 2 people at such short notice. Paid £110 which wasn't bad for London, so obviously wasn't expecting the ritz. However, it wasn't as bad as a lot of the reviews on here. Room and bathroom clean, if a little outdated and cobbed together. Wardrobe smelt. The beds were comfortable and the window opened for fresh air (unlike travel lodge windows which open 1 cm and leave the room stifling). Corridors were quiet and there was no noise from the fire doors which a lot of people mentioned, so perhaps these have been updated. Breakfast looked nice and the restaurant bright and efficient. Cheap jam obviously, but it's a cheap hotel. Reception were helpful and let us leave the car for an extra hour after…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Rubbish,"We arrived at the hotel after a early morning traveling and working in London ,once we arrived at the hotel and checked in we just wanted to park our work van and get to the room to relax ,we were then informed by reception that we had to pay 20 pounds to use the car park and there was no street parking available until 8 pm so we were left no choice but to pay an extra 80 pounds upfront for the 4 night stay,we then got to our room which was not clean and when we asked for the WiFi code they wanted to charge is another 5 pounds for the service,its a joke don't stay at the hotel it not worth it.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Marginally better than before,"Fourth time I've stayed here; booked because it's ""cheap"" (for London) and its location by Earls Court for work. In dire need of refurbishment. Staff pleasant, rooms suffer from noise from the street, shower lousy, shower curtain dirty but at least this time round they seemed to have cleaned the room. In summary; for London it's relatively cheap so expect cheap surroundings.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,our jubilee weekend at the lily,"reception nice room furnishings ok but bed was not good clean sheets but only fit across top of bed no overlap and the matress and divan was not very clean .we spent three nights sleeping on top of the bed with our coats as covers , there was a blanket just thrown in the bottom of the wardrobe,which looked dirty breakfast was very nice could not fault the staff they were friendly and helpful but the hotel rooms could do with a facelift.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not as bad as you think,"So I paid £45 for a night here and, after reading the reviews, was planning to get as drunk as possible at the function I was in town for to overcome the nastiness. But I was mildly surprised. There was no rudeness at reception as reported on here- in fact the man was well mannered and chatty. The quirky looking lifts work (hooray) and I got into my room fine. The room itself was larger than I expected for a single; it had a double bed with clean sheets and pillow cases, wardrobe, huge mirror and a nice two level desk/dresser (especially useful for short people like me). I didn't go searching around purposely looking for dirt or broken things as what I can't see can't hurt me. The bathroom seemed fine apart from that I never did find the switch for the light in there. In all,…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't stay here go a few doors up to the ibis hotel,By far the worst place I have every stayed in London.we were charged £90 for one night.we didn't get breakfast.room two small for two people it was like staying in a caravan.tv didn't work.no bath mat in the bath so you could slip while having a shower.bathroom small and dirty.Room and whole hotel run down and old should have been re done years ago.for the price we payed we could have stayed a few doors up in the ibis hotel We went in there for a drink the night we stayed at the lilly hotel.the ibis was clean and bright and had a pub/resturant in it.its best to shop around these days Don't make the same mistake I made and end up at the Lilly hotels.there is lots off great places to stay in London these days for a really cheap rate.,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Friendly service is not included in price,"After reading the reviews I was prepared for the worst, but I must say the rooms aren't that bad. Although I got a very small room on the 1st floor, it was clean and there was a shower / bad with hot water, a nice flat-screen tv (yet no remote) and coffee/thee facilities. However, the hotel doors are extremely loud and whenever anybody on the floor enters or leaves, it wakes you up with a loud bang. Breakfast is only served between 7-9.   The staff was very unfriendly and parking place were horrible..  When I arrived at the hotel in the evening, I was asked by the receptionist to pay for the parking up front. However, I didn't have enough pounds yet and my personal bank card got refused at the machine (it doesn't work on all UK cash machines). I proposed to pay in euro's for…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Prior reviews were not representative of this property - is good for price paid.,"I was meeting some friends in London and one of them had made the reservations for us to stay here.  Based on the reviews I read on this site I was very concerned.  Therefore not having any positive expectations of the property I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival.  This is a two star hotel - and it is in Europe, not the US.  I have stayed at many US hotels that were much worse than this hotel.    It provided better than I expected from a 2 star hotel.  The room was clean and the beds comfortable.  Yes it was small by American standards, but good size for the money in Europe.  Towels were large and thick.  The shower was hot and had good pressure.  Yes it can be noisy if the streets get loud - but it is in a residential and business area.  I would have liked another…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Defines the term ""Skeevy hotel""","Considering this hotel is so advantageously positioned right opposite Earl's Court, you'd think they'd be offering a top notch service.  As per other reviews, the posh-looking reception is the best bit about it.  I had a significant amount of luggage and asked if there was a luggage trolley I could use.  Reception guy said no, and proceeded to do nothing or call no-one to help me with my multiple heavy bags.  The elevators are ridiculous cupboards that you just won't be able to use if you are on the large side.  I was on the first floor, and if you are unlucky enough to get a room near the fire doors next to the elevators, you will be suffering with the BANGS of the fire doors closing as people come through them - horrendous.  My room door wouldn't open fully due to a cupboard…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A reasonably priced clean warm albeit very small room,"Stayed here when my company did an exhibition at earls court, brilliant location for the exhibition centre and has parking. The room was clean and warm. The bed was comfy. The room was basic but functional. Only criticisms if I'm being picky were no toiletries in the bathroom and the breakfast wasn't great, but would be happy to stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Lily the Pink,"I was looking for somewhere cheap and convienent for Earls Court, where I was attending a trade exhibition.  Hotel Lily was practically over the road from Earls Court and did the job. The hotel was surprisingly quiet, especially as I discovered the next morning that a whole bunch of foreign students had also been staying there.  Breakfast was Ok although I witnessed the slightly bizarre sight of a waitress topping up suger bowls at each table by directly pouring sugar from a Tate & Lyle sugar bag!  Anyway, I would definately stay here again, making sure that I booked the hotal directly next time to save a bit more money.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,It would need to be a very cheap deal!,"Stayed here on business. Someone else paid so I don't know wh at it cost - but I hope it wasn't much! The whole place looks like it was last decorated in the 70 's with plenty of peeling wood effect vinyl. TV was adequate but £10 deposit required for rem ote control - not worth it because in a room that small you are never far from the TV. There are  two tiny lifts with continental style hinged doors which crash shut and actually get stuck agains t the floor or ceiling on various floors.When coupled with the fire doors at each lift lobby, an                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  …",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ripoff,"Stayed for three nights.Reception best part of hotel. Rooms very poor and cramped. Double bed was tight against one wall! Very cramped. Breakfast consisted of orange juice,fried or scrambled egg, bacon.sausage and beans. (all served cold). No other choice. Hotel advertises a bar and restaurant but these do not exist. Photos on website are not at all representative of the hotel. On leaving I asked to leave my bags and was asked for £5 per bag to have access to a very dirty room in the basement. Definitely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Basic Digs,"After reading reviews I was in two minds to even go to this hotel, we booked as part of a package deal with theatre tickets. On arrival i was quiet surprised as the hotel looked fine, the reception staff were friendly and helpful answering our questions. As we entered the room we thoroughly examined it before taking our things out of suitcases, the room was very basic with not a lot of space between the beds and furniture.   The bathroom door did not shut, the sink and bath had no plugs and the shower curtain had definitely seen better days! There was a kettle which worked, plenty closet and draw space for clothes and our windows opened and closed fine. The T.V on the other hand was something from the 19 hundreds and you had to get the Ariel in the correct position for the T.V…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever stayed at,"Dirty, falling apart and shocking customer service... This hotel wouldn't even make it as a hostel. The whole hotel is in poor condition. To start with the men's urinal in the public toilets was flooded. Having checked in you need to use the lifts to get to your room. The lift has missing buttons and requires you to step inside a cupboard to use it. Even the doors scrape against ceilings where they struggle to open. The rooms are beyond basic, the toilet (see pics) was disgusting with urine soaked into the chipped wooden painted seat. The tv was something out of the 1980's, the beds creaked and felt dirty while lights did not even have covers.   Staff are only concerned about putting cash through the till. None speak clear English and this is used as an excuse for not auctioning…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very basic. Okay for a night on business,"This is a very downmarket hotel. The only reason to stay there is if you want a bed for a few hours close to Earl's Court exhibition centre. At least my room was clean and there were no bed bugs (unlike one or two others in this area). The TV was from another age. But the shower worked. Breakfast is in the basement. There is no choice. You get ""greasy spoon"" fare: tinned orange juice, egg and bacon (have fried, not scrambled), sliced white bread toast. I got strange glances at 7.00 a.m. from my fellow diners - building workers and exhibition roadies, plus a sprinkling of Scandinavian tourists who looked bewildered by this English experience. But for £59 B & B it was not bad value really.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Terrible Hotel, but awesome location","This was possibly the worst Hotel that i have ever stayed in. Considering i stay in Hotels for around 170 nights of the year in over 25 different countries, i think i have something to compare too. The check-in staff are nice, lobby boring, rooms where atrocious, old and smelly, i thought bugs were biting me at night, bathrooms falling apart. The breakfast was boring and overpriced and the old english kitchen lady (cook) looked like she was ready to kill anybody that may have the guts to go and complain. Never going back, shame as location was great",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"STAY AWAY, ASSAULTED, EVICTED, NOTHING GOOD TO SAY","I have stayed in many hotels in my life and this one was the worst of all of them. Talk about run down! First the hotel then the assault and eviction! Broken drawers that could not be opened, threadbare carpets, Taps on the wrong way round, paint peeling from walls. Dirty cups in rooms, run the hot tap and brown water emerged- didnt even risk the bath or so called shower. The rates are made up as you go along with some paying £50 and others £60 per night. Parking charged at £15 per 12 hour period on top of the room rate. My bathroom at home is around 1/2 the size of the layout and I live in a maisonette Heating on full blast even though it was 20 degrees outside as the thermostat on the end of the radiators didnt work! The dining or breakfast area has ripped seating and looks…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Goodnight, Make Sure The Bed Bugs Dont Bite!!","For starters, i would not send my worst enemy here!! After reading the terrible reviews after we had booked our two nights stay, we were pretty horrified. Baring in mind, me and my fiance have slummed it out in the likes of Pontins, Which was pretty  5*+ accommodation compared to this!!! Neither of us minded a run down Hotel, but this takes it to the absolute EXTREME!!! When we arrived, we were VERY plesantly suprized about how lovely the reception was, and the fear started to subside! that was until we ventured up the lift (which was no bigger than a shoe box) to be greated by a HORRID sound of wind blowing up the stairwell... Litterally something like off a horror film! Anyway, brushed off the pretty run down hallway and put the keys into the door... THATS WHEN THE HORROR…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Never again,"booked through hotels.com - and booked this hotel because it had rooms for smokers - only it did not - one big lie - and the noise, some kind of compressor and flodlights from building workd just outside my room (March 2010) - rooms:  well, tried better for smaller price - but clean and friendly staff",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Looks like it was assembled from rejected materials by people who couldn't care less,"From exiting the lift onwards the nightmare began. Corridor doors that have to be forced open, general shabbiness of the room, loose fittings bathroom tiling splashed with paint and dirty. The shower curtain over the bath was 15 cm into the bath so it wrapped itself around you like a clammy shroud if you were brave enough to use the shower otherwise it flooded the floor. I woke up itching all over. The tv which was an early 1980's model a 10 inch !! only had 3 or 4 channels but it was hard to say for sure as the picture was so bad plus there was no remote. WiFi we were advised was erratic and told to come to the lobby should it not work. It didn't. We moved to the next hotel along the street- it cost $A12 more per night and felt 5 star in comparison. ",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not worth the name 'hotel',"This place is just horrible and really not worth the name 'hotel'.  When you arrive is does not look bad at all. The lobby is nice and clean although the lady checking us in was very rude and not friendly at all.  We booked a room for 4. The room was in the basement and there was hardly any light coming in through the very small window. You could also hardly open is, so no fresh air and the room became very smelly.  The room was so small the four single beds were just standing next to eachother without any space in between. There was of course also hardly any room to put our luggage.  Compared to the room the bathroom was quite big, but on the other hand really dirty. The shower curtain had so many stains on it you can hardly see it once had been white. There was fungus…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"horrible, horrible, horrible!!!","i can honestly say this is the worst hotel i have stayed in, in the last 10 years.  it should not be allowed to call itself a `hotel`.  you imagine it to be a reasonable hotel, when you arrive outside in Kensington, but no!!  the reception area is very chic and boutiquey, but once you venture past the lift or stairs door, then it suddenly turns into a student digs, only student digs are ACTUALLY cleaner!!  we stay for one night in december for the Olympia Horse of the Year show, and the walls in the corridors were actual chip board covered in old yellow wall paper, that were hanging off.  the room itself was cold, damp smelling and not pleasant at all.  there was no double glased windows, so you can only imagine how cold it was in december, and there was no soap or shampoo, but…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Located right opposite Earl's Court convention centre. Hotel is of a very poor standard.,"I stayed there because I was attending a conference at Earl's Court just opposite. I would not recommend this hotel unless it is because of the convenience of being located right opposite the conference centre. Rooms are average, service is lousy and breakfast is very poor.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,I can't believe this place is even open,"This is a horrible hotel, the rooms were something like out of a hostell, the staff were poorly trained and spoke very little to no English. Having asked for a vegetarian breakfast I was told they had run out of eggs and all I could have was beans...a plate of beans!!",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Awful place to stay. Room with bed bugs beware!,"I stay there with my boyfriend for our first night. Omg it turns out into. A huge disaster. We couldn't spend the whole week end overthere. The check in was quick although the staff wasn't friendly.continental bfast is horrible will advise you to look for elsewhere. The final was the room dirty,covered with mould in the bathroom and  with bed bugs. How all body was covered with red spot after the 1st night and when we reported to the reception nothing was done even apologies!!! We then have to leave the hotel. Will never ever stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Pleasantly surprised.,"After reading previous reviews I was dreading what to expect. My friend and I booked here for the close proximity to Chelsea F.C. as we were going to an evening kick-off game. We were allocated room 124 and found no faults,the room and the beds were clean, with fresh towels also provided. The front of house staff were most helpful and the breakfast was fine. For a quick visit to this area, maybe 1 night or 2, this place would do ok. I agree that the hotel was a bit dated but we were not expecting 5 star. There is no bar facilities here in the hotel but the Lily bar next door is welcoming and friendly.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,No refund given,Hotel was not as advertised on there website & was refused a refund Manager was quite rude to me.  If your looking literally for a bed for the night & breakfast in the morning its pass able.  Ok i spose for back packers students or foreigners.,Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,One nights stay,"Our room was not too bad, small but how big do you want a bedroom,it could do with updating, very close to Earls Court don't need a taxi,Breakfast was  average nothing bad to say. For the price very resonable you don't expect the Ritz. Would stay again for one night to go to Earls Court. I was expecting the pits after reading the reviews, have made the mistake of stopping at worse than this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Marginally better than sleeping rough,"Spent little under 24hrs in the Lily as part of a larger group.  Location wise for Stamford Bridge ideal, but so would have been pitching a tent in Brompton Cemetery.  Front desk staff helpful at day, but not so helpful at night. Rooms small, dirty and the toilet seat had been worn of its enamel. Luggage security fairly relaxed shall we say.  Was rudely awoken at 4:20am when a small bald gentleman was given the key to my room and started to get into one of the spare beds.  Shock of that event only to be superseded by the arrival of a Vietnamese rickshaw driver banging the door an hour later demanding £50.  Very disturbed nights sleep. Cracking and friendly cafe over the road however for a fry up.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Wow ! Call the Health Department on this place!!,"I had booked this at the last minute for our trip to London. It was cheap and although I was aware that it was a 2 star hotel....I did not expect this hotel to be the worst place ever. I was embarrassed I booked this place as I had guests from another country with me.  Reception area was clean and tidy but that's where it ends. If you arrive before check in time you are told to put your bags in a small room in the basement (and not given directions on where this is, how to get there). Was told to use the stairs and 'go to the basement' and handed a key. We found out later, you could actually use the lift which would have been easier when carrying 3 pieces of luggage. The room in which we were to leave our luggage was far from secure. It held everyone else luggage as well. Given…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,dull rooms and breakfast,"I wasent atall to impressed with this hotel as I thought the rooms looked really to basic with no character, to plain and bland and so was the breakfast which im sure they buy the food from the great deals section from tesco, they should be using propper produce.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Dangerous, Dirty, Disgrace!","Before you even think about the hotel itself bear in mind the building is situated right next to a police station...... the sirens from the police cars through the night make for a very noisy neighbourhood! My husband and I stayed for one night, to attend a show at Olympia and enjoy an evening away, without the kids.... I wish we'd stayed at home! It was difficult to enter the bedroom due to the built-in wardrobe door frame jutting out across the room door. Most of the light bulbs were either hanging dangerously loose from their housing or didn't work at all. There were pubic hairs in the bath. The towel rail was wobbly and loose and there was no where in the bathroom to put toothbrushes and paste, let alone soap or toilettries.I could go on but it would take pages to list all…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stay away from here,Oh dear! What an awful experience. I chose this hotel for it's locality relating to transport links. I should have done more research. We walked into a tidy reception area and all seemed OK until we headed towards our room. The corridor had drinks cans and fast food packaging littered around and with trepidation we entered our room. All surfaces had a layer of dust and the floor had only been cleaned around the furniture. It was supposed to be a double but with the double bed there was barely room to move. Absolutely a 'doss house'. The owners should be ashamed to call it an hotel.,Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst Hotel I've ever refused to stay in!,"There's a lesson here. Don't just book hotels on the internet blindly, use a resource like Tripadvisor! I booked my family into the Lily for an overnight stay. When we were showed our room, we immediately noticed there appeared to be some small black dots on the sheets which were moving. We the noticed there were some crisps under the bed. At this point we spoke to Reception who said the only alternative was an upstairs room which slept 6!We were shown the room which probably formed part of the staff accommodation and was appointed in an appropriately poor fashion.   By this stage, we'd all had enough, were very tired, and left the Lily. At this time of night, our options were limited and we ended up staying at Heston Services on the M4 which at least had clean rooms and a…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hovel.,"What can I say about this hotel that casts it in a positive light? Not a lot. The rooms were basic and reeked of disinfectant. The shower didn't work. The sheets were clean but the bedspread was decidedly not - I had to sleep under a sheet in a badly heated room in winter. The corridors however were sauna like, a shame that the heat didn't permeate through to the room. The staff were cold and unhelpful, not to mention badly organized, I missed an important meeting due to a clerical error. The phones didn't work so if you don't have an alarm clock, good luck because there will be mo wake up call. My keystopped working basically every time I left the room so I had to run up and down 4 floors of stairs if I had forgotten something. It's only saving quality was that it kept the rain…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolutely Disgusting. Left 15 minutes after we checked in.,"This was my first time in London and myself and a friend had booked a twin room for one night in Hotel Lily. The reception looked nice, but then we got to our room.  - There was a pair of dirty socks left on the window ledge - The window did not close properly - Broken light - Dirt and dust all over the floor - Dirty marks on the bed sheets - Disgusting smell in the room and bathroom.   I went down to reception and asked someone to come up and see the state of the room. I had already made my mind up that I did NOT want to stay there, however I was immediately told that ""they don't do refunds"" a gentleman from reception then came up to see the state of the room and he agreed that it was unacceptable, however he was not very apologetic. We were then shown another room which was…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,ADEQUATE,Position for visiting London with parking good. Rooms run down but adequate- asked for quiet rooms and was placed directly overlooking the road on ground floor! Changed to top floor- and on the back of the building so better. All rooms very small- glad we had a twin!  Breakfast staff were not particularly friendly and all served up with no 'alternatives' for vegetarians except cereals- basic ones at that. Was able to leave car in car park to return for the morning into London so a positive.  Beware of the heat from spotlights over the bed- caused a bad burn to our little girls arm!,Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,very poor room,"This has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in the room was made up of broken furniture, and for £99 pound thought this was a lot for the very tiny space that me and my daughter shared. I was embarrassed to take her. beds where clean. but windows didn't shut. tv was old and only had 4 fuzzy channels. bathroom was very small door hit your knees if you sat on the loo. You could see where they tried to tidy the decor up, but its bad, was ok for a quick one night stop as the breakfast was average too.When layed in bed there was graffiti on the light fitting over the bed !!!   Biggest problem I had was I called ahead to make sure I could leave my over night bag at the hotel after checking out so we could sight see then collect later before our train trip home, hotel said yes so…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Budget, location & secure carpark.....","The title covers the positives. Now for the negatives. Poorly maintained, breakfast served on a plate the size of a tea cup saucer, cramped rooms, shower pressure.............I could go on. Funny thing is I would stay there again due to the location as it's close to Stamford bridge and earls court is facing the hotel. Would only stay there with friends when we need somewhere to 'crash'. Not a hotel to take the missus too.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in,"We wanted to book a hotel close to Olympia as we were exhibiting for two days and the location seemed ideal.  That is the only benefit that the hotel had.  I have never stayed in such a run down, tired and shoddy hotel. We did not expect the Ritz but did expect the basics, like a room that would fit two people in it as it was advertised as a double, clean towels, a hand towel maybe? and room to a least walk around the bed.  The whole hotel, with the exeption of the reception area, had a dirty feel to eat and after eating ""breakfast"" there once we declined the next day. All of the other reviews are correct.  Whatever you do pay that little bit extra (£10) and stay somewhere else. I have stayed in many hotels both here and abroad and if I had a prblem with a room, once it was…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Do not even attempt to stay here!,"I have stayed in numerous hotels even some very dodgy B&B's but none of them were this bad. I paid £90 per night for bed and full english, for this amount of money i expect something along the lines of maybe premier inn/ ibis standard, how wrong could I be. To start with I checked in and was given a room that already had some one in it. Then my second room I could only just get through the door with may case the room was so small. The curtains fell down everytime I tried to open or close them, I requested extra towels as there were no bath mats, these turned up 2 hours later and were taken away the next day, which meant I did actually slip getting out of the shower, there were no hand rails and the tiled floor was definatly not non slip. And when a full english breakfast only…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Should have had better accommodations for the price,"We had 8 days in London staying at the Hotel Lily.  The renovations have definitely stopped at the lobby.  The rest of the hotel is one step above a hostel.  Double rooms are only big enough for a single and only one electrical outlet worked.  The tiny TV had rabbit ears and reception was terrible.  Though the surfaces appeared clean we found someone else's underpants in a drawer.  Yes, the bathroom was en suite, but so tiny you almost had to go out of the room to close the door.  The breakfasts are exactly the same every day the only options are whether to have cereal and how you want your eggs cooked.  No yoghurt, no fruit.  While I see that the responses from management have basically been ""...what more can you expect from a budget hotel?"", I have had better value for money…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Tired old Hotel Lily...,I recently booked an overnight stay at Hotel Lily as it's very close to (opposite..!) Earls Court where I was attending an exhibition - as I suspect many exhibitors have over the years. I paid £150 for the privilege online....!! Friendly staff but very tatty communal areas. My bathroom en-suite was tiny and the washbasin was far too small and had a tap spout that meant I couldn't use it to even wash my face easily... Bath panel was old and peeling and curling at the corners. Toilet roll holder had come off wall and laying on top of WC when I checked in... Loose tiles near bath - old style TV with poor signal ...blah blah blah. I'm no snob but for £150 I expect something a bit better than tired old Lily... The old gal needs a lot of money spent on her to bring up to scratch. Note…,Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Vile - would rather sleep rough than go back to this hovel,"Disgusting, dirty room, dirty sheets, a hairdryer that ejected sparks. When brought to the attention of the 'manager' i was told if i made a fuss they would call the police and say i threatened them ! Charming - Also the fire doors in the building have big gaps in them, really going to hold back a fire !!!  DO NOT STAY AT THE HORRIBLE PLACE - Wish i'd read the reviews on here",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,we will not be back,"in need of a big overhall poor standard of repair,bathroom cracked bath panel dirty tiles on floor and wall, most units in bedroom damaged or broken, carpets stained and dirty,not very good TV ,",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Definitely only a Budget Hotel!,"We stayed here for 2 nights in July 2011, as we had booked to see a show. Although we knew this was a budget hotel, we were not very happy, and would not choose to stay here again. We arrived on a Wednesday after taking the short (2 minute) walk from West Brompton station. The staff who welcomed us were reasonable, not rude but not overly pleasant. Our room was situated next to the lift and was very small (smaller than it appeared on the picture). Supplied were 2 towels and 2 bars of soap, however there was no plug in the sink. There is no safe in the room - this is behind reception. Our first night left us with very little sleep - the lift's external door, corridor fire doors and room doors were all very heavy, which led to them being banged shut all night. The walls/windows…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The worst hotel I ever stayed in 30years I travel to London,"Price 95£ per night Small roomdirty Noise No aircon dirty blanket They will charge you extra 5£ for anything you request international plug, laggage storage, internet connection. Simply horrible!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not impressed,"We had an overnight stay on July 2nd. On entering the hotel there was a pleasant enough reception, however the experience rapidly went downhill. We had booked a double room- this was only acceptable as a single room. The bed took up all the floor space.There was a tv with a makeshift indoor ariel. It was not possible to get a clear picture no matter what you tried. The bathroom stank ! The side of the bath had a big hole in it and above the shower was black mould. The bathroom door had holes in it where it once fitted somewhere else.  The cleanliness of the room was a disgrace- clearly  the corners of the room were never touched. The 'continental' breakfast was awful. It consisted of watery orange juice and luke warm toast- the cheapest and thinest bread possible. The corridors…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not as bad as they say.,"We were stopping at the Hotel Lily as part of a superbreak,and were a bit apprehensive when we arrived. Yes the room was small,but no smaller then other places we have stopped. There was no plug in the sink,but the water went out so slow you did not need one. BUT every thing was clean,the bedding and the towels. The only thing we found that we did not like,there was no bath mat for when you got out of the shower,which we thought was a bit dangerous One tip take a hand towel as there are none provided.. Also breakfast was OK. We would stop there again if we went on another break it is fine for the money you pay.                                 Four Ladies from Leeds",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Basic but Value for money,"This hotel has had some bad reviews and not all justified in my opinion. The hotel staff were all really pleasant courteous and helpful. The room was basic but  clean with lots of hot water and tea and coffee facilities. We were at the front of the hotel so there was a lot of traffic noise.  Breakfast was fine and the staff at breakfast were excellent, very efficient. The rates we paid were very cheap for a London hotel, it was a great location for Wimbledon and I would say value for money.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,No More Hotel Lily for me,"Small room, bad smell, a lot of things in the room where broken or dirty.  (bedsheets and pillowcase where gross)   Restaurant needs an upgate and the staff is not quite enthusiastic",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Once they have your money, they ain't bothered","Have stayed here before and put up with the odd problem, because it's cheap. But this time there were several problems which I raised whilst there, but they ignored, so I raised again when I got home. Problems include; noisy ventilator in bathroom that didn't turn off so kept me awake, only 1 of 3 lights worked (1 had been taped up!), rubbish left in drawers included a receipt which was dated 2 weeks before my stay, a staple on the base of the bed which cut me. Plus parking costs gone up by 25%, but still advertised at the old rate. The hotel's response? You got the room cheap so under no circumstances will we offer any refunds.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't stay here,"Hotel feels very 'tired'. Bedding, towels etc all very worn but clean. No hair dryer provided. Bathroom very dusty behind the toilet and in the corners. No working extractor fan. TV -  very poor reception. Only 2 cups provided in a room for 4 people and very limited tea/cofee. Only 2 individual milk portions provided and these were not replenished in our 2 night stay. Only half a toilet roll provided - when I requested an adiitional roll from reception , it was provided. No toiletries provided,only guest size soaps. Lift extremely small and didn't work on our final day. No safety closer on bedroom window - a potential safety hazard for small children. Breakfast - Full English was adequate, but not of good quality and no choice. No refills on coffee or juice. Continental…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worst hotel ever.,"Do not be fooled by the look of the reception. Upon arriving I was given a room that was full of food debris from the previous guests. After complaining I was given a second room, I found the previous guests underwear next to the bed.  The room was cold, when I asked for the heating to be turned on I was told that this was not possible as it was now summer. I was given a second blanket for my bed which was filthy.  I did not stay for breakfast as the place was so dirty I did not want to eat anything there.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,the worse hotel I've have stayed in,"if you only want somewhere to lay your head no frills this is the place. We were booked for continental breakfast and got two slices of toast and jam ( no yougart, no cheese, no ham, no boiled egg and no crossants=continental breakfast) staff were polite and the room was clean how ever it was so small the doors to the room and the bathroom could not fully open. no plugs to either bath or sink there was a kettle and tea/coffee. location was good district line anywhere in to the city.  we were booked for two nights and decided to cut our losses and not to stay the second night. 1) the lift out of order on arrival 2) the bar was not open when we returned to have a drink after long day out and about. 3) breakfast was a joke 4)bed mattress was most uncomfortable ever. 5) noisy…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,FREDDIE STARR ATE MY HAMSTER,"I booked Hotel Lily on the train down from Liverpool; it was one of very few hotels available within my modest budget during the Wimbledon tennis championship. I paid £100 for a one night stay, and the only positive thing I can say about the Hotel is it's location. It is ideal for a overnight stay if you're either a football fan in the smoke to watch your team at Chelsea or Fulham, or if you're off to an exhibition/concert/fayre at Earls Court. Hotel Lily is literally 100 yards from Earls Court.  The room we were lumbered with was very small, there was hardly any room to stand up between the bed and the dressing table; the room was absolutely boiling and there was all manner of building work being undertaken outside. Even taking into account this building work being complete I…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Cheap, cheerful and excellent location. Dont expect the Ritz for travelodge prices!","I was at a 3 day seminar in May 2011, the seminar was at the Hotel Ibis - which is just down the road. Good points: When we arrived we were served quickly and professionally. Our room was presentable. The window was broken but we spoke to reception and they had it fixed immediately. The breakfast was good, and the staff who served the food and made up the rooms were very friendly. Because we were out of the hotel from 9am to 10pm it didn't really matter that the rooms were a bit small.  Bad points: The rooms were a bit small, so you wouldn't want to stay here for a relaxing 'stay in the hotel' break. The orange coulour scheme in the halls and the 70diner style restaurant   was funny, and what difference to your stay does it really make? The doors can make a funny noise when you…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Allegedly being refurbished, little evidence to suggest this.","We arrived quite late on a Friday night into a pleasant foyer and were directed to our room.  On the fourth floor (lift stops on the third!) a family room containing four single beds.  None of which looked particularly clean, or were particularly comfortable.  The only time I have ever seen a double glazed window fail to fit it's frame! Noise from the street prevented a good nights sleep, further damaged by the fire alarm going off at 6.15a.m.  Breakfast in the basement was adequate, after which we went out.  The staff encountered were far better than the hotel, being polite and helpful on every occasion. Similarly poor nights sleep on the Saturday due to noise.   This hotel was included as part of aSuperbreak deal.  It is more like a hostel.  For the foreign visitors (a…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Your taking your life in your hands staying at HOTEL LILY!!!,"On arriving at this Hotel, the reception was nice enough. We were given the keys to our room, when we entered the room the smell of GAS hit us straight away, so we went back to reception, and were given another room, when we entered here there were 2 MEN in the bed, i was getting really upset as even the hallways were dirty with panels hanging off the walls!!!! We were given a third room, we just threw our bags in and went out. On returning we decided to have a drink in the bar, it was'nt open and had'nt been for 3 DAYS!!! On entering the 3rd room they gave us, the lights would'nt work the window was broken and the tap in the bathroom was hanging off. Finally we'd had enough! At 11.30 that night, we asked for our money back, which took an hour because they were'nt giving it,…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Better than I was expecting,"To say that I was apprehensive was a bit of an understatement, I had read the reviews and was filled with all manner of dread.  This hotel was one that was sort of chosen for us, it was part of a theatre package through Superbreaks and from what my friend said was the lesser of two evils.   Anyway, we arrived at around 12 noon and as expected were told that the rooms weren't ready but we could leave our bags in the ""temporary bag room"" which was one of the flats with the three or four single beds in it, we took all our valuables with us on the assumption that if anyone really felt the need to steal my knickers they could if they wanted.  We were greeted by the oriental lady who has been described on here as rude, but we found her very pleasant.  We had a quick drink at the Lily…",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,1970's Hotel,"First impressions are good from reception.......then it goes down hill.....we stayed in a triple room...all 3 single beds were about an inch apart......wallpaper peeling off walls curtains hanging off.....tv was a 14in CRT with the aerial on top of the TV, so if you moved in the room picture went fuzzy...... Bathroom......water drizzled out of mixer tap, both hot and cold......breakfast.......in the dungeon of a basement which is decored in late 70 's style....very basic served to the table......we stayed there for the football as a group of lads....acceptable for this....would i take the Mrs.....No.......saw then decorating...or should i say smelt the emulsion....not sure it's what i call mordenising.....",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Awful,"The lobby is very clean, well presented and welcoming... but thats all that's good that I can say about this hotel. The room was small, cramped and uncomfortable. We had no hot water! Breakfast was included in the cost of our room, but would recommend you find a cafe. I'm glad we were only there for one night and were only in the hotel to sleep.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Awful,"Having recently stayed at Hotel Lily it was such a disappointment the rooms were dirty ,there was blood on the sheets of one of the beds in one of our rooms.In the other room there was a hole in the bath so the shower could not be used.The glasses had stains on them when we asked for clean ones we were told they did,nt have anymore and were gien polyestyrene cups.The wallpaper was torn and dirty .I know its only a 2* hotel but it should be clean.When we went down to breakfast there was a terrible sewage like smell so we walked out and got breakfast at the cafe over the road",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Believe the reviews!,"Stayed here for 1 night with friends last week.  The lobby looks deceptively nice and as soon as you set foot into the tiny elevator its all downhill from there.  The rooms were tiny, TV in the room was broken, there was graffiti in the shower, and the staff weren't friendly.  About the only plus would be the location.  Short walk from the West Brompton station which makes public transit easy and quick to anywhere you need to go.  There is a nice variety of places to eat and drink within walking distance as well.  We stayed in another budget hotel the next night and the experience was heads and tales better if for no other reason than the welcome and helpfulness from the staff.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Very enjoyable week end, we got what we asked for","upon arriving we were greeted very positively in an extremely friendly and courteous manner. Check in was quick which was what was wanted after travelling all day and just wanting to get settled in the room. The room itself was adequate with good standard of hygeine and privacy, with clean towels, soap and bedding.  A nice and warm room that was quiet and secure.  The food was adequate and we specified certain things to eat at breakfast that was not a problem and was catered for excellently. We would definatly specifically enquire about this hotel when ever we are back in London due primarily to the ease at which we were able to go about our activities, the privacy and respect of the staff and the ability to get what we asked for when we wanted it. Therefore we would recommend…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Extremely Disappointing!,"We stayed at Hotel Lily for 3 nights in early March 2011.   The worst part was the constant wind coming in from the window. The draft kept the room bone-chilling cold during our entire stay, despite the radiator being on full power. We felt cold all the time. We asked about this in the reception and were told they would send someone to have a look at it. This didn't help at all. When we came back to the hotel in the afternoon the problem had been “fixed”. Not really. By the way, jamming a business card in the window is NOT fixing the problem when there is air coming in from the entire window frame.  We then finally got the option of changing rooms. But when we saw the alternative, we decided to stay with the lesser of two evils. The other room smelled like tobacco, wind was also…",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Breakfast will be served in the basement,"I stayed at Hotel Lily as part of a theatre trip with 2 friends and one thing I learnt is that you really do get what you pay for! As we approached the hotel we were somewhat surprised by its exterior but remembering not to judge a book by it's cover and all that, we walked in. We were met by the pleasant hotel manager who directed us towards the the lift which had a questionable carpeted interior and we went to our room.  As I mentioned there were two of us, we were given no less than FIVE horrid single beds in one room and if it wasn't for all of these, we would have had some room to actually move in!  The mixer tap shower dribbled out water and there was no hot running water from the bathroom sink.  Breakfast in the morning consisted of 3 pieces of cardboard toast, coffee and…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great value for money,"The room was nice and warm on arrival the central heating could be adjusted easily. The decor is far from perfect it looks like it had been built and painted by amatures the opposite to reception which is lovely. The rooms lack space but are adequate for what you pay. The lights above the mirror didnt work and neither did the remote. Despite the negatives I really liked staying there because the room was cosy and most importantly they were very clean. I stayed at Docklands travelodge the previous week, the rooms were nicely decorated but it was cold, not cosy, the towels smelt funny, there were brown hairs in the bathroom and it smelt mouldy I feel sick thinking about it. Hotel Lily definitly wins hands down. The staff at reception were genuinly nice and bend backwards to help.…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Cheap, no frills","The hotel was in great need of repair. The room was clean but in dire need of refurbishment. In a twin room one of the beds also needed replacing as it was very uncomfortable and obviously worn out. Sleep was a challenge as the traffic noise outside was constant all night. Breakfast was very basic but edible.  In its favour, the staff of the hotel were friendly and quite helpful and the location a few minutes walk from train stations and buses. However, we would not stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Lily,"We were going to a consert and decided to check in and freshen up before hand . We could see a lot of refubishment going on and Reception was in a small office the lady greeting us was polite and friendly . On seeing our room we were happy  . After the consert we were hopeing for a drink before bed but the bar was closed although a little dissapointed we went straight to our room ,  The sheets were thin and the room was cold but i have to ethasise it was very clean and adiquate for what we needed also being a very good price .  We were both very cold on awaking in the morning and also the construction noise below was loud but bareable although the generator was a little noisy throughout the night. I was hopeing for a shower but the hot water seemed non existent . Also there was…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,PLEASE READ!!!!! DO NOT BOOK HERE!!!!!!!,"as a suprise for my little sisters 21st birthday, me and my mom booked a 1 night theatre break in london. staying at the hotel lily. well where do i start.... the room were dirty, our window was broken and didnt stay shut causing a draft and nose from the main road, the reception was very unwelcoming, the receptionist didnt understand us so she pointed at things, our room was the size of our 3 single beds pushed together - no room to walk around each bed, our fire alarm was covered with a plastic bag god knows what would of happened if there had of been a fire!!!!! the radiator knob was on the dirty window sill completly broken! the sheets didnt smell fresh at all with plenty of fag holes in them, we had continential breakfast which consisted of 5 halves of white bread slightly…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,No way unless you are desperate,"We only stayed here overnight before after arriving from Australia, we all went to have showers and there is practically no water pressure. It like dribbles out of the shower onto your skin, cant wash your haor, or shower properly, It was really noisy in the street outside, lots of druggo people walking around at night outside, would only stay here if u absolutly have to. If you can find something else for the same kind of price book that instead.... I wouldnt stay here again. Sorry.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!,"Awful Awful Awful!!!  This hotel is the stuff nightmares are made out of!!   I stayed recently for 3 nights as I was attending a last minute event at Earl’s Court and everything else close by was either sold out far in advance or was over £200 a night. That should have been my warning sign!!  On check-in at 10pm at night, we were asked to pay for parking for 3 nights in advance (£36), which I did and was then told to move my car as I parked where vans park. I said there was no sign saying vans only, but I was told it was there. It must be invisible!! Anyway at 10pm with no light on in the car park (there is one, the reception just didn’t bother to put it on) I moved my car in the awkward and cramped car park.  I then got the room key and that is when I had a freak out! You can…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If you can afford it don't stay here.,"Dirty room, pubic hair in bath excrement in toilet on arrival. Towels not changed even when wet and rolled into a ball by the door, put back on the beds for further use!!!  A terrible smell in the corridor and room. Hole in celling, ripped wall paper, smelly bed covers.   The breakfast was good and the sheets were clean but for £133 a night I expect much much better.  If you can afford a better hotel go for it.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Extremely rude and unhelpful staff, rooms in very poor condition very noisy location.","I have never stayed in a hotel where the customer service has been so poor. On arrival I was given a double room instead on a twin, I was spoken to as if I was causing a problem when I tried to rectify it. The staff complained that I asked to change the room at the wrong time of day and stated the room I had been staying in would have to be prepared again. The price for parking is extortionate at £12 a night in a car park secured by a pole barrier. Every time I wanted admission to the car park I was  questioned and had to convict staff I was staying at the hotel until the final night where I was refused entry and staff stated I would not be let in until I paid for parking. When I refused to pay again I was told I would be refused admission to the whole hotel.  The rooms are…",None,1.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great Value for Money,I was attending a course in Earls Court and needed a room for 6 nights that was quiet.The hotel staff were very friendly and supplied me with a double room at the back.The breakfast is excellent. If you are looking for a basic room for a basic price then I can highly recommend it.,Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Small but Cute and Clean,I am looking into booking another trip to London and happened to stumble across the reviews for this hotel and I am completely shocked.   I stayed at this hotel as part of a student tour group for 2 nights and found it to be a small but cute and charming hotel. The rooms were very small but clean. Blankets and sheets were very clean and I saw no evidence at all of mice or bugs. Elevators worked fine but were very small and only held a couple people (with their suitcases) at a time. My room overlooked the parking lot. We slept with the window open for some fresh air  and I did not find it too noisy or too warm/cold at all (this was in April).  The only problem I had with the room at the time of my stay was that there was no shower curtain on the tub and so a lot of water got on…,Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Worse Hotel I've Ever had the misfortune to stay in!,"Stayed her for two nights ..only because we couldn't find anywhere else for the second night!  Filthy place. When we arrived in our triple room, the  we were told it had just been cleaned. I'm not  houseproud by any stretch of the imagination but was horrified to see thick carpet fluff under a bed when my daughter accidentally moved it. There was also chocolate wrappers, a Biro and a hairband lurking there! The draws had ticket stubs, sweet wrappers and other rubbish there too. Most of the drawers didn't have handles or knobs and one was dangerous as a metal spike was sticking out of it.  The mirror was coated by a greasy type film that was smudged and couldn't be wiped off with a wet wipe.  Breakfast was continental, which was fine but you had to wait for a table and most are…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great value,I had a mix up with my on-line booking which the manager dealt with great understanding and flexibility. The hotel was basic but very clean and comfortable with a good full breakfast - overall extremely good value.,Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,I guess you get what you pay for.....,We went for two nights over Easter weekend. The room was a family room (ie four beds) which was what we asked for. The decor was absolutely basic. Shabby. Not filthy but then I am not that fussy. (We were disgusted by the quantity of rubbish and  god knows what unspeakable stuff that several previous guests had chucked out of the windows onto the parapet outside but I guess we needn't have looked that closely.) The windows were old and none of the catches worked but it was not cold so not a problem. As we had asked for a fourth floor room we were not disturbed by noise. The kettle did not work and had to be replaced while we were there which was  not a problem. We did not feel inclined to partake of breakfast. Staff were friendly enough. The walk from the tube was not far. At…,Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,WHAT A DUMP!,"Only stay here if absolutley every other hotel in london is booked! This hotel is awful. The 'secure' car park had a flimsy pole cutting it off from the road. They had a cheek to actually charge £12 to park! We stayed here as we were seeing a show so thank god only stayed for 1 night. The rooms are tiny and smell of poo! The beds were uncomfortable and the pillows were flat and horrible. The windows aren't secure either and the street noise was unbearable. Our room looked over the car park entrance and a street that was blaring out music really loud all night. We had to go to reception and complain and two police riot vans turned up. Not really what you want when you're on a break away. Breakfast consisted of cold toast, horrid juice and tea that looked like dishwater.…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Under no circumstances stay here!,"Awful!! Checked in early, asked to wait 20mins until room was cleaned, did not pay on arrival as we were pushed aside so they could deal with a larger group.  Room had not been cleaned properly (wet towel, dirty mugs, spot light not working, hair all over floor, room smelled of sick!!) so went to complain, told to speak with general manager next day who did not seem concerned at all, told us it would be sorted! Arrived back later that day only to find they had locked our room as we hadn't paid for first night stay (even though they told us to go away and pay later)...eventually got to speak with GM (Mary O'Donoghue) on the phone to inform her we were not paying full price who then asked us ""who the hell do you think you are"", after much arguing over the phone she offered us a…",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,great hotel for price/location,"We stayed at the Lily for 3 nights, visiting an exhibition and visiting London. Clean rooms, fresh towels everyday, friendly and cooperative staff. Good breakfast and fast service. We would certainly use this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Location location location,"I stayed here recently for work, yes the rooms are a little small but it's clean, fab location and amazing staff.  I would recomend this hotel to a friend and I will stay there again.  Don't be put off.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,tiny!,"hotel room was minute for a double, but bedding was clean. breakfast was good, if  you just need a base then this is ideal",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,NICE HOTEL,"After reading reviews about this hotel before our break, I was very concerned as our stay was not exactly cheap.    Despite the mainly negative reviews, I personally found the hotel absolutely fine.  The room was spotless and clean, also the bedlinen was crisp and clean.  The room was small and some of the fixtures and fittings were a bit ropey but it is a 2 Star Hotel.  All the staff were helpful and friendly.  We had a good hot breakfast which set us up for the day.  We had an enjoyable stay so do not be put off by some of the comments.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,What I liked about the Lilly Hotel,"What I liked:  Ø      Price  Ø      Polite and helpful staff  Ø      Adequate room facilities, complimentary beverage and cleanliness   Ø      Full English breakfast  Ø      Close to transportation to all districts",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Health Hazard,"It was the worst possible way to end my primary school days. The beds were infested with bed bugs and the springs came through the beds and now my freind has a mark on her foot as a result. I opened my window becouse we were very hot but when we went to sleep we couldn't shut them again and so were freezing and didn'sleep a wink. When my school went to the managers with the complaints they just said ""Oh!"" and didn't care a bit. The food didn't look cooked, especially the meat. The two poor staff who were serving two years from my school, plus assorted guests, were run off their feet. My teacher had to voulenteer to help them. There was drinking water on the table but the glasses were dirty and  in the water itself there were floating bits. We didn't have a clue what they were.…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not for the faint hearted!,"DO NOT STAY HERE! Dear God what a dump, filthy, tiny room, no hot water. Masking tape holding down the carpet on the edge of the stairs and abandoned, half empty paint pots littering the corridors. Worse still, handles had fallen off the windows so could not get warm and almost fell asleep to the sound of the traffic on the main road below the window. It's a good job that I am used to camping as the room was so cold that I wished I'd brought my sleeping bag. Did not stay the second night, would heartily recommend the Premier Inn in Kensington!",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,THE ROOM WAS LIKE A CRIME SCENE,"Undoubtedly this is THE worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to set foot in.  Having arrived to be greeted by a sour faced receptionist who told us there was no bar or facilities and we'd have to go to a pub if we wanted food/drink.   I walked into the tiny bedroom and my heart sank;  The carpet was grubby, the wallpaper was shabby, the bathroom had thick black mould around the base of the bath and ungrouted mismatched tiling in a botched repair job to a tiny bathroom.  As if all this wasnt enough to send me scurrying for the door, when I pulled back the bed cover it looked like the cover had been repeatedly slashed by a knife, there were what appeared to be body fluids (looked like dried blood) on the inside cover and what appeared to be cigarette burns.  I picked up my…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,This is the worst place i have ever stayed,"The hotel is old and dated needs refurbishing to bring it up to a star rating, the rooms are comfortable,the decor is old and tired, the bathroom was dirty, hairs round the tap and in the bath, if i needed to shower the hot water took around 3 minutes to come through, the cooked breakfast was so quick after i ordered it, it tasted and looked like it had been sitting around in the kitchen for ages (only just warm). I have stayed in some really nice hotels for the same cost, this one is by far the worst, during my stay i visited a hotel just down the road Novotel, the rooms are a little more expensive but it would be my preferred choice in the future to pay a little extra and have a more enjoyable experience",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,does what it says on the tin,"acceptable for 1 or 2 nights, good location as I wanted to catch chelsea pompey game tiny room with windows that didn't shut properly, unhoovered carpet, dodgy TV reception -it is 2009. Advertised with bar and restaurant, not there however very filling breakfast would I stay again? probably as their is pleaty to do in the area and the price is fair, but it seiously needs some TLC",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible,"Some American tourists were checking in when I arrived and I was embarrassed to be British. Web pic of Reception is accurate and that's where accuracy ends.There is absolutely NO excuse for this in a £55 a night 3 star central London hotel.The hotel obviously relies on the fact that most guests are there for only 1 or 2 nights, it is reasonably priced and they can't move out. A captive market. I would NOT have stayed a second night. Lift has a filthy carpet and exposed cables. My room and bathroom tiny (not a problem in itself) but NOTHING like the room shown on the web. 'Recently refurbished'? Not my room. Filthy carpet, exposed brickwork (no, not 'chic' exposed brickwork just bricks that hadn't been replaced by builders!), bedside light was an overhead strip light with a…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Absolutely awful. Not a 3*,"Stayed with a friend last weekend as close to Olympia. Had very low expectations as the hotel only cost us £55, so very cheap. However, you still expect to sleep safetly and securely.   Reception staff were polite but even paying the £12 parking was an issue as they don't have change! My friend was firstly given a parking space big enough for a mini or motorbike, this was replaced by giving her a space with shattered glass all over the floor. We were given a room on the first floor.   Double doors leading to the rooms were smashed, not a good first impression! Room was small but functionable. However, when closing the windows one handle fell off in my hand and the other swung round on itself. Maintenance staff did fix this but only after 2 requests. The mirror in the bathroom…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A Scary Experience....,"This hotel was booked for me by my work for a business trip and I can't wait to get into work tommorrow and write my letter of complaint.... The minute I saw the hotel I knew it wasn't going to be an enjoyable stay, it looks dated and tired from the outside, though that's nothing compared to the inside! This hotel has certainly not been re-furbished, well maybein the 1970s but not recently and I have absolutely NO idea how it achieved a 3 star rating. Everything that the other reviews have written about the decor and cleanliness is 100% true and the reviews which praise this hotel actually anger me as I couldn't wait to leave and was so thankful I was only here 1 night. The whole hotel smells of stale cigarette smoke and damp. The lifts had grafitti on the inside of the door,…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Very basic,"As the title suggests, this hotel is very basic. The rooms are very small and the bedspread in my room was filthy. I found the people in reception pleasant enough and the location was nice enough. There are a few bars and restaurants in the immediate area and the hotel is only a 3 or 4 minute walk from West Brompton tube station. If you just want somewhere cheap to sleep and don't plan on spending much time there, you could consider staying here but do not expect much. Also we seemed to be under the impression that this establishment had a bar....but it does not.",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DATED AND DISAPOINTING,"Receptionist's were moody and very un-helpful one was more interested in chatting on the phone to her friend rather than checking us in! We had a double room and it has to be the smallest hotel room i've have ever stayed in, the room was like a sauna through the night with the window open! I am pleased to say it was only for one night, on the website it said the hotel had been refurb but i saw no signs of this anywhere it was very dated and shabby!",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,stay away from the rubbish,"nothing much to say just rubbish everything was horrible.stay on the street better then this, blood stain on bed cover, window broken so u can't sleep do the security job 4 this hotel as night porter is sleeping,breakfast was joke,",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,It was like Faulty Towers without the comedy,"Lets put it this way, seeing the outside of Hotel Lily (or should i say ""HOT  L   IL"" as can be seen on the side of the building) really helped prepare me for the inside...  Allow me to paint you a beautiful picture; low ceilings; dark, windowless corridoors; old, smelly carpet used on the walls of the lift and rude, unhelpful staff. This was all very well, like i said i didn't expect much for the price, what i did not realise however was that included in this 'reasonable' price was dirty bedlinen, dusty surfaces and the inability to lock either the windows or the bathroom door. Breakfast is served in a basement, it was, i believe, the standard of Thai Prison food.   The creme de la creme of my short yet far from sweet stay in hotel lily however had to be the used condom, that…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,disgusting,"i am a support worker and myself and a fellow worker were supporting a lady on a weekend break, on arrival at the hotel lily we  were informed the lady we were supporting would need to get out of her wheel chair to use the lift, as the chair would only fit in the lift folded. we were then shown to our room. we had to step over dirty and blood stained sheets in the passage way and were shown three rooms before we given a room that suited our needs. the ceiling of the room was damaged and had what appeared to be mould on it and my fellow worker had to ask for the cover on her bed to be changed as it was stained.. we went to a show that evening and retired to our room late. i was woken at 1.am coverered in red bugs as were my fellow worker and lady we were supporting. we went down…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The hotel inspector would die if she saw these rooms!!,The hotel was ideally situated only several minutes walk from the underground station. And that's where things go down hill!!  Our room was like something from an American movie where someone stays who wishes to remain anonymous just after they have commited the murder...or perhaps the murder was commited in our room.  The windows wouldn't close....great because the room was like a sauna; not so great as the room overlooked a busy road which was busy all night...and noisy all night.  On pulling back the cover on the bed an unidentifiable stain lurked on the sheet along with someone's black hair (at least it wasn't curly)  There were clean towels and soap and there were tea making materials. There was a t.v. but the remote was elusive...I didn't dare look under the bed...the last…,Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,It was awful!,"Dear Friends,  My husband and I came to London in 4th Agu and stayed at Lily Hotel for 8 night which we reserve it from internet. The first night at the arrival we saw a very tiny things on our sheet, but we didn’t care about it. Because we didn’t see this things before. The day after that we saw blood points in our sheet and thought the servent didn’t change the sheets. So we wrote a letter to her informing to change the sheets. The days comes and gone and every morning we had the same experience. The last day we wake up hatching our hole bodies and saw lots of blood steps on the matros. Our skin was red and full of red spots. More over, we saw lots of dead and live bugs on our skin and on the matros. We went to pharmacy and ask what they are. They were Bed Bugs! We went to…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,steer clear,"whether you are paying little or a lot for your accommodation, you should still expect a minimum level of service and health & safety.....at this hotel you have little of either. here is a list of things that happened....please make up your own mind...... 1. got into the shower to discover the cold water was trickling out therefore i had to have a very hot shower. 2. they DO NOT provide bath mat/towel for the floor and when i got out the shower i slipped and banged my head on the bath. 3. mirror grubby & glass coating missing. 4. wardrobe door hinge broken.....resting at an angle. 5. we had to move rooms because of the water, then was told ""can you please bring back the key asap because we need the room for someone else"" !!! ......knowing the water wasnt working !!!!!!!  6. We…",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Loving the Lily,"A bit apprehensive as I booked before reading some unflattering reviews about the place, but found it excellent value for money at £54 a night.  The room might have been small - if you were swinging a cat you would so so by the scruff of the neck rather than tip of the tail - but perfectly adequate for an overnight. Not exactly the highest quality of finish either, but I couldn't fault the cleanliness. No Internet (but I had my own dongle), TV was a bit 'outer limits' and air conditioning would have been nice but, hey, if you want nice you have to dig deeper.  The staff on reception were unfailingly polite and helpful and the substantial breakfast set me up for the day. If I'm back, I'll be back.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Avoid this one!,"I booked this hotel as a 'treat' for my daughter and her partner. It was part of a theatre package with 'superbreaks' comprising of hotel stay and a show (Les Miserables). I have now discovered that they could not bring themselves to stay at the hotel because it was so dirty and a request for someone to clean the room only resulted in them being shown to another, even dirtier room! Staff were rude and unhelpful and my daughter decided that going home late after the show was the best option. My daughter has recently travelled the world with other students. She is used to staying in very basic accomodation such as student hostels, but she felt that this was just unacceptable. I am disgusted with this hotel and with the 'superbreaks' company for offering rooms here as part of a…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Oh My God!!!,"Our trip was booked as part of my son's 21st birthday theatre treat to see Dirty Dancing and we where allocated this hotel?  Prior to going we checked the reviews on here and after reading them, we where apprehensive about a stay at the ""Lily Towers"". On our approach to the hotel, it gave the appearance of a hostel and looked dated. We checked in and given our room  on the 4th floor, the receptionist then told us that the lift only goes to the 3rd floor. That didn't matter as both lifts where stuck on the 2nd floor anyway so we walked up. The room. It had 4 single beds that left no room to move about, a small wardrobe with no door handle, holes in the wall,  one light fitting which was a flourescent strip, wallpaper missing on one wall, curtains ripped, dust behind radiators was…",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Great cheap hotel!,"Ignore what others say, if your looking for a cheap hotel then lily is the place!  I found the staff lovley, full english breakfast, clean bedrooms and my room was at the side of the hotel and it was very quiet.  Perfect location, people who moan about this hotel must be looking for first star treatment but seem to forget how price friendly the rooms are.  Id go back again",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,badly in need of a facelift,"We found this hotel through the internet and as it was resonably priced decided to go for it. Lily Hotel or Li - ho-el as was written on the side of the building was very poor standard throughout. The walls were flaking off paint, the rather odd lifts could fit only 3 people at a push, and there was an odd musky smell trailing out of our room. Dont go expecting Travelodge standards, this place had holes in the bedding and moss growing in the bathroom. On the plus side i would say the bedrooms were clean enough, and the staff friendly. I think i will be sticking to recommendations from friends rather than going by price!",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,I SHOULD HAVE READ THE OTHER REVIEWS BEFORE I BOOKED IT!!!!,"I just arrived back from   a weekend of hell! Never in my wildest dreams did I think that hotels like this still existed.  Booked the room for a weeked away with my sister.  Booked in and told where the room was.....When we got into it , there was no room.....The window was cracked from top to bottom, the *net* curtain, was full of holes, and curling up at the bottom........ There was a chair placed in front of the vanity mirror, but you could not use it as the bed was there........Television did not work, socket for the kettle moving on the wall, little *droppings* on ledge over beds where the lights were, one bed light held together by black tape, chunks of plaster out of the walls, black mould up the bathroom wall in more than one place, chest of drawers broken...........…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,If you can't find anything decent then Lily will have to do,"Booked a double room,got two single beds.No water frm the shower for all 3 nights,explanation being ""thats normal when the hotel is full"".Grubby rooms,t.v and radio didn't work,breakfast poor and staff completely uninterested in helping in any way.",Date of stay: May 2009,2.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,You get what you pay for.,"This hotel is in a very good location and has a small car park (£12 per day), it is ideal for visiting Earls court and Kensington is well within walking distance if you are visiting the museums. Unfortunately our room was pretty grubby and not well maintained although the bedding and towels were clean enough.  There was a queue for breakfast in the morning in the windowless basement restaurant and the staff seemed very harrased as people were argueing about queue jumping. When we finally got breakfast there was not really much of a food choice, it was a basic fry up but was passable, we decided to give it a miss the next morning.  The reception staff seemed helpful enough but we didn't have any problems. As we were leaving people were insisting their rooms had been paid in…",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"VILE, WOULD NOT LET MY DOG SLEEP IN THIS HOTEL","I was absolutely disgusted with this hotel!!  I booked a double room for me and my partner but on arrival we were given a twin room, and they would not honour the discount that we received when booking on-line!  OK so it was only £70 which is probably cheap for London but still I at least expect a clean room!!  There was cigarette burns on the bed covers, what looked like rat droppings on the shelves, mould growing up the walls in the bathroom, what looked like someone had run out of toilet paper up the door in the bathroom.  We arrived at 11am to be told the rooms were still being cleaned and would not be ready until gone 2pm, when we arrived back after 2pm and went up to the room I can assure you they had not been cleaned, at most the window was opened to let some air in! Me…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Im ok with Basic...But OH DEAR!!!,"This was my first trip to London and was looking forward to it! As we were going with my college group we were to look for the cheapest option for the class so we wouldnt have too much to pay out! Well...We had a 12hour journey from scotland on a coach, when we arrived outside the hotel It looked like any other normal basic hotel! On entering our Rooms they had an awful musky smell to them. We had to share a room as a triple there was no room for a cat let alone be able to swing it about!! The three beds were pushed together. On sitting my case on my bed, after making room for it I lifted it off the bed to find my sheets were very damp...We went to reception to see if we could move! We were then moved to another room of the same size and same musky smell but this time all three…",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Oh dear,Sorry to give this hotel a thumbs down. The twin room was very run down and carpet badly stained. I think it was supposed to be fitted but there were gaps in various paces round the room with the old carpet clearly visible. There was one rubbish bin in the room minus the lid - it was a broken pedal bin. The lighting over the beds was again second rate with only a string to pull for the on/off control. The breakfast was well cooked which ups the review rating somewhat and the dining room appeared clean. The staff were friendly and courteous. Had I had any children with me I would not have stayed one night. I was asked for the bill to be paid in full before I went to the room  - and in hindsight I should have been more switched on - I will be with any future hotel bookings.,Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Horrible, run down dirty hotel",Booked two rooms as the hotel is near Earls Court - both were run down and dirty; we stay in ordinary hotels (not 5-star holiday resorts) all over the world as part of our work in the exhibition industry so are used to basic rooms but we rarely come across anything as poor as this.  We chose to sleep in our clothes rather than have contact with the bed covers which had grime lines around the top folds - both rooms were that bad.   My carpet was covered in what appeared to be dog hair.,Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Stay Away,"The worst experience ever - and we traveled all over the world. This hotel is a disgrace. London hotels are not the best in the world (and people who travel frequently there know what I am talking about), but this one must be shut down. We booked online one double room with English breakfast. First morning we received continental breakfast and when I mentioned it must be a mistake - I was sent to the reception to clarify things. So I left the breakfast room, went upstairs and talked to an English lady (some sort of manager). I had to insist for her to check my reservation - and she said that it includes continental breakfast, and if I want English breakfast I must pay extra. To settle the dispute, I had to go back to my horrible room and bring the printed reservation in order to…",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,it was ok,"Like others on here, when I saw the reviews I was not looking forward to staying.  However, the hotel is ok, cheap and fine for 1 night or 2.   The hotel is a little tired, but it is cheap.  The breakfast was ok, not the best in the world, but cooked and set me up for the day ahead.  The water in the shower was lovely, hot and powerful.  The room was clean - ish.  The sheets were clean, but as others have noted on here, this was not true for the top cover sheet.  Overall this is a cheap hotel and you get what you pay for.  it is very close to the tube and Earls Court and Fulham High St are only a few minutes walk away.  I found the staff helpful and pleasant.  As I put in the title, this hotel is ok.  It is not posh or luxurious, but does a job when you need somewhere cheap to…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Great value for money, dnt read other reviews the talk crap!!!!",when i read all the reviews i realy did not want to stay here i was actually goin to book another hotel but wen i got ther i was pleasently supprised all the bad reviews talk crap!!!! you are hardly goin to get a 5 star hotel wen you pay for a 2 star. all the people that rote these reviews must b stuck up!!! so please dnt be like me and read all the bad reviews and dread going.   Me and my boyfried went ova to watch a chelsea match i picked this hotel because it was very handy for for the tubes and match and it was soo cheap and you even got your breakfast for the money you payed. From the outsided it does look abit shabby but its nice inside. i read the staff were very rude and unhelpfull that was crap 2 the receptionest couldnt of help me any more than she did and was very…,Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,DO NOT STAY HERE,"I booked the lily as it was down the road from my friends flat using their web site.  I arrived about an hour later and told the receptionist that I had an internet booking. She said that she was too busy to check for a booking even though i was the only one there and that i had to print off my reservation, then she basically started trying to ignore me only stopping what she was doing to tell me there was an internet cafe down the road. I asked her if they sent an automated e-mail when i made a booking, her reply was that they only sent an e-mail after they check the booking which she was too busy to do and that if i wanted a room it would be 75 quid a night (even though i had already paid via internet). A 20 minute circular argument ensued (20 minutes during which time she…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,There's only one word,"The word is: DISGUSTING.    Do not stay there unless your closest alternative is a cardboard box on the curb.  Went to check out at 0630 and there was NOBODY anywhere to be found to do the checkout.  After waiting, ended up leaving without checking out as had to get to work.  Not only was it gross and dirty and dishevelled but even the ceiling tiles were stained, gross and hanging too low to the point when you open the elevator (yep, you got to open the elevator door yourself) the door scrapes the ceiling tiles and it is a normal height door!  YUK.",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,This hotel is true disaster!!,"It's first time when I write review for a hotel.  I've booked Hotel Lily (London) when I was waiting my train from Edinburgh to London. I was told that it's 3 star hotel, 75 GBP per night for a twin room.  It was the most terrible moment in my travel in Great Britain when I seen my room. I thought I visited a prison but not hotel:  - Strong odor of something old in the air - too bad for my asthma! - Flashing/flickering lamp in the room. And only terrible white daylight lamps. - Small and very very poor room.  Furniture of a room are terrible. - Not working heating system and NO blankets in the beds!!!  Sadly that I was not able to read responses on this hotel before my booking.  I've booked two nights and it was impossible to cancel our second night. So I plan to ask my bank…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,BE WARNED! THIS IS LIKE A HALF WAY HOUSE,"We were only looking for somewhere basic but clean and presentable to stay.  Hotel Lily was by far the biggest disappointment of any hotel I have stayed at. Were supposed to stay for 4 nights but stayed only 1. Only good thing the bed linen was clean.  Our room was shabby, stained and dirty.  There was dust on everything.  Dirty net curtains with holes in.   Toilet had a broken seat and mirror was tatty & chipped.   Ceilings were stained where there had been leaks.  Utterly depressing place to stay seemed more like some sort of half way hostel.  This place has certainly NOT HAD  a recent refurbishment !!!   We moved to Holiday Inn Express 250 yards away which was a dream place and only cost us £10 more a night, worth every penny.",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,better than i thought,web site misled me to think that the hotel had been refurb!!!! after reading all the posts on here i thought it would be bad! to my relieve it was not that bad bit run down my room was clean. bedsheets very clean staff bit grumpy  food very basic but you get what u pay for!      5out 10,Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel with nil points. Rooms like saunas!,"Hotel Lily, Lillie Road, West Brompton, London.  I've never written a review of hotels in the UK, but i'm having to shatter my record. It's a must, just so that you don't make the same mistake.  I booked Hotel Lily online through a 'hotels website' which said it was 3* and had rooms available for the given dates. Although conveniently situated near Earls Court and Olympia it's a write-off. It's rubbish. Read on.  Starting from the 'underground' car park. It stank of urine and if you look carefully there's condoms strewn all over. It's £12/night to park here. It's cheaper to park off road and walk 5 mins to the hotel.  Reception: Basic. I was greeted with the wrong name and they didnt have change for £6! For which I was given an 'I owe you'.  The lift, more like a shaft,  appears…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,its ok you get what you pay for,"I wanted somewhere to rest my weary head before travelling on the next day. I didnt want to pay a fortune either. This hotel was fine for that. The room was ok, though the traffic outside was noisy, but hey its a big city. The sheets were clean and the bed  was comfortable. For the price I paid breakfast was thrown in which was good. Yes there s peeling paint in places , and the place is ripe for redevelopment....but folks you ll be paying a lot more then!  its also very convenient for the underground.     I dont recommend it for perfectionists or honeymooners but for those wanting accommodation at a good price then its a good bet.",Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Disgusting,"Bare dirty pipes across the room, urine stains and cigarette burns on the sheets.  Need I say any more?  DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,A decent budget hotel....,"After reading some of the reviews on here we were very apprehensive as to what to expect when we arrived at the Hotel Lily.  First impressions were ok....the hotel looks abit old and tired from the outside but we were almost expecting it to be half demolished due to some of the reviews on here!!  Check in was quick and efficient and staff were pleasant enough, although none were english!  The rooms were small but clean and had everything we needed. They are very basic which you would expect from a budget hotel, but the kettle worked and coffee and tea were provided. The bed sheets were clean and crisp, starched white. No stains or anything else as suggested by some reviews on here. Pillows were wafer thin though and you ended up with an origami swan by the end of the night!!! We…",Date of stay: June 2008,3.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Ashamed,"As an Englishman I was ashamed to stay here - did all the foreign tourists staying at the same time think this is typical of English hotel keeping and hospitality? I hope not! Stayed just 1 night at what I thought was a reasonable tariff but even that was not value for money. What you're buying is a night's sleep (at least) but the bed was so poor that even this was impossible. The mattress springs were so prominent that I injured myself during the night (and I was by myself!). No mattress protector, manual TV with indoor aerial (impossible to watch), poor maintenance to decor, one towel pp, no plug to basin..............Breakfast was very limited in choice, i.e. no choice. No cereals, fruit etc. Staff were too busy to demonstrate any hospitality skills.  I have been in the…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible,"I went with a group of people and i shared a two person room and it was big anough, but some people had a four room and it was exactly the same size as mine, but with another two beds in it. Also about three doors down from me there were two mice running around in their bathroom, (not nice) Food was ok except for pink roast chicken. The lift was two small. My conclusion is stay in a different hotel!",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Health Hazard hotel for my students,"The hotel was so unclean that my students travelling with me got sick from the amount of dust in the room.  My room had a pipe running through it that was black with dirt and dush that had not been cleaned I'm sure since the hotel had been opened.  I demanded that the company I booked with (EF TOURS -school groups don't let your students stay here!) move us to another hotel but they couldn't do it that night. I was scared to sleep in the sheets, would they be clean? The room that they moved me to (a renoed room) had parts of the wall missing and the fixtures were put on the wall crooked and with only one of the two screws needed. It was cold in London that week and there was no heat in the rooms. The blankets in the closet were throw in there and we didn't even want to touch…",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not as bad as some have said - honestly,"Stayed at The Lily looking after a group for 6 nights. It really wasn't the nightmare experience I expected from some of the reviews although it certainly wasn't the Ritz (by the way, why is it always the Ritz not The Dorchester or The Savoy?!).  Rooms are very small but mine was clean and the bathroom spotless with plenty of hot water although the boiler broke down one night which meant no hot water the following morning. It would be harder for couples though as there really isn't room to move around. Lifts are tiny (room for two and maybe one bag) and don't always work.  Breakfast was bacon, egg, sausage and beans which was well cooked and fine for a couple of mornings but soon palled. Some fruit or even cereal would have been nice. Staff were polite if unforthcoming. …",Date of stay: March 2008,2.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Do not stay in this hotel - it's disgusting!,"We chose the hotel from information given on the internet - so it was our own fault.  We went by the photos and price was a factor.  We prepaid for 3 nights and if the budget had've allowed we wouldn't have stayed even 1.It is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in - if it has supposedly been refurbished, it must've only been 1 room for the photos, and it certainly wasn't ours.  The room was extremely small, with no other seating other than the bed, there was no place to put the two suitcases, except up against one wall next to the bed, the bed sheets had cigarette burns in them, the bathroom had obviously been botched together with sheets of wood over the years and repainted over and over, the room had a musky old smell - it was disgusting. The hallways were dark and dingy and…",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Just no.,"Where to start...  1.We arrived at the hotel late at night only to be rudely spoken to by the receptionist.   2.Lift was very small and only went to the 3rd floor so had to walk to the top floor.  3. On arrival to our room there were 5 beds crammed into what should be a two bed room.  4. There were stains all over the sheets and matress.  5. On further inspection we found old towels stuffed under the matress.  6. The shower only produced either boiling hot water or freezing cold.  7. There was mould all over the walls.  8. The heating was on full blast constantly, allthough at night there was no heating at all.  9. Our only window was jammed open.  10. There was a bucket collecting dripping water in bathroom.  11. In the room there was no place for the phone so it had to be…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,AHHHHHHH!!!!,"Yeah, this hotel does'nt even deserve a 1.0. It was awful. I stayed there for three nights. So the first thing you will notics when you walk in is that the elevator can barely fit more than three people let alone luggage. Then, the elevator only goes to the third floor. I took the stair every time, and if your on floor four, you go up six floors worth of stairs. OK, so now your on the correct floor, wait where is my room, well some rooms don't even have numbers on their so you have to assume. OK, found my room, now how do I get in. Picture this, you open the door in, usually only opens about halfway, then you squeeze yourself into the hallway, step into the bathroom to the right, step back out and now your in your room. Not quite, you now have to roll over the bed which blocks…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,terrible place,"Hi i don;t no what to say because i think place is a joke, book my room by lastminut.com they charge me£75+5 for lastminut, they promiss me the hotel is good and i will get very good room,i like the location as next morning i have to go heathrow so book the room and what i got , on my arrival found that place is under construction, wellcome by handy man as lady from reception has other things to do then dealing with customer, got the room on 3rd flour but lift don;t go to 3rd as there is button  missing so took the suit case and walk to the 3rd flour, wall paper on stair smell so badly, dust all over the place, stair looks to me never been clean,my key did not work so i have to come down and ask for new key and been told i don;t no how to use the key so handy man come with me…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Better options available,"Stayed at Hotel Lily for 1 night, overnighting to catch a flight the next day.  It is a budget hotel, so you should not expect anything great.  However, the place was pretty run down, carpet all stained and torn up, and pretty shabby looking.  Nevertheless, it was relatively clean. The biggest problem I had was the room space.  I don't expect to have large quarters in these budget hotels, but this was excessively cramped.  It was near impossible to fit 2 persons in the room with luggage. The cost was not as cheap as would be expected with budget hotels either.  In my opinion, there should be other options available, more ideally located for one, and possibly at the same price.",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"lily hotel , give it a miss","both my son and i had a terrible experience  at  hotel lily . upon arrival , we were delayed 2 hrs. after booking in time . the room itself smelled of sweaty socks and overall it was filthy . despite 3 seperate complaints , the problem was not resolved. i was refused a refund and left very angry with whole experience , i booked through octopus travel  who accepted their excuses that nothing was wrong . please let me assure you , it is a horrible place to stay  , it stinks in the hallway and in the room we used [ 201 ]. i would not use octopus again either . they are satisfied that a goodwill payment of 15 pounds against the 72 pound room charge is satisfactory , i have subsequently read other reviews  about this hotel and realised that i made a big mistake. DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Decent for its purpose,"We stayed in the Hotel Lily as part of a school trip. Although it was not fantastic, it was convenient. After we got home, we discovered it is actually not that cheap and in a decent area. There were issues with the rooms and it was not luxury by any means. Still, we needed a place to sleep and we saved money on a hotel, leaving us more for sightseeing. The breakfast was great, the location is excellent, and there is a really nice pub across the street. If you don't mind Motel 6 or its ilk, you will like the Hotel Lily. ",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,sleepless in lily,"stayed from 1st to the 5th june2007. We had a twin room that was on the first floor overlooking the main road. The window overlooked the service road to Earls Court and as deliveries are made late into the night the noise was unbearable. Pedestrians and drunks talking loudly contributed to even more noise. If we closed the window the room would be too hot. It was supposed to be a renovated room, that meant a clean new bathroom however the shower is so small that you have to enter it sideways.  The TV set had tuning buttons that only could go one way  and no remote. The plus side was english breakfast was good. the manager was helpful and generous with her advice. We found it a easy to acess buses and trains. Even getting to Heathrow was a two train stop effort. I would not stay…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,drab but do-able,"From reading previous reviews I entered with trepidation, expecting the worst. Negatives:  * yes it dingy and cramped * workmanship leaves a lot to be desired -  pull the shower curtain gingerly or the plastic rail will fall on you...ditto for the not-screwed-onto-the-wall towel rack * reception tried to be helpful but inept - records of bookings kept on a sheet beside the desk, hence the reason someone probably forgot to write in my name and booking      * tv reception fuzzy due tv cable wires frayed at the back of tv - a lot  of fiddling can get you good reception  Positives: * was expecting room to be splashed in blood and other suspicious stains from previous reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. All bedlinen and bathroom clean and fresh crisp towels each day. * Good…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Faulty Towers,"We stumbled upon this hotel not by choice, the hotel we were due to stay at had double booked us and we were told we had to move, we didnt anticpate a problem as usually this means you end up somewhere at least as nice maybe nicer, well................this def wasnt the case here, havin walked from the other hotel with all of our stuff grr we arrived on a busy main rd to find our hotel looked like a hostel or prison block, it looked tired and old, a handy man was outside doin his best to make the flaking blue paint look new again but without removing the old stuff wasnt really succeding, the receptionist was difficult to understand and fairly unhlpful, after reaching our floor we found the wall panel was away from the rest of the wall the wall paper off in someplaces and holes…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Not bad,"This hotel was a bit better than I expected, clean and with a fairly good breakfast included.  I'd recommend it if you want to stay near Earls Court.  It's not luxury but it's not advertised as such. ",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Comical and entertaining,"The Hotel Lilly... well where to begin... My friend booked this hotel against my better judgement even after we had read the previous reviews on this site. She herself was convinced that because the last couple of reviews were good, then the hotel must have gotten better recently... hummmm...  The service even on arrival was horrendous but actually really funny and quite entertaining. The reception attendant was quite rude, seemed completely delirious and confused.   The room was ok... but when I say ok I say that in a very loose manner. The room was smallish and the fixtures and fittings all looked like they had been purchased through some kind of BOGOF scheme. The bed was really uncomfortable and it looked like it had come out of someone's skip. The bed linen was a bit random …",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,The worst hotel I've ever been,"I do not have much to say. I was not the one who booked at this hotel and I had to stay there. It was the dirtiest hotel I've ever been in my life. Almost disgusting. The was some hair in the sink and we asked at the reception to have it cleaned: they answered there was no staff at the moment to help; but they never cleaned, not even later. We did not have any lamp close to the bed and we had to walk in the dark at night to find the switch. Avoid this hotel unless you're just interested in spending as less as possibile. ",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Don't Stay Here,"Booked through Lastminute at Kings Cross - 65 pounds per night for a double plus five pounds to the booking service. When we arrived, the smell in the lobby made me nauseated (We live in New Orleans and it was reminiscent of the smell in our house after the water had subsided, but obviously, not as pervasive.)  We had already paid in advance for the night but the woman at the desk demanded payment for the other two nights (or should I say ordered us to pay her in advance).  My husband asked to see the room first.  The hallway was cluttered with linens and the funky smell from the lobby was even stronger in the hallway.  The room was tiny and filthy.  The bed sagged in the middle.  There was a hair in one of the towels.  The bathroom was small and dingy   The bathroom was in…",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,please aviod staying here..,"We booked through Rates to Go website.   Key points:  Dirty, noisy, our booking had been double booked.  we got given 2 singles instead of our booked double room.  would not change this for us, when we asked for the room we booked we were told "" be grateful youv'e got a room at all""  management offered no discount, told us to look elsewhere and yelled this at us. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Left stranded,"I didn't actually stay here despite having a booking and paying the fee to Expedia up front as I got to the hotel to find that my booking had been cancelled by the hotel.  No effort had been made to contact me and I was left stranded in London with nowhere to stay.  The message I got from the management was ""not our problem"".  I wouldn't recommend the experience to anyone. ",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Desperation only,"Booked through LastMinuteClub at Gatwick airport - 70 pounds per night for a double or twin.  When we arrived, the lobby looked ok, but don't use the elevators if you have claustrophobia, they only hold three people.  We rented a double room which turned out to be a single room with a double bed wedged into it.  I know it's a single because the wall was indented for a single bed (see photo). As a result, we could only pass each other in one space beside the window (see photo). Our door card did not work and I had to go back to reception to have it re-initialized. The workmanship in the bathroom was very  poor.  The paint was pealing, the floor was buckled but the shower worked well. When I tried the TV, the picture was fuzzy until I located the aerial behind the TV, no cable. …",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,horrid,"Arrived in London and booked this hotel through last minute dot com,my advise is dont.From the outside the hotel looks like a hostel,the inside is even worse,the carpets and curtains smell as do the corridors.The bathrooms were a joke I couldn,t have a shower the whole weekend ,badly fitted bath and shower,great big gaps in all the fixtures made sure that water leaked all over the uneven floor. We paid for a full english breakfast,but saw the state of the dining room and ate out. For the price we paid we really were expecting a nicer hotel than this,we have stayed in London lots of times(usually in premier inns),which are fantastic good value and very clean,everything this hotel isnt. I cannot believe that the company that sends travellers to this hotel have ever set foot in…",None,1.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Do Not Stay Here.,"Over the course of 3 weeks, I stayed at an assortment of hotels and hostels in England, France, and Italy. The Hotel Lily was the worst place I stayed by far.   As an American, what surprised me most was the lack of air conditioning. Of course, as I traveled Europe, I realized that most places do not have air. Hotel Lily, however, seemed to be the least ventilated of any of the hotels I stayed at. The nights were disgusting and muggy, and the only thing that keeping the windows open did was allow the extremely loud noise (that's what you get for being so close to a ton of pubs) to pervade the room.  The room size was ridiculous. Every single hostel I stayed in was not only cheaper, but the rooms were at least double the size. Like many hotels, the single beds were pushed…",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,"Damn, tear the building down",Stayed for one night 18 - 19 march.  Rooms small.  Beds are small. The heating did not work at all. Knob was broken off. Called the reception and they said they would call back and send someone up. No call and no show. They knew the knob was broken off and there was no way the heat would have turned on.. The water was very dirty...had to wait between 15 - 20 minutes before it was clear. The toilet did not work properly....had to turn the handle like 20 times... Breakfast was a total bust...Not up to standard at all. Overall it is a hotel that needs to be demolished. Advise: do some more reseach for other hotels. This one goes way down the list... ,Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Clean and friendly hotel,"Before traveling to the Lily hotel, my partner and I checked the reviews on this website and were shocked by what some people wrote, as you can imagine we expected the worst!!!  But as we had already paid we thought we'd give it a go anyway!   When we arrived we found our room to be clean, with fresh towels and linen on the bed, although it was rather small we were not dissapointed!  the staff were friendly and helpful, with information about various site seeing trips and directions.  We only managed to make it down to breakfast on our second morning, and found that although the dining room was nice, what was advised as a full continental breakfast was in fact tea or coffee and TOAST! Bit disappointed!   Over all though, we found it to be satisfactory and had a very pleasant…",Date of stay: February 2006,3.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,OK,"Stayed here and although not the Ritz, we didn't pay Ritz price either.  Sheets clean, room clean, staff helpful and obliging.  Don't be put off by the bad reports.  If you are on a budget, then this hotel is okay and handy for travel into inner London. ",Date of stay: December 2005,3.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Cheap and very nasty,"I booked this due to its proximity to Earls Court. Big mistake! I'd rather walk the length of the country to get to Earls Court than ever stay here again.  It was an absolutely horrible hotel, I couldnt recommend it to my worst enemy. Its website said it had been recently refurbished, well, I can only have nightmares about how it must have looked previously. The bedroom in the picture bore no resemblence to mine, and the bar area & breakfast area that the website shows are in the basement and have a strong smell of damp. Don't be fooled by the pictures, read the reviews, this hotel really is that bad.  I slept fully clothed on my first night, with a towel over my pillow, but unfortunately that couldnt hide the unique odour of the room. I moved to the Novotel for the second night…",Date of stay: September 2005,1.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Horrible hotel!,"Just went to check the reviews for Hotel Lily for fun and noticed it seems like nothing has changed. Stayed here a few years ago and have to say it was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in (I'm a very regular traveller so I have tried quite a few hotels by now). I was on a short visit to London with my father so we wanted a cheap and clean hotel, nothing extravagant, just a decent tourist hotel. My dad still refers to this hotel as ""the hotel of horrors"". Problems started already at check-in, check-in staff were not friendly, rather rude and unattentive. Once we came to our double room we noticed the room needed maintenance, the handle on the door was broken and it was actually not possible to lock the door. The bedside lamps were broken and electrical wires were hanging freely…",Date of stay: July 1999,1.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,lily good,"I stayed at this hotel in September 04 and I have to say that I was quite satisfied with the room I had. It was clean, and the bedding was good, as was the bed itself. The facilities in the room all worked well, and the tea and coffee was replaced daily. The bathroom was clean and, although the shower rail was a bit wonky, it didn't spoil anything for me. I enjoyed the breakfast as well, it was plentiful, and although I never asked for any more, I know that other guests did, and the staff were more than willing to oblige. The service at breakfast was quick as well! Most of the staff appeared to be from Eastern Europe and some only spoke limited English, but they were friendly enough and tried to be as helpful as they could. For a cheap hotel, it is certainly good value in my…",Date of stay: September 2004,3.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,not very clean,"I stayed at the hotel lily from the 11 dec 04 to the 12 dec 04 I found the room was very small and there was only 2 towels in the room I went down to reception to ask what the night life was like around that area and where the best place is to go clubbing I had to wait 10 minutes before anyone spoke to me and then I could not understand what they were saying. The breakfast was terrible and I felt very ill after eating it. The decorating in the pics are nothing like what they are showing, the bar area was closed so there was no where for me or my friends to relax and chill out the bedding was not up to scratch I would not recommend HOTEL LILY  in LONDON to anybody even though it is suppose to be cheap all i say is it is  CHEAP AND DIRTY ",None,1.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,great bugdet hotel,I stayed in lily hotel with my husband recently and can not understand what people are complaining about the hotel has been refurbished and the reception looks great staff were very friendly and I found it very convenient for earls court great breakfast and free car parking is a big bonus in London  ,None,4.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,horrendous,"Wow, I stayed at this hotel 5 years ago in 1999 and I can see from the few reviews on here that nothing has changed.  I remember that they shoved 3 beds into a room where there was meant to be 2, and the person who was stuck in the middle bed was almost on the floor because it was caving in.    We arrived after an overnight flight from Canada and naturally all took showers to refresh ourselves.  When I called down to front desk to ask for more towels I was rudely told that I couldn't have anymore.  He told me were were ""allowed"" one set of towels for each day.  When I told him that I had used our towels for that day and would need some for the following morning he still refused.  I also recall the food being awful, almost as bad as the service.  We went out to a pub up the road…",None,1.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,unqualified to be a hotel,"We found Lily hotel through travel agent. Lily hotel's photo looks good, but inside was horrible. The toilet was old, broken & spread bad smell all the time. For the same price, actually could have a much better hotel in London. My friends & I were regreted to stay in that hotel for 7 nights, (no way we paid in advance). I will highly recommand my fans, never & ever choose this Lily. ",None,1.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243390-Reviews-or730-Hotel_Lily_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hotel Lily London Reviews,Hotel Lily - Our stay from hell,"Well what can I say!!!  This hotel was the worst ever.  The pictues advertised is nothing like the hotel.  Pics show large reception which was tastefully decorated in gold and cream with large leather sofas.  In reality, the reception was blue, approx 10 ft square and dirty.  The rooms were small, the advertised cocktail bar has been shut for months, therefore nowwhere to unwind and have a drink and the dining room smelt of damp.  Within the first hour, I found a mouse trap under my bed full of poison and the receptionist did not want to know when I put my complaint forward.  The numbers were written on most of the doors with pencil - how classy!  For the duration of our 2 night stay, I did not come across anyone who spoke english. All in all a very disappointing stay and I will…",None,1.0
