,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or0-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Thankyou for working,Amazing staff leaving there family’s to take care of homeless and vunrable pepole the most amazing service your the hero’s of 2020 never forget you are number one night staff well that’s another story just amazing caring and leave the family’s to look after us could not ask for nicer pepole very torrent staff don’t know how thay do it under this situation amazing human beings,Date of stay: April 2020,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or0-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Service,"My wife and I had booked to stay at this hotel for the weekend of the 20th and 21st March 2020. We made the booking via Groupon. Initially I had to call the hotel to book the rooms, the phone number provided was an 0871 number and it cost me over £15 for the phone call. Unfortunately because of the onset of Covid-19 we were unable to travel to London therefore I had to contact the hotel to cancel so that I could get my money back. The call centre that handled the call were less than helpful and even argued that I should have called prior to the first night to cancel despite the advice from the government to not travel. The call to cancel cost me a further £20+ therefore I gained nothing from booking through Groupon an had to put up with the rude and unhelpful staff at this establishment. Whatever you do, do not book with these  people.…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or0-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting ,"Really scruffy , disgusting stained carpets & badly stained toilets., if this is your thing then you’ll be in your element  This is the worst hotel I have ever had to endure. I didn’t book it for myself it was booked by a colleague.  I gather it is very cheap so I guess you get what you pay for , but believe me it’s grim ",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or0-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No Parking,"Before I checked I tried to park, but the hotel’s facility was full of contractor vans so absolutely no chance. Unfortunately roads around the area have suspended parking or for residents only.  I decided to check in and seek advise. The smell of body sweat in reception was horrendous and not only was this contributed by contractors, but also male personnel from the hotel. The hotel reception decor dates back to late 80’s so not a great impression. Anyhow having checked in I asked about parking and was told that the only place was at Swiss Cottage with a company called Regency Parking (this a 15min walk back to hotel). This was my only choice to park so I decided to try it. I arrived at 18.30 so the parking charge would £15 until 23.59 then another £15 from then because it’s another day. This was a total rip off so I didn’t even return to the hotel and went somewhere else considering the bad feeling I had of the hotel and the parking inconvenience. I will never book this hotel again. …",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or0-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bargain basement hotel,Stayed here while working in London . Looks ok from the outside but dated on the inside  Staff were ok but could have made more of an effort .  Reasonable parking charges and a half decent pint .  Rooms were again outdated but clean and acceptable . If your after the ritz then Youl have to spend a bit more  Other than that sufficient and a cheap base to explore the capital .,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or5-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Only stayed here for an emergency but really let down from start to finish. This place is a let down and shouldn't be called a hotel. Poor Poor experience, rooms smell of cigerrate and filthy dirty.  Bathroom door didn't shut. Staff really unhelpful and careless. Really would never go back..",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or5-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,If I could give 0 stars I would. Stayed here for one night with my partner. Where do I start? The awful stench of cannabis as soon as you walk in the building. Everywhere is dirty. Our room had no light just 2 lamps so it was very dark. Windows and curtains covered in mould. Shower was inside a cupboard. Rust all in the toilet. We saw mice running around in the bar area. My partner put £20 in the fruit machine and it swallowed his money. The staff refused to give it back to him and said they have nothing to do with the machine. Really awful place.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or5-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Run down, dirty and broken","Appalling place - I would have made a list of the broken/filthy facilities in the room and presented it to the management if i thought for one moment that it would make any difference. If you are feeling lucky, try the breakfast. I was so surprised to find that I wasn't poisoned.  Really cheap room in a good location. Get really drunk before staying there.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or5-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague,"I booked this hotel using Groupon. The deal was for a twin/double so I phoned the hotel to confirm I could have a double on the day I wanted to visit with my partner. I was told that that would be fine and they look forward to having us.  Imagine my suprise as I opened the door to room G12 to find 2 twin beds. I went back to reception to be told it was the best room available and as there was no room it was the best they could do. They said to come back at 10pm to see if they could change anything. I then went back to the room to find my Mrs laughing at the broken toilet seat, the hole in the side of the bath, the broken table lamp, the TV remote with no batteries...i could go on, but I won't. We decided the only way to cope with this awful hotel was to go into Camden and drink…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or5-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here unless you love disgusting GROT! No stars hotel!,"Filth, disgusting, stinks, unfriendly! This is not an exaggeration. On arrival we were met by the police dumping off a prisoner directly outside, the released prisoner then stood in the middle of the road for an hour causing traffic chaos.  Inside the hotel you will be met by all the local homeless people who have been sheltered there (not their fault and sympathy for them and their situation).  The first room in the basement stank of smoke and looked like someone had died in it 30 years ago ( and smelt like it).  Due to the smell we were moved to the next room, just as bad but without the fag smoke smell.  These rooms are disgusting and this hotel needs to be shut down! The decor is old, rotten and disgustingly dirty!!! Carpets are threadbare and filthy. Pubic hair and slime on…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or10-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Impressive from the outside not so impressive on the inside,"We booked for an overnight stay as my husband had a hospital appointment nearby the next day. we booked on line which was easy and l must say that the reception staff were very helpful and pleasant. when we arrived there was a middle aged lady sitting on the steps of the hotel dressed in her dressing gown and slippers having a cigarette. we checked into the hotel was given the key then directed to the room, we had to go through the TV lounge and there were 2 men sitting in the lounge watching TV with their ""traveling bags"" along side of them, l know l shouldn't make judgement but my feelings were that the men were possibly homeless and had been put up in the hotel for the night, the twin room we were allocated was very large but very sparce, there was a very small TV and the…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or10-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Could Not Stay After Check In,"We booked this hotel for some guests to stay in for the Christmas period.  I visited the hotel prior to the guests arriving to pay for their stay and to make an easier transition for their arrival following their 14 hour flight.  When my husband arrived with our guest, the hotel duty manager told my husband that we had not paid.  i sent the evidence, (receipt) via WhatsApp to my husband to show the hotel as proof and the manager said ""whats that it could be anything"", in a very rude way.  He insulted my husband and continued to be rude.  They then said we had two bookings for the hotel, which we did not make.  The booking was made with @booking.com and they have verified only one booking was made.  Our guest eventually got into the rook when the hotel found that we had indeed…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or10-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting customer service FRAUD,"This hotel it’s simply disgusting. I had the nightmare to get in touch with this incredible business and I’m wondering how it’s still operating and how authorities have not shut it down?? Expedia which is the platform I’ve used to book it it’s just same of them, I had a pay later booking which I could cancel anytime before the arrival, which I did obviously. But after few day on my bank account it’s appear the payment for this hotel which they weren’t authorised to use my card details and have been charge me same. Please be aware never share with this people you bank details if you don’t want ending up with someone who steal money from you with no reasons. I’ll leave it at the authorities as I took legal action against them and the Expedia platform, in mean while stay away from…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or10-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID this Nightmare ''hotel'',"Honestly after the disgusting behaviour from who i presume was a manager at front desk its baffling to me how this place hasn't been shut down. We should have read the reviews before booking. Basically we found wha we presume to be women's lingerie with blood all over them under the bed. Then we (2 guys in our 20s) were accused of leaving them there to get a discount. The manager said ' its very strange that you were looking for them, it seems you were looking to find a problem' ...Literally the most ridiculous excuse he gave us, trying to turn it around on the customer. A ridiculous excuse for a hotel. If this is a franchise I dont know how Head Office aren't seeing all these terrible reviews but choose to ignore them, Do yourself a favour and avoid this nightmare realm. Also…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or10-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT USE - AWFUL PLACE - dirty and nothing like website,"No free WiFi, parking not available as they have 10 Spaces that are filled with vans. Dirty / weed smells and heating broken. Wasted £168 as there was no refund - please read reviews and do not use this slum. Cold shower and overall dangerous electrical items.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or15-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed to say the least.,We arrived at the hotel to be asked did we want a smoking or non smoking room. I was not aware smoking ones still existed. The hotel is filthy a nd smells of cigarettes throughout. Our fellow guests are interesting to say the least! There are holes in the walls and squashed mosquitos on them also. I can't wait until tomorrow when we can leave. I feel extremely uncomfortable here. I don't think I have ever experienced such a dive.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or15-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location and staff,Stayed here for years due to the great location and the friendly staff. The hotel is a bit dated but the staff make the place a friendly hotel to visit !   Good value most visits . Merry Christmas 🎄 to the management and team .,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or15-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",coach trip,"Stayed here 2 nights with a coach tour to Tutankhamum exhibition. Only stayed cos it was booked by coach company.Bit seedy, seen better days.Staff uninterested , but polite enough ( apart from comment to colleague re- our driver "" Typical bloody scotsman "" in a not so subtle aside) Food was mediochre, edible at best, a not so hot bufffet. The mince with peppers and kidney beans in it tasted OK, but was never chilli. Choices were OK, 3 mains etc, but pork chops and chicken "" roasted "" to destruction, Room was large, comfortable but some areas and some rooms ( not ours) smelled strongly of stale cigarettes.Poor organisation meant breakfast not laid out or started at 7am on last morning, which was vital to us as we were planned for &;45 on bus to make way back to Glasgow.Hence ""…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or15-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, good price","The hotel is good, the price too. The location is everything. But I did not feel good because of food. Food was terrrible. I used to eat sandwich (hamburger) but it was ridiculously poisoned by something bad. Ups...  I do nor recommend to order any food in this hotel.  Other amenities and features are good, the location is good, its near tube, and Camden town, tehre is a Laundry near the hotel, which is a plus, either than minus, there are caffees and restaurants near, in depth, there is a Pub near.  Therefore, I recommend the hotel, but I dont recommend the food at the hotel.  Cheers and good luck!",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or15-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Abominable ,"Disgusting this hotel my wife and I stayed 3 nights  1st   room we were given stunk of weed ,empty pint pots left outside door 2nd   no apologies just put us in a sauna of a room,asked them to turn heating down,it goes off at 9 o'clock we are told,but low and behold boiling hot at night  3rd   toilet doesn't flush every time, 4 th   if you're not at breakfast early it's cold,staff don,t seem bothered   5th stay away from this hotel at all costs,YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!!!!! Badly in need of being fetched up to dated everything past it's sell by date",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or20-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, avoid at all costs","My husband booked this hotel without checking reviews. Would definitely given it a miss if we read the reviews as they are all true! Arrived before check in, staff were friendly ish and gave us directions to the underground. Did make us pay upfront, even though room was not ready. Arrived back at hotel around 9pm, staff gave us our key. Met by a number of not very reputable guests in the fawyer. Went to our room, the corridors absolutely stank of marijuana. Got to our room and it was boiling, even with the window open, no nobs on the radiator to turn down. Eventually someone came up with a fan that did nothing. We were told the hotel was full. Complained again and they moved us to another room, but this room was already being used, moved us again to a tiny double that was still…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or20-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"Stayed for two nights, booked through booking.com at a cheap rate - though I now certainly see why. Made the mistake of not checking trip advisor prior to booking, and booking just on the sites reviews. By the time I realised and tried to cancel, I was told it was too late. When I arrived to check in I was greeted with “you’re the woman who tried to cancel free of charge” and then laughed in my face. Room was unpleasant and the hallways were disgusting and stunk of urine. Very hot in the bedroom and two dust filled fans to cool you down. Sheets were clean and it was a good location but I would not be staying there again.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or20-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horror Hotel,"Definitely the 3 start is wrong, the hotel is not even one star. When you first arrive you be greeted badly , the elevator stings and was dirty  when arrived to the room I entered stains on the table and even the bathroom floor was with drops stain hope was soap. I went to the reception to ask for a change of room and they took me to an other room which I was thinking this must be much better..... but no was in a  worst state. It was 3:00 am so had to stay for the night but I cancelled the rest of the booking and moved to a different hotel. Just don’t go not hygiene safe. ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or20-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Clean enough for a cheap stopover in London within 30 minutes walk of O2 Forum,"This hotel is a bit like me, in the late 1960s early 1970s life was exciting and great, but now things have slowed a bit and I get tired easily.  Now this place is tired and looks like it hasn't been upgraded for a long, long time. The room was clean enough for me, the facilities basic. Rooms are very hot, although I left the window open all night and it's mid-November. Staff are a bit surly, don't expect a warm welcome, but they were just about OK... Breakfast is all you can eat and is OK, nothing special. I would stay again, but wouldn't take my wife.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or20-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Sauna!,I got a room in the basement. It was so hot they had fans in the room. One sounded like it was going to explode so that got switched off. They did eventually switch off the radiator but it was still way too hot. Clean and very tired. Convenient for the roundhouse.  Not somewhere I will rush back to.,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or25-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",STAFF NEED CUSTOMER SERVICE COURSES,"We arrived at 1.30 to be told that check in was at 2. Didn't even get offered to leave our bags, she then went outside and sat on the steps for a break. We returned later, we have stayed here before and not much had changed. Bath room could do with a deep clean, the rest of the room clean but tatty. At breakfast time the staff don't really acknowledge you even when you say good morning. The dishes under the hot plates were badly chipped (surly this is a health and safety issue). Food not very good quality, tea and coffee awful. Would not return",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or25-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting - Vomitoriums-R-Us,"From the outside, the unwary punter would never guess the filth that lies behind the walls. This place reminded me of the Only Fools & Horses - Jolly Boys Outing episode.  The receptionist, a rather ubiquitous Mrs Cresswell lookalike, quickly took payment, then sneakily, added a sly £15 parking charge that applies the moment you commit. The elevator, a hoist-and-pulley contraption said it was built to carry 8 adults - yes, provided you assumed their cremated remains we being lifted. The lighting, of my Lord, the lighting. I’m not surprised. This was a dingy cesspit with a deathly unkempt appearance.  The carpets were sticky, so mind your shoe soles, they will become filthy. The room reminded me of a scene from Scum. I was waiting for the security guards to storm in any time,…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or25-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Avoid this place at all costs! From water leaks and electrical faults in the same room to shoe leather meat - this place stinks.  Literally!! The smell of ""cat wee/weed"" is over-whelming on the fifth floor and that's after the stench of cigarettes emanating from the bathroom.  The suspected blood and other bodily fluids in the bedroom went well with the mould on the net curtains that covered the disgustingly streaky, dirty windows.  Three out of four plug sockets didn't work and neither did the hairdryer provided.  The mould and cracks in the bathroom blended well with the cigarette burn on the toilet seat. The torturously hard bed will break your back and interrupt your sleep, as it did ours.   All in all, a hell hole of a sh*t pit.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or25-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not one redeeming feature other than the price,"Normally using AirBnB's, a colleague urged me to use a hotel, citing The Brittania Docklands,  I couldn't get a room there, so tried this one. Saying that was a mistake is like saying I wish I'd not cut my foot off; it smelt of smoke, the windows were single glazed, I had to ask for a bath plug and had to wash the bath.  The floors seemed a but sticky and 2 mornings of cold showers were just not appreciated.  Ladies who possibly sell their services by the hour seemed to frequent the public areas, and by the comings and going from neighbouring rooms it would appear they were busy. The unchallenged bad language in the foyer kind of set the tone too.  Just a really fetid experience, one I will not repeat; I've had better stays in hospital.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or25-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"God, book somewhere else. Anywhere else. Do not stay here.   The hotel is filthy, the food is cold and the staff clearly don't care. Thankfully, I didn't see any furry visitors like other guests so small mercies for that I guess.   Came with a large tour group and some guests had random people trying and/or walking into their rooms in the middle of the night. I heard staff members doing late night 'room checks' from my room but thankfully they didn't try my door.  I wish I'd read the reviews before coming here.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or30-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Emergency booking after being told too old to stay in hostel,The most disgusting place I have ever stayed. I only booked this on the day as it is in walking distance to the roundhouse and my booking at hostel 1 was declined when I arrived there due to the fact I'm over 45!! The staff don't even look at you when checking in. The cleanest thing was the lift so that says something. The light fitting wardrobe sink and chair were all broken. The place stank of weed. I notice someone put mould on here. It isn't mould it id extremely strong smoke and weed. My room had its window open all night and the smell made you choke. The sheets were clean basic very very hard bed and thin duvet. No freeview so only 5 channels on tv. Obviously a place not needing repeat custom. I was Just grateful for finding somewhere after being left out in the cold but…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or30-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Non smoking, more like dope smoking...","If Carlsberg did hotels it wouldn’t be this one, the whole of the third floor stinks of a hydroponic grow room. Stay here at your peril. Full of dodgy people doing dodgy things.  Great if you want to book by the hour....",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or30-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we have ever stayed in,"We booked Britannia Hampstead Hotel due to the location, what with it being within good walking distance to The Roundhouse. What a mistake we made. The hotel reception is not very welcoming at all, and there was no warmth to the greeting we received off of the staff. We had to walk through the restaurant to get to our room, when we walked through the doors to the corridor it was the worst damp, mouldy smell you can think of and the patch on the floor could prove this. The room with no window (which we were aware of, our thought process was that we were only staying for one night so it shouldn’t be too bad) had no ventilation whatsoever, it was damp, stale and mouldy. Our shower leaked all over the bathroom floor and our kettle to make tea and coffee in our room was broken. There…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or30-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid at all costs. Disgusting hotel, dirty rooms, intimidated by staff and people on site known by staff.",Absolutely disgusting hotel. Toilet broken in our first room so was moved to an alternative room which was dirty and quite frankly a health hazard. The bathroom was beyond disgusting. Staff were not interested at all. Undesirables smoking illegal substances outside main entrance even leaning against my car whilst doing so. These people were clearly known to staff as they were engaging in conversation with them. Felt intimidated by them and the staff too. I would advise everyone to avoid this awful place.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or30-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Derrick bee,Well how to explain this hotel. It's a dump dont stay here it is absolutely  stinking we were staying for one night wish I didn't.The rooms smelt bad. And were just minging booked for breakfast as well  didn't stop for that as value my health  when you told staff how bad the place is they just look at you if your stupid,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or35-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers,"OMG where do I start!!!!! Reception toilets were disgusting. Staff very rude. Got to our room😰 absolutely minging. Hair on the bed, dirty carpet, Curtins hanging in by a thread. The toilet was disgusting... pubic hair in the sink!!!! Again staff rude when I complained. Booked with booking.com and complained to them to with no joy. Word of warning to anybody STAY CLEAR of this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or35-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!!!!,"Do your self a favour and don’t book, We booked online also paid. Then when we arrived was told we had not paid. Was told we had to pay again, once I showed we had paid he said it was his mistake but we still had to pay for parking? Room was basic and BASIC is what you got, dirty bathroom and no air conditioning apart from a Fan (thank goodness it wasnt a hot day!!) Toilets walking upstairs, you could smell them from anywhere :( When leaving he wouldnt let us leave as he said he had not got paid. Seriously what should have been a lovely Birthday Weekend away was let down by this ridiculous hotel. Which actually also has homeless living in it (I Have no problem with that) but were expected to pay DOUBLE then pay AGAIN for a terrible dirty room.... only thing going for it, is the…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or35-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel with severe health and safety issues ,The decor of this place is exceptionally old and the whole ambience is quite grimy. We stayed in a room which was relatively clean (although there were balls of hair under the sheets). A major gripe was the lack of heating- we had to be given an electric heater as there was no heating in the room. The heaters were poor (we had to complain and get new ones on 3 different occasions) with one heater actually giving me an electric shock (as in it caused me to collapse on the floor). Very poor all around- I’m sure there are hostels that are less expensive and better quality!   Will never return here!!,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or35-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,"I booked this hotel through booking.com for 160 pound for one night for a double room. After entering the grubby reception I was told there was no double rooms and I had to have a twin room. Entering the room, the floor was covered in a thick layer of dust, the lamp was broken, there were biscuit crumbs on the floor and the bathroom was unusable. The staff, including the manager were some of the rudest people I’ve encountered. Easily the worst hotel I’ve stayed at.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or35-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for budget hotel,"Ok for budget hotel, clean sheets, TV worked, Tea and coffee, clean - towels provided, staff friendly - ok curry house round the corner - I'm not sure why this review needs at least 200 characters but this should do it...",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or40-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",70's  dreadful,"First impressions were not good, overgrown shrubs, tatty paintwork. Into reception, not a welcoming space, the carpet in the bar needs a really good clean or replacing. Check in fine, tatty notices stating that WiFi in room was free for 20 minutes only.  Used the one lift of the two that was working. The overall feeling of the public areas is grubby, jaded. Into the room, grubby,jaded. Very quickly noticed the levels of road noise in the room. 1970's aluminium single glazing is not noted for it's noise insulation. When I looked a little more closely it was evident that the sliding window did not close fully. Closed fully at the top but big gap at the bottom. Decor and furnishings 70's bland. The good news was the beds were clean and comfortable. Ingrained dirt throughout, smells…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or40-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It was an experience,"I booked this hotel for location as we were going to the Roundhouse and this perfect - the bedding was clean and the staff were friendly that is the positives done.  As I booked a 3* hotel in London for £85 for the night, I did not expect the Ritz but I did expect a room that was not falling to bits, the very oddly placed glass table was so wobbly as was the lamp between the beds.  The plug in the sink did not work, which was not good as there was no way I was going to have a shower there.  The bed was the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in, not only rock solid but with a ridge of springs right in the middle of the mattress.  I have no idea if breakfast was included but after seeing the state of the downstairs decor and also experiencing a barman who didn't know what gin or…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or40-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever Stayed,After meeting the surly receptionist headed dowm smelly dank corridor to windowless basement room(95 pounds)-after five minutes decided would have to leave thought might catch something.I have stayed in hundreds of hotels over the years and this wins worst of all time award!,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or40-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Worse Hotel ever. Dirty, smells, bedding dirty, towels dirty. Staff Rude, do not stay here. There is no other way to write a review apart from just DO NOT STAY here, pay a little bit extra and stay in a proper hotel. It cant be long until this place shuts down or environmental health get involved. ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or40-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Collected key to our room only to find the room occupied already! The corridor had a strong smell of marijuana too. Returned to reception to be given another room. The room only had one available socket point, the bathroom wasn't in the best state. The duvet was flimsy and thin. Wasn't enough shower gel for 2 people,not enough tea and coffee either. Wanted room service but nobody picked up the call. Couldn't wait leave. The staff were unhelpful too. Seriously would've been better in a hostel or on a bench in Euston station",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or45-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting all round,"If you must stay here *please only do so if it's a matter of life or death* book online only as they charge you double on the desk.   Bring food with you or eat beforehand as there are no staff around to serve you, the restaurant is always closed and for breakfast you get stale weetabix or bread.   Don't bring your car as the car park is tiny and they charge you £15 extra per night.   Bring your own duvet; mine was filthy and smelt like rotten sardines in horseradish.   Take a mattress too because if yours is anything like mine was you won't sleep a wink even if you've never been so tired in all your life. (I couldn't sleep on the floor because it was damp)  Also be prepared to face staff who are demanding and accusing, wanting money that you've already paid and charging for…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or45-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Blood on the curtains ,"Well it’s not a bad place to stay, yes it’s a bit knackered and could benefit from a lick of paint and a air freshener in places but over all the bed was clean, staff are nice, it’s very local for the roundhouse (which is why we booked it) and close to the tube. Prices are ok after all it’s London so if you are just after a place to crash for the night after a gig then this place will do you right. Oh yeah it’s got blood on the curtains but I think that’s included with the price!",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or45-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in,"As soon as the taxi driver pulled up I knew it was going to be bad!!! When checking in a man came down stairs and asked why his room hadn’t been cleaned... the response from reception was, we only do it once every 3 days, we are a 3 star hotel.... well once I heard that I knew it wasn’t going to be pleasant. Got to the forth floor where the carpets were horrible, the smell was disgusting and could hear dogs barking from one of the rooms!!! The room itself was not nice at all, good job we were only in there for 4 hours!!! It was just lifeless.... horrible place to stay. No wonder it was so cheap. No not recommend this place as all. Put your hand in your pocket for a better place!! Shocking and disgusting!!! ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or45-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific! ,"DO NOT STAY HERE! Yes it may be cheap for London but I still paid £85 for one night.   Turning the corner onto Primrose Hill there it was, shabby, old fashioned and unloved. I just knew from the outside I was in for an uncomfortable stay.   Area around the check in desk was so run down and just sad. I was given my key and got into the lift for the 4th floor.  The carpets throughout were so filthy you could almost taste them, threadbare patches throughout. I cautiously entered my room...it was like something from a horror film. Filthy walls with the smears of the last 100 guests, and a toilet/ bathroom with DNA evidence in full view.   Thank god I was out all evening, but the thought of returning there wasn’t far from my mind. I slept fully clothed and didn’t get into bed....woke…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or45-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Way-2-Stay!,"We made a trip to Liverpool, A hotel there to stay, A mixup in our room occurred, Much to our dismay!  Amusing though our tale when told, Imagine you our wrath, When we discovered someone else, Was splashing in our bath!  Britannia dealt with our complaint, And booked for us instead, An extra high class mid-week stay, A rare treat in Hampstead.  We’d trusted them to put things right, No detail was neglected, Service, care, and kindness shown, E’en better than expected.  We hope that you’ll their hotels try, Do not be shy or nervous, We recommend Britannia  For quality and service.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or50-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Don’t stay here, take your money elsewhere!","Stayed one night on business, the 4th floor room is loud, one pillow was basically thread bare the room needs a serious revamp... the bed is from the 80s, sheets don’t fit the mattress, carpets are ancient, single glazed windows so it sounds like you are on the street!  Just no... not worth the money!!",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or50-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not again.,"First impression I had from the hotel was poor. One member of staff out of all that we spoke to or encountered while we're there was actually pleasent. We only stayed for 1 night but that was enough. I will try to list some nice things as I go along because it could have been worse but it could have been alot better. It smelt musty and grim as soon as we opened our hotel door. Decor was very outdated. We asked for a double bedroom and we got 2 single bed pushed together? Not even nicely. The beds felt like we were sleeping on wooden benches and we both got 1 flat pillow each, (not enough for us) there were pillows provided though in the cupboard. Opening the cupboreds there was an ironing bored, 2 pillows, a hairdryer on the floor and an iron on the floor along with 2…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or50-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting ,"Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. Even before we got to the room, the feel of the hotel looks disgusting.   The carpet was old and gross, had marks on it. The paint from the walls was coming off and the toilet well it needed cleaning.   Considering the amount that was paid, it really could’ve been better. And on top of that they wanted extra for the breakfast.... not happening   Definitely would not recommend it anyone ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or50-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!,"My husband and I stayed here as part of our national holiday , it was literally like a hotel from hell !! It smelt fusty , it was really dirty and dusty , the carpets was disgusting, the room was hot , the bathroom had somebody else’s ‘body hair’ left in the shower, the bath panel was smashed in , the carpet in the hall way looked like somebody had set fire to it and the carpet in the bedroom was dirty! the food was not edible , we sat on the patio to have a coffee in the morning and the hotel staff came running outside and shouted at us ‘ are you smoking weed out here, you can’t do that’ we wasn’t even smoking !! I pointed that out to them and she didn’t even apologise until I said ‘ oh don’t worry about it , she then said sorry and walked off’ so rude!!  It was literally the…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or50-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",They should pay people to stay here. ,"False advertising through lastminute.com a room without a view translates to a basement level dungeon with no window or ventilation.  The odour as you reached the lower lobby at bottom of the stairs on the way to the room is vile and things did not get any better.  Outdated, like a time warp, with stained carpets, peeling wallpaper and a mattress with more broken springs than not.  Every time you leave the hotel the magnetic strip on the room card stops working and reception try and behave like this is normal /a non issue.  There is no information or contacts for receiption in the room and non of the electricals in our room had legal pak testing dated labels not to mention when we went to use the iron the water leaks straight into the electrical cable.  BRITANNIA HOTELS should…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or55-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful.  Do not go here,It has all been said. Smelly dirty and unpleasant.  Basement room.  Window broken and outside steps leading straight to the room.  Very unsafe.  We went back to reception and we were moved to 1st floor it was barely adequate.  If u leave the room  u are advised u have to recharge the key card. ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or55-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"My partner and I stayed July 2019 and arrived to find there were no parking spaces and the road parking was permit only whereas we spoke to the hotel regarding parking prior to arriving and were told we could park for £15 per night. We asked at reception and was told we had to wait for a space or find on street parking that didn't require a permit on a weekend. My partner asked if I was able to grab the key for check in at 2pm they stated no because the booking was in his name. We found a space about 15min walk away from the hotel so parked there for the day and moved it to outside the hotel on street parking for the Saturday night as it was free from 6pm onwards. When it came to check in there was a queue near enough out the door, one member of staff working to check everyone…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or55-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",NOT AT ALL LIKE THE PHOTOS ONLINE,"Me and my partner stayed here for one night for my birthday. When we arrived at the hotel we hoped it was the wrong one as it looked NOTHING like the photos on booking.com. It was £90 for one night which isn’t the worst price as it is in a good area. However our hotel room was very basic, the tv didn’t work, there was only 2 or 3 plug sockets placed in the most inconvenient places and the bathroom stunk of weed, so much so it gave me a headache. My partner was very upset and disappointed that he had booked somewhere that wasn’t good enough and felt he had wasted his money on this place as it really did feel like we were staying in some sort of sleazy motel. I do not recommend this hotel at all unless you would like to waste your money and I feel sorry for those that come here…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or55-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Could be....,We recently stayed at the aforesaid hotel. Upon arriving I felt like we had arrived at a Miss Marple attraction 1940’s style. We got to our room by the only single working lift and was greeted by the smell of mustiness. After turning on the air conditioning ie opened windows as the motorised fan was no better than a hand held one. The room below looked like it was on fire as the smoke was coming from the windows by someone smoking weed. The smell was diabolical. The tv screen was no better than a mobile telephone device. Total lack of 3 pin sockets for phone charges and hairdryer etc. The toilet had to be primed 3 times and then hold the lever down carefully as to not break it and then hope for the best. On the plus side good water pressure from the dirty shower head. All in all…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or55-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",the worst ever,"I feel obliged to write this as I have a social responsibility to stop people saying here. I've stayed in some dreadful hotels but this is another league - and ts not even cheap. Its run down, dirty, and really is the absolute worst. I've only given it one star as you cant give none",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or60-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all  Costs  .....   dirty manky  dump,"We booked this  hotel  through booking.com and thought that it was in an ideal  location being so  close to underground stations and within walking distance of Camden market, as frequent visitors  to London  we  knew that it was a  really good price for a hotel in such a central location and were looking forward to staying there for our trip.....  how wrong we were !  we arrived on the Thursday night to find the  staff outside smoking .. each to their own i suppose  and we got checked in without a hitch , it all went down hill from there , the pictures i have posted  really tell the story   we were checked into a room on the fourth floor , which was reached by the only working lift in the hotel , the corridors  were bleak and very dated and we reached our  room  we had requested…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or60-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very underwhelming,We paid £195 for one nights stay and requested a double room. On arriving at 13.20 we were told we couldn’t check in until 14.00hrs. We left our bag and went out when we came back we were given our room key to find 2 single beds. When I complained I was told there were no double rooms available but upon checking on the website there was.We were offered a free breakfast which we didn’t have once I’d looked at the reviews.The carpet in the bedroom was filthy and the toilet didn’t flush.The shower which I didn’t use but my husband did said it only ok. I know this is only 3 star but for £195 it was awful. The stair carpets looked like they fad been swept or cleaned for weeks. The manager was lovely and very apologetic for the twin room. We only booked this as we were going to an…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or60-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pathetic,"It has been ages since I stayed in such a bad hotel as this  it would take me long to explain everything that went wrong. To summarize the highlights:  * They could not find my reservation. They kept me waiting in reception for nearly 2 hours until they found it  * I had sent beforehand via courier a package to be delivered to me upon my arrival. Despite I had confirmation from the courier that the parcel had been delivered, once again they could not find it. And only after my severe insistence, they spotted it.   * I think the lobby area had not been cleaned since the hotel opening decades ago....  * We had breakfast included but we decided not to make use of it. The breakfast looked disgusting as one could imagine  *  I had the ""Do not disturb"" sign on. However, room service…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or60-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",dirty,A terrible choice in a lovely area. Checked in got changed as we needed somewher and didnt stay the night.  Sheets didnt fit the bed your feet got dirty walking accross the carpet. Avoid at all costs. Nothing to reccommend.,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or60-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again !!!,"At the weekend for a friends birthday we planned a trip to London. We booked this hostel oops sorry hotel !!!   Room 1 - bathroom and room cleanliness made me retch. I popped to reception and waited patiently as others switched hotels and cancelled I asked for a clean room. No shock, horror or apology that the room was dirty just a no problem, room 2 missing handles and cleanish it wasn’t getting better.   Air con a fan wow !!! Hotter inside than out, didn’t sleep as the springs stuck in my ribs. Day 2 that feeling of dread when you realise you can’t find another hotel and have to spend a second night and arrive back to a Police car all for a cheap cost of  120 a night not that cheap even for London.   Just NO !!! If you see this hotel pop up even at 5 pound a night !! It’s just…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or65-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in,"Honestly, it’s horrific. Don’t waste your money. Between 2 couples we paid £300+ to stay here for 1 night. The entire place needs a serious clean, the toilet in our room was the kind you want to hover above. The shower water came out slower than anything. There were cobwebs everywhere. The windows were filthy. The carpet looks 100+ years old. The bar has about 4 drinks.  The location is perfect. But the place is not. The service doesn’t even make up for what the rest of it lacks unfortunately. A refurb (or atleast a clean) and decent manager would do the place wonders.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or65-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Would recommend you AVOID this place!,"Firstly, when checking in I had to wait 15 minutes even though there was another member of staff just waiting behind the counter. I was then called forward whilst someone was still at the counter.  I had a reservation and when I informed her of this, the battleaxe behind the desk just replied ""ID!"". I produced my driving licence where another member of staff went a took a copy of it - not sure why this was needed and when I asked for details about their GDPR/Data Protection policy I was just informed ""our management request ID from everyone"". I can understand why they would want to see if but not sure why they need to take a copy. Secondly, even though the room was booked and already paid for, I then had to give them my credit card where they charged me 1p. Not too sure why this…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or65-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting. Avoid at ALL costs!!!!!,"Upon arrival there were several buckets, in the foyer, collecting dripping water from the ceiling.  The receptionist said my husband's credit card had been declined and she had cancelled our room.  My husband had recently activated a new card and this is why the original wasn't working. Not once did they try to contact him to let him know this.  They said the room would have to be re booked. She needed to call the manager.  The manager totally ignored us and proceeded to have a conversation out of earshot.  We were eventually given a room in the basement.  You have to walk past the gents toilets. A strong smell of urine hit us before we even reached the toilets.  Our room was windowless, dark and dank.  It could have done with a good clean as there were cobwebs and dust in the…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or65-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Really.... never again,"Great location.... but such a tired.. un loved hotel... this was I'm sure many years ago a good hotel in a fab location.... but OMG not now..  the rooms are just so tired... the cleaning staff I'm sure try thier best.... the staff are quite rude... had to work in the bar area this morning as the wifi is not free in the rooms. I did not want breakfast, but the breakfast waitress would not sell me a coffee, explaining that one could be purchased from the bar reception... but the machine was broken... surely coffee was available for breakfast... not hard to sort surely...   Check in was manic.... twice he tried to check me into the wrong room  someone staying has similar name but not the same. May be speaking English to him was hard to understand....If your a contractor that wants…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or65-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Average at very best.,"We paid £79 for a double room which we fully expected not to be the classiest or top notch hotel but from start to finish it was just a poor experience. When we arrived, granted 25 minutes before 2pm which was check-in time, we were told to wait. We went to the bar and after 20 minutes someone arrived to serve us a drink. They were cleaning the lines so neither of us could have a soft drink from the pump, which was ok so I opted for tap water as their shelves were pretty empty, which I was given without any ice which meant the water was tepid & husband went for a tea.  Once we checked in & see the room, it was all quite dated but as we expected it would be. Our remote wouldn’t work so I assume the batteries had died & not replaced. The tap dripped all night & the sink was so…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or70-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers but worse - avoid!,"Asked for a double room and had 2 singles bed pushed together with sheets that didn't cover the whole mattress that sunk in the middle. The room was freezing cold, windows full of condensation with mould all over the net curtains, the toilet seat didn't fit the toilet and was loose. It also had a drawn on arrow by the lever to show which way to flush which took a few attempts. The TV in the room was smaller than my computer monitor. For £69 I felt like I was ripped off and this spoiled my birthday. I also feel like I've been duped as the photos on the website must have been photoshopped as it didn't reflect on the actual visit. The advertised car park had no spaces as it was filled with staff cars and builders vehicles. I've been to budget hotels which were cheaper and more…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or70-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nope nope nope,"-Painful lumpy beds -no airconditon -broken furnitures -dirty Not a pleasant stay at all, everything felt dirty. Bed, table, sink, window, nightstand was broken... Roomkey stopped working about 7-8 times in these 4 days we were there.  We did not have a pleasant stay at all.  The only plus was a professional staff. (would be nice with a smile or two though)",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or70-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID, DISGUSTING, DIRTY , not at all as in advertising . Worst ever and not cheap. Filth . Smelly. Grotty","We checked in, room at basement, no window !no air , filthy , stank, took photos to prove how shocking, two others requested to leave same as we did. Appalling. Said 3 star what to expect. A dog wouldn’t live in room. Couldn’t swing a cat. Not as on advertising, 2 minutes in room, 2 hours on phone to sort and charge £100 night despite we left . We went nearby to Swiss cottage hotel also 3 star same price , beautiful, clean, welcomed, all facility , WiFi etc, air con,spacious , pleasure, day lost /ruined & charged. How allowed to get away with this, health and safety pass I do not know, my husband has to have insulin, no fridge, said leave in bar fridge , closed at night if emergency, shocking. AVOID . FRAUD COMES TO MIND DISHONEST AND FLITHY .  CROOKS, EVEN STAFF SCRUFFY .SO…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or70-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague,"Before I write this review please check out the hundreds of others, I have already posted to see that I always deliver an honest assessment of my findings.  This is by far the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in. I booked it as part of a Superbreak holiday to the capital and it wasn’t until I had booked and paid for the two-night stay, I actually read the reviews on TripAdvisor – schoolboy error. On arrival at reception there was a gentleman in front of me already complaining about the state of his room etc. so I waited patiently and observed the chaos and total lack of customer care to resolve this gentleman’s complaint.  We were originally allocated a basement room with no windows that stank of smoke, being a non-smoker, I refused and demanded a non-smoking room. I was under the…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or70-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID,"Room looked like a 70's throwback, the bed was not a full size double bed, the pillows were very thin, there was too much furniture in the room to move about, the windows were filthy inside and out and also not sealed around the top. You could hear the toilet been ragged off the wall by the person next door as they tried to flush it, ours was no better. The car parking was shameful as it only had about 6 spaces. We were told we could park on the road but only at certain hours of the day so we ended up paying £15 per day a mile down the road at Swiss Cottage",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or75-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",2 night stay,Avoid at all cost. The hotel is seriously overcharged for a filthy unclean hotel. Strong smell of weed coming from other rooms. Windows don't like they have been cleaned in years. 2 different height single beds joined together to make a double. Bedding did not fit the bed correctly. Breakfast was tasteless. ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or75-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutly shocking, pay the extra and stay somewhere else!","I wish I had read the reveiws before staying. Worst hotel I have ever been to and as I have ran hotels myself, I am appalled by the management of this premises. Advertising parking which is just 10 spaces around the back, of course no room so had to park on side streets which is you don't move your car by 9am you will end up with a fine as it's permit only. As you walk down the hall to your room you can smell the mold which you will find in the bathroom and all over the windowsill. Safety notice on the window saying opening it is restricted which is standard in hotels but yet I could have very easily gotten through the huge gap it allows you to have let alone a child. The room was sweltering, fan provided but bearly did a thing, bed was hard and thin, got next to no sleep.…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or75-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The depths of hell would be nicer and probably colder,"I have stayed at this hotel before back in January for forty odd Pound for the night. Come May it’s double the price with the room half the size. A frosty welcome from a half bothered receptionist. No hello or welcome to the Britannia, just an ID please.   Down in the basement (please put a note you don’t want a basement room if you book) where it was stuffy and hot. My partner went to ask for a fan to which she was told look harder. We didn’t find this invisible fan or the invisible socket to plug it in. They were useless. No air could circulate around the room. If you have limited fans, you would think they would be prioritised to rooms with no window.   The lift to the dungeon is too slow, but only one flight of stops through the stench of urine and you’re on the underground…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or75-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe and filthy,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed it. Dodgy wiring, fire alarms going off - nobody taking a blind bit of notice. Crowds of drunk men wandering around the place - CCTV wiring cut. The whole place is dirty. Food is inedible - had to eat breakfast somewhere else. Felt unsafe and could not stay a second night. Please don't stay here. The good thing is they let dogs stay but it is not fit for dogs let alone human beings!!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or75-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Room Ever,This is without doubt the worst hotel room that I have ever stayed in.  I booked a Suite (£30 more than a standard room) so £97 on a Wednesday evening.   Bed - awful and thin  TV - portable on a stand in other room.   Decor/Cleanliness- shocking - see photo’s  Shower - stand in a bath Awful products and broken mixer tap.   View - incredible   Staff - pretty much not bothered  Words cant do the justice that the photos of my ‘Suite’ do...  Be warned! Its a shocker!   ,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or80-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump,"Just got back from a coach trip with Alfa Holidays to this hotel and it is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The restaurant staff were surly and the meals were terrible. You could play cricket with the meatballs which were that big and hard, they must of bought the cheapest meat going. They were forever running out of food. The selection was basically the same every night. You had to pay for a cup of tea with your evening meal something which I have never had to do before. The only good thing was the room ( number 507 ) was cleaned every day but it was still dirty and we were there 5 days and never had a shower because the shower head was black and dirty with a large piece of enamelling missing in the bath which you could quite easily cut your foot on. The throw…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or80-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Mouldy, smelly hole ",The photos speak for themselves. Avoid this place at your peril at is it filthy dirty. We opened the door to room 421 and the stench hit us in the face and we couldn’t believe how much mould was in the room. We did complain and got a different room but the first one was awful. Guy on reception said the owner refuses to do any maintenance as due to its location it is always full up! ,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or80-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"Worst hotel I've seen so far. The room was very old and dirty, with mysterious spots on the carpet. The staff was unprofessional. Wifi cost extra money. They also have rooms in the basement without a window, make sure not to book those. The smartest thing to avoid this place.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or80-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Keep  well away,"Had to walk 4 floors twice because the room key system is faulty,  both lifts broken at peak time of evening,useless staff breakfast is a joke small with the cheapest of cheap ingredients no white bread for toast, hotel is very noisy lots of girls coming in and out. I am a travel agent so my customers will learn not to think about any Britannia hotel. THe worst I have ever stayed in , in the world",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or80-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A S**tannia hotel says it all!,"Very dated and poorly maintained property, on the plus side the bedding was clean and bed comfortable.  Part of a hotel group that is a bit of an embarrassment to the UK hotel trade unfortunately. Think they ran out of saucers as we had side plates with the cups in our room!!",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or85-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pathetic ,- Internet is paid £7 per day per device (which does not work at all) - restaurants cutlery is dirty and no one cared to wipe it - the reception workers are so rude and loud that you won’t talk to them for any of your requests/questions. - staff has a don’t care attitude towards the guests,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or85-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Miss,"The hotel room is pretty basic but perfect for an overnight stay, near to Camden market and the underground. People that complain should maybe lighten up, the young man at reception and behind the bar was so friendly and nothing but helpful. We have no complaints. Anna and Jamie.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or85-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers with great atmosphere!,"The rooms are terrible, but the beds are clean ! The Britannia in Camden is a great place to stay in London, but only if you tolerate a few problems with showers etc,. The bar is great and stays open late. Lots of musicians staying there.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or85-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,Absolutely disgusting place the rooms smell damp and musty. Unfortunately our room was in the basement which was dark and in very bad state of repair. Putting the smell down to room being down the basement went up to 5th floor to another one of our parties room to find same damp musty smell. There room was in same poor state of repair with what can only be described as human body fluid stain on the bed runner. One advantage to my own room no window to see the extent of they filth. Tried to complain along with several other couples but no manager in the building and nobody could do a refund so ended up staying at the hotel from hell. Don't eat there you have wait hour for a sandwich and then bring out wrong order covered in chop parsley. Stay here at your own risk no place to…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or85-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Look elsewhere...,"I booked this hotel without checking the reviews (when I did I had doubts but thought, it can’t be that bad let’s give it a go). How wrong I was! My wife and I found ourselves in the basement down a rabbit warren of dank musty smelling corridors. The room had no windows, was dimly lit, shabby, dingy and airless. To compound the issue a ceiling vent constantly pumped out hot air ( this was Easter 2019 20 degrees + outside). A maintenance guy claimed that in ten years of working there he’d never seen such a thing and had no idea how to turn it off. They must be aware of the problem because the room had two fans which we had to have on constantly to cool and air the room.  Due to the completely run down nature of the hotel (it really is very shabby), we decided to immediately book…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or90-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bitterly disappointed!!!,Went to check in to Hampstead Britannia an hour ago after reserving a room there for not only myself but 4 other friends and when we got there after my birthday party tonight we were greeted with the fact that my reservation had been cancelled with not so much as even any correspondence from the hotel!! No email and no phone calls to apparently let me know that my bank card could not be validated m!! If someone would have been kind enough from the hotel to at least let us no we were homeless in London for the whole night I’d certainly and surely have given them another card to validate my booking!! I have been using Hampstead Britannia for yeeears! And every time we have visited London with friends I have been sure to book them into the hotel as well bringing them a lot of…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or90-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Just Don't ,"Originally I had booked a room with no window. When I arrived I asked about switching which the woman at the desk seemed happily enough to oblige. I went up to the second floor and was inundated by the smell of cigarette smoke the second I stepped off the elevator. My booking notes said non smoking. I tried to stay in the room but after 15 minutes I was so nauseous so I went back to the desk. The same woman (I'm sorry I didn't get her name for this) was so nasty when I asked to be moved. She accused me of using the room in the 15 minutes I was in there and then proceeded to move me into a room that hadn't been cleaned I don't think ever aside from changing sheets and a spritz in the bathroom. The beds were horrible and the toilet barely flushed. Thankfully, I had only booked one…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or90-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!,"Although enjoying a very favourable situation with easy access to central London, this doss-house is a grubby, dilapidated, depressing and thoroughly cheerless hell-hole.  The outside view is of windows piled with cardboard and rubbish, and the entryway is smeary and filthy with cigarette butts everywhere.  The reception area smelled musty and the staff looked anxious and depressed.  Checking in was like being interrogated at Scotland Yard.  “Why you not register your car number online? This you MUST do! As Hotel policy, we INSIST on photograph of driving licence, or not stay!” Anyway, we got to our room on the fifth floor, and had the hour not been so late, we would have walked out.  The bed was cleanish, but with only two thin pillows, everything about the room was dusty,…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or90-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DONT STAY HERE UNLESS YOU LIKE TO FREEZE!!!!,"It was freezing cold... No radiators were working.. Massive lesson learnt.. View reviews before booking!  Although the room was clean... And the view of London from the window was lovely to look at... And location was good.. That was all that was good about the place...  For a budget hotel in camden we wasnt expecting much but to have at least some heating.. 3 duvets, clothes on, and that still was not enough.   We was on the 5th floor, lady at desk told us to use the stairs (which is fine by us but if you find it hard to get up the stairs.. I wouldnt recommend going up all those as the lift was broken).  The car park is just a few spaces which they do state but not worth paying the extra 15 quid its a dump ground at the back.. Recommend getting there after 6.30 on a saturday as…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or90-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Work,"Poor standard of cleanliness, staff (especially manager) did not care. No reply to complaint email to head office, never stay here! Room full of damp, bathroom dirty and heating did not work, all poor. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or95-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!!! Wipe your feet on the way out,"Rude staff argumentative smoking hell hole!   This hotel stinks of smoke and theres dogs slobbering everywhere  Double room is 2 single beds different heights pushed together  Had to made 2 complaints as no heating  Staff stood arguing between themselves in an unknown language and dont even seem fussed when interrupted!   There is not a car park, it's a dumping area its filthy stinking unlit and £15 a day  General manager is rude and aggressive  Which is accepted by the Britannia group!   Not only would I avoid the hotel but the group in general!   Building needs reporting! Damp mouldy smoke filled filth spider webs like a horror film! ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or95-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting.,"When I got here I was greeted nicely by the reception guy. My room was a windowless one down stairs, which was quite cosy. I open the door and a musty smell greeted me. After just chilling for a bit the fire alarm starts going off, then stopped and started again this went on for 15 minutes or so. A workman come down and said not to worry and just someone was smoking in their room. A little while after the receptionist came down banging on all the doors telling people to leave. We waited outside for a while in the cold and he came out again, not to give us any info but to shoe us across the road. The fire brigade came and reset the alarm after 45 minutes being outside in the cold. We were allowed back in but with no other info or apology. I went to a gig and came back 11pm ish.…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or95-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,Horrible place to stay. disgusting environment. Can tell that no one cares at all about the hotel and the look of it...had no idea there were smoking and non smoking rooms???? I had an audition and was in a room which stank of stale smoke that had only the tiniest window. I was scared I would catch something if I stayed there. When I arrived to my room there were dirty plates just left outside and this mug full of murky water and cigarette buts!!!! I was appalled and staff did not care when complained to them. Would not recommend to anyone unless you want to catch a disease. Vile and not worth the money.,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or95-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not good at all ,Stayed here with work ment to stop 2 nights we didn’t bother the second night dirty damp and smells carpet was like a swimming pool just not a very nice place to stay god knows how much work paid but £2 would of been over priced il give it 2 stars as location wasn’t bad ,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or95-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not even worth one star,"Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We booked this hotel last minute and we were not expecting much due to it being a budget hotel however, we did not expect it to be germ ridden. It states there is parking but there is about 5 spaces! The smell when you initially walk in to the room is awful, cigarettes and damp. (we were 'upgraded' when we initially checked in as the staff stated in what felt like a warning 'you do know you're in the basement without a window?'.. so we were 'upgraded' to a room which was worth £10 more - I dread to imagine what the original room would have looked like, and having looked at other reviews now I feel we may have been upgraded to a 'smokers' room, hence the stench). The carpet and bathroom floor was filthy. The walls and window sill mouldy and with…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Even the staff hate it!!,"Quite possibly the worst hotel you can imagine. Picture the scene, you turn up to your budget hotel, not expecting palatial splendour and you are met with a fog at the front door - is this a nod to the victorian fog - no! Several staff smoking their heads off. Expecting a cheery hello - no! Nothing - no acknowledgement that you exist. Coaxing staff to check if your room could be ready a little early you are told, you may expect 'let me just check for you, please take a seat' but no! You get 'are you taking the p**s'. Checking into your room at last, you expect at least a basic standard of cleanliness, after all it is budget so you dont expect it to be the latest high standard of furniture - but even here the answer is no, not even that - broken toilet, faces in the bowl (not…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",They accommodate the mice and give free blue food.,"My boyfriend and I stayed here during the middle of the week to see a show. We paid very little for one night and the location was good. We didn't expect much of the hotel and was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. However, as we spent more time here we unravelled a few things.  Firstly, friendly bar staff, who didn't know what some of the drinks were when customers asked. So they tried them. Secondly, the room was adequate. We opted for a room with no window as it was cheaper and we would be out mostly. It was in the basement. It was actually a nice room. Dated but suitable for what we needed. Leading to the rooms, the floor needed a bloody good hoovering, however it smelt clean.  In the bar area, we discovered mouse traps with yummy blue food. Otherwise, the bar was…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful place,"I was put in a smoking room. Never was told when booking that I was getting one. I got in the room and it smelled very strongly of cigarettes, event the bed sheets. I had to pay an extra £20 to get a non smoking room or the executive room as they call it. It was as bad as the first one but without the smell. Mould and spider webs everywhere. Bed not comfortable. Only one plug out of 4 working. ",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel i've ever been to,"Possibly the most disgusting building inside and out. Stayed for one night for a concert at the roundhouse and fair to say I would rather of slept rough. Outside it looked absolutely disgusting with people hanging out the windows, don't blame them to be fair I was considering heading out the window myself throughout my stay. The dirty curtains visible from outside combined with the near suicide victims it was an immediate indicator at what was about to come.  After waiting for 10 mins for the couple in front of us to figure out if they wanted a smoking room or not (didn't even realise that was still legal) we eventually got to the front. Fairly straight forward and the guy assisting us was nice, and very sweaty I may add. We then headed upstairs to find our room, on floor two. …",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t waste your money,"My partner and I decided to take a trip to London for the weekend. At £181 for two nights we thought we couldn’t go wrong with this hotel. The outside is very outdated and unwelcoming. Upon entering the hotel, the man working at the desk was very kind and polite. Unfortunately he was the only kind member of staff, everyone else was very rude. We paid and got the key card to our room. We paid extra for an ‘executive room’. The room was only just big enough for two people. The radiator not only did not work but also leaked all over the floor. There was no light for the main room only bedside lights. There was a lamp, however the top half was literally hanging off and it did not work. There was only one working plug socket and that was by the window, and we obviously don’t want to…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bottom of the barrel ,"Luckily I only had the misfortune of spending 1 night in quite simply the worst hotel I’ve stayed in the UK. Cold rooms, dirty bathroom, creaky windows and furniture that’s seen better days. The breakfast was even worse, a case of take or leave it which proved difficult since we’d been charged £10 a head. Avoid at all costs and seek refuge in a card box instead. ",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bit of  a mixed bag,"We booked the hotel in order to attend an event at the Camden Roundhouse. We walked down to Camden after booking in & caught the bus back up the hill before Hubby took himself off to the gig. VERY limited parking at the hotel - which it does point out when you book. The staff were welcoming & friendly. We had a room on the 5th floor. Spacious room if a little dated. Lovely & warm - we had to turn the radiator off. Sheets, cups etc were clean. Huge mirror in bathroom and one in the room for getting ready to go out. Plenty of clothes storage. There was an iron & ironing board in the wardrobe. Overall I think the hotel is rather a shadow of its former self and some of its ""faults"" are not down to a lack of cleanliness but more of a poor design. ",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"The hotel was disgusting the doors were dirty as you walked in, the hall way carpets weren’t even hovered, hairs on the sources, mould around the room, it was freezing cold. Couldn’t stay in it And i wouldn’t recommend anyone staying here! Even stains on the bedding!!",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Half a mile away from chalk farm tube station and that being a few miles out of the centre, this hotel is a good location and half the price of the more central hotels. My partner and I paid £42 for our room at the weekend. Breakfast was available at £10 for pre bookings or £12 on the day. We decided against it as unsure of when we would arise from our dungeon.  I say dungeon. We were in a basement room. The bed was comfy but I'm not a fan of not having a window. The room came with a TV, ironing board, a fan. A nice spacious room and a bath/shower with water hot enough to cook your eyeballs.   For price and location I would happily stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"After reading reviews (after booking) we weren't looking forward to staying here...we really didn't need to worry though! Yes the hotel is pretty tired and dated, but apart from that it was great - especially considering the seriously low price we paid. Perfect location for Kentish and Camden Town, easy walk to Chalk Farm tube station, friendly and helpful staff, spacious and warm rooms. I'll definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anybody else who needs an affordable place to stay in central London.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Possibly the worst hotel i have ever stayed in,"Rude staff, dirty rooms, mould growing up the wall of the toilets, stinking like a uncleaned public toilet from the 70's. Deal rooms with no windows as normal. Hallway carpets looking like they have not seen a vacuum cleaner in years. I can not see any reason why I would ever want to stay in this place again or ever suggest it to anybody else as a good idea. Positively disgusting.  ",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Agree with other reviewers but it is adequate for one night,I had looked at all the other reviews before I booked but I needed to stay in this area for 1 night on a budget.One night no breakfast was Eur64.I checked in quickly and the male desk clerk was polite.The bedroom area was better than I thought it would be and I did have a window and the bed and general area was clean.I checked and I had 2 spare blankets in the wardrobe as I knew it would be cold later from other reviews.The bathroom was very basic and old and definitely needs an upgrade but there were towels and toiletries.I didnt return to the room until late in the evening.I was able to have a hot shower and used kettle n coffee supplied in the room.The heating didnt come on but there was an electric heater which I didnt use.The tv worked and I got a reasonable nights…,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I've fallen asleep in a McDonalds toilet and it was genuinely better than this hotel,"ALWAYS READ REVIEWS BEFORE BOOKING!  Me and my partner booked here, seemed like a decent price and location. Also I told her we don't need to read reviews, I'm really not a fussy dude, really, I've worked as a barman, waiter, kitchen porter- insert hospitality job here and even fallen asleep in a McDonalds toilet after a long and stressful day. To give a short summary we were: -Given the wrong room key at first and entered into another room while the guest was in the bathroom (luckily), simple mistaken anyone could have made it -Put in a room where the heating was broken, tried to adjust and then went for a walk until the room was cooled down, had to move rooms in the middle of the night only to be told they knew about the problem but they didn't bother telling us and just stuck…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",First visit to London - Appalling,"I stayed in Sept 2017 but I can’t select it - I have only just downloaded this but still want to share my experience of staying at this hotel. Booked this hotel through Alfa Coach Travel on a 5 day short break away with my partner as I have always wanted to see my capital city! I think I may need to return to London to hold better memories of London than this trip! When we arrived, the hotel from the outside didn’t look so bad, looked like it could have seen better days but only staying 5 days and we only need a shower and a bed. After waiting over an hour in reception checking in due to 1 member of staff checking people in at the desk when a full coach of at least 50 people arrived at reception. It seemed like not one member of staff spoke English in the entire hotel - very…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",We really did have such an awful experience at this hotel.,My partner and I arrived and were given the wrong room and walked in on another customer who using their bathroom at the time. The receptionist chased us up the corridor shouting we were in the wrong room and she’d made a mistake and to go back to reception. The first room we were put in was extremely hot and a fan was placed in the corner. We woke at 3am finding it hard to breathe and sweating. We both went to reception to ask would they be able to turn off the heating and the manager informed that the heating was broken in that room and that he thought it was fixed the morning before we arrived. He then checked to see if there was another room available for us to move to in the middle of the night. He said there was one room we could be changed to but it was two single beds.…,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"The room was dirty, stank of smoke, had no window and the whole hotel was old and run down. There were stains all over the carpet in the corridors and in our room, and to make it worse the carpet in our room hadn’t even been hoovered. The cause of the smoke smell in our room became apparent when we found cigarette butts stuffed down the bathroom plug hole presumably from previous guests. Only redeeming feature is the good location but I would never ever stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster ,Dirty old dated   for what it is so expensive.   Good place for filming horror movie ..   desperately need reconstruction... otherwise location it’s good but this the only positive. I’ll don’t stay here again even if it’s will be for free ,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, dirty and overpriced","My first review failed to be posted although I’m not sure why, I stayed here for 2 nights as friends had already booked it as it was close to the Roundhouse for 2 shows we were going to. The windows were filthy, there was graffiti under the sink in the bathroom which staff had no idea about, which gives you some idea how often the bathroom is cleaned! The toilet was broken and wouldn’t flush, I had to ring reception to send someone up to sort the flush out every time I went to the toilet! Then I had to pay just short of £200 for the priveledge! No apology, compensation or part refund was offered, terrible hotel, I will be avoiding it in future!",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",First hotel experience in London ,"I used to be in hostel in London however this is my first hotel experience there  Location is fantastic , a minute far away from bus station (Primrose Hill Road stop), five minute far away from understanding (chalk farm) also u can use your Oyster card in buses there The rooms are good with hot water , TV excellent room service  The stuff at the front disk are very friendly and helpful   You can leave your luggage’s after your check out till your leaving time  The hotel is near to Regent’s park , very wide beautiful park, madame Tussauds museum , London central mosque  I walked the whole area at the morning it’s very charming   ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"Room was freezing cold with no central heating on or working electric heaters, we had a thin duvet in the middle of winter. Bathroom was filthy with yellow substance on the floor and our phone did not work. When informing the miserable staff, we argued for a new room. We were taken to the basement floor which stunk of cannabis, and our room heater was switched to permanently on and we had a sleepless night due to the heavy tumble drying/washing machine sounds that were directly above our room.  When I complained to head office they have argued that all rooms are the same temperature and comparing our experience with 'no one else complained' They completely dismissed the apathetic behaviour of their staff and the uncleanliness of the room. We paid £69 for this and refused a…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Apprehensive but relieved,"After our Travel Company changed our hotel and advised us we would be staying at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel, I decided upon reading the reviews on here. Whilst reading an awful sense of apprehension over come me and found myself starting to worry about the hotel, the location, and everything else. Anxiety levels hit the roof and was exceptionally close to calling the travel company and requesting a refund.  However, I decided not to, and have just returned having stayed 2 nights in this hotel.   My honest opinion is that I needed not worry.   Let’s starts at the beginning. The hotel is very dated and does need a good lick of paint externally. It looks worn and doesn’t seem to have had any refurbishment for a good couple of decades.   The hotel has 2 lifts, 1 of which was out…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money and locatiom,"Not the most plush of hotels, but clean and pleasant with good location and good staff. Room was large, beds comfy and quiet. Didn’t have breakfast but had a good stay for concert at Roundhouse and Camden Town was great!",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"What can I say. I'm just going to list the complaints:- no heating which I don't mind if you have a thick enough duvet. Bed rock hard and one pillow each to which was just as hard and flat. I've seen better looking bathrooms in a squat, one towel for two of you. You had to pump the toilet to get it to flush. Very dirty. Staff unfriendly and miserable. Breakfast buffet style all dried up and they wanted £12.00 for it. Very outdated needs shutting down and a total refurbishment.. Not worth the money they charging at all.. Only thing it has going for it is it's location and that's a bit of a walk to Camden town.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britania hamstead,Stayed here for 2 nights. Disgusting hotel stunk of weed. Food awful rooms were a mess wardrobe doors hanging off mould all over cracks and mould in bathroom. Stayed in room 101. Never again avoid it and stay somewhere else ,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",So so,"Toke us a while to find, thought it would have been a lot closer from Chalk Farm underground as some have said, easily a 10 min walk to and from station. Hotel looked ok from the outside... when we walked in it was visibly in a very tired state. As we were only in London for the night it had everything we needed in all honesty, bed and a shower. 15-20 min walk into Camden which we did in the day to explore. Reason for the 3 star is the hotels state, if your after a cheap no thrills stay as your sight seeing and just need a bed then this would be ok, from Euston on the tube it was around 5 mins then from Chalk Farm to Westminster it was around 20 mins with one change at embankment.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No heating or hot water!,"Stayed for 2 nights.   Room was cold as heating didn't work. Hot water pipes seems to have air blocks so it came in gushes making it really difficult to shower. They locked me out of my room on the second night, so I had to return to reception to get a new key card - staff were unapologetic.   Now I understand why it's so cheap!",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stay elsewhere,"Booked this at the last minute. It is a very, very tired hotel. Location is about all it has going for itself. Staff did not seem very interested - probably demotivated by working here. It is a place to sleep. That is about the best that can be said for it.  ",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel,"No WiFi the room! No working WiFi in the lobby! Uncompatant staff The smell is horrible! No heat!!!!!!!! Asked for blankets and they gave us 1 for both claiming they don’t have anymore!! (aspartame beds). Can’t stress this enough... no heat in London in December!!! Not cheap  1 big towel for 2 people... 1 shampoo, 1 small bar soap! Asked for towels and they brought small ones again! The cleaning lady just walked in without waiting! Bathroom is a mess. Near us were ppl who’s reservation were cancelled in the middle of the night just to sell to someone else!  And this is just night one, haven’t gone out or breakfast yet!",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Similar to hotel from the first inbetweeners movie.,"I made the mistake of booking this hotel without reading any reviews beforehand. I phoned the hotel before I stayed and the incompetence of the staff over the phone should have been enough warning not to stay. (That was when they finally answered after 5 attempts at getting through). Checked into the hotel with a very rude woman behind the desk. The hotel was filthy and dated. My room absolutely stank of cigarettes and was very cold and noisy from traffic outside. The bed was very poor with springs sticking into you and only a thin sheet and thin pillow. The tap fell off the bathroom sink and the toilet didn't flush properly. There was also hairs and dirt everywhere. When I complained to the front desk, the member of staff smirked and really didn't have anything to say. I asked…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre,"Although the staff were polite, they were quite unprofessional at times and difficult to understand them as they spoke amongst themselves in another language. Most of the staff looked like they didn't want to work. One staff member was very slow, another was falling asleep whilst waiting for people to check in for breakfast, one staff member didn't know how to make tea and gave us milk in an espresso cup.  We checked in early without trouble which was good for us as weary travellers, but it progressively worsened. Each time we went down to reception, there was another leak from the ceiling which peaked at 3 leaks at one time. Bar was a bit expensive, we overheard many conversations in which people were checking in late, only to find out that Booking.com had only held the money…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Spent onxe night here as we went to a gig in Camden and will not be returning. Any longer and we'd have found another hotel. Room was filthy, stank of smoking and the lifts smelt of weed. Staff refused to move us to another room when we complained about the smell of smoking. When we asked if there was any possibility of a partial refund because of the smell, this was also turned down. Luckily we didn't book breakfast based on previous reviews. I would never return to this 'hotel'. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Can you sue for passive smoking?,"I was given a room that has clearly been smoked in. Net curitans are stained there had been that much smoking in the room. Made me feel really unhealthy and something I should have been given the choice of when booking. If I was staying more than one night I'd have checked out the moment I seen my room. Luckily I was at a gig and had enough to drink to fall aleep. Woke up at 6am and was out the door by 630am. Do not stay here unless you enjoy passive smoking, I wonder if I get ill could I speak to a law firm........",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Long Weekend,Fantastic Hotel from the morning staff at reception to the lovely lady on 2nd floor who looked after our room they so kind.  Great hotel near tube and buses and like home from home and great value for money. Stayed 4 nights with my daughter for her birthday seeing the sights of London will stay again.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Gone seriously downhill,This used to be a nice cheap and cheerful hotel in a fairly central location.    My last stay was terrible. The staff are nice always helpful but the room was unclean and dilapidated. The heating did not work and the paper thin duvet was of little help. TV reception was very patchy making it unwatchable most of the time. No free wifi in the rooms after the 20 minute allocation was used up.   There were several occasions when the smell of cannabis in the corridors was overwhelming.  Sadly I will be finding somewhere else to stay for my next London trip,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",VILE!!!,"Stayed for one night last night, the fact we were only staying the one night is the only reason we didn't leave straight away.This place makes faulty towers look like the Hilton!! The whole place is dirty and disgusting, cannabis can be smelt everywhere, staff don't seem to really know what they are doing and breakfast well that's of the same standard as the hotel......vile, took one bite and left it, stone cold and very poor quality! We got this hotel from a travel company as part of a short break deal,to whom I will also be raising a complaint. As a travel company, I'd be embarrassed to have my name linked to anything to do with this place. How it is even open is a miracle to me. If you have any sense when looking for a hotel, AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!! 🤮🤮🤮 I have included a…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling hotel,"Very dissatisfied with our stay at this hotel, it was Faulty towers without the comedy! No members of staff spoke enough English to help with any issues and management not in all weekend. The evening meal on the first night was appalling. The room was cold and damp with condensation as the radiator didn't work, net curtains had mould. When we complained we were brought a convector heater, not the safest way of warming up a room. Next morning we put the kettle and heater on which blew the fuses several times. No hot water for a shower and the sink plug did not fit, falling down the sink waste pipe when we attempted to use it. My friends bed had six legs the middle legs on each side of the bed did not touch the floor. Friends in another room tried to run the water and the tap came…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,If this hotel hadn’t been in a good location for my visit I would not have considered staying here. The rooms were in need of refurbishment with holes in the bathroom floor and generally run down. The bed was so uncomfortable I didn’t sleep at all the first night and precious little the second night. The noise from doors closing loudly in the hallway didn’t help.,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What the hell is this,"this hotel is awful the staff are rude, they try and charge you £150 for a walking through the wrong door. The whole carpark is rented to building firm so you can't use it. The heating doesn't work and in the bathroom if you push the picture to one side you can see into the bathroom opposite.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for the price,"I wasn’t looking forward to staying here after reading all the negative reviews but it was actually fine. Ok the decor is dated but it was clean and close to the Chalk Farm underground station and the Roundhouse which is where we needed to be. It’s definitely not posh but for the cost of the stay we weren’t expecting a palace, there’s plenty of much nicer but more expensive hotels to choose from if that’s what you prefer. The staff were a mixed bunch, some cheerful others not so. Didn’t have any problems with any of them. We didn’t eat here so can’t say anything about the food. So, if your budget isn’t massive you’ll manage here.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid,"Room was very shabby and dated. Carpet had iron burn, all furniture items looked more suited to a antique shop and not in the best of condition. Both chairs had seen better days, back was broke on one and the other chair had a  broken leg. Room was very claustrophobic, decorated to a dark and dreary finish about 25 years ago, windows was barely able to open. One light fitting had no shade on it so bulb and wires was on show. Bed was very uncomfortable, pillows had no filling to them. Two guests yet only one bath towel. Tea and coffee facility in room consisted of 2 vile sachets of coffee powder and 2 tea bags, 4 sachets of milk. Not enough plugs in room, you would be unable to charge mobiles, boil kettle, have a lamp on or plug a dated heater in which  we wasn't happy to use at…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very very bad,"In fact the worst hotel I have ever been in, makes faulty towers look well run!  The staff hate all customers, expect to be treated with contempt. Every floor smells of cannabis. Holes in the doors, holes in the ceilings. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"We will never stat here again. It was dirty, the staff were rude and overall horrible. I wouldn't waste your time looking at this hotel, there are loads of places to stay for similar price. The only good thing to say about it, is that it's close by if your going to the roundhouse.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely loved the place!!,"Funniest hotel Ive ever stayed at. Didnt stop laughing from the moment I checked in until the day we left. We had been there only 2 minutes when a fella came down to reception to state that his bed and chair had both collapsed. Some while later I was in reception hearing somebody else say that the key-card was working  but the door had come off its hinges. I had booked a twin room and the table was on a 20 degree tilt. My bed stayed on its legs but I really dont know how. Room was basic at its best. Toilet came away from the wall when you sat on it and you needed the strength of Hercules to ensure that the door located properly.  In all seriousness, it really depends on what you want out of a Hotel and what I wanted was somewhere to put my head down after going to the Camden…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Arrived to be told the car park is full and nearest car park is 15 minutes away. Car park is full of work vans!!!  Receptionist is very hard to understand. We were half an hour early and told to sit and wait to be checked in. 3 people came to reception to complain about their rooms while i waited.  Stayed here before and was disappointed. I should not have returned. An utter let down. Do not stay here. Better hotels in the area. Overpriced tat.,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hell!,This was the worst place I have ever stayed!!! We arrived and got checked in the receptionist was polite enough.  We made our way to our room on the fourth floor. As soon as we exited the lift we could smell cigarettes and weed when went into our room it was so strong.  My partner went and complained and we got moved to the second floor. When walking to the room the first thing we saw was police and forensic was getting kitted out to go in the room next room! We were not warned about this!  The room was clean and a lot bigger but very dated. We booked double room but got twin beds but just kept it. We didn’t feel safe at all and made sure the door was locked! Breakfast was ok but cold.  £110 for 1 night for hell was way to much. ,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Decent enough for the money,"States for two nights with the other half in one of the downstairs rooms. I paid £140 which, for London on short notice was t a bad price at all. I've stayed in several Britannia hotels before and usually have a pleasant, no thrills stay.    The staff were friendly and were more than happy to help when asked for a couple extra pillows as the two pillows in the room were rather thin. The night staff were very friendly too.   The room itself was on the downstairs floor below street level and as such had no windows, which wasn't an issue as a fan was provided to keep the room adequately cool. Bed was comfortable enough and there was an armchair and dresser chair as well. The shower was lovely with next to no warm up time and unlike some showers...no mucking around trying to set the…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful rooms,Avoid this place like the plague unless you are hard of hearing. I stayed one night and slept very little. The walls are so thin that you can clearly hear conversations from rooms on either side. I could even hear the bed squeak in the room directly above! I couldn't sleep due to a horrible buzzing sound that seemed to be someone in the next room using an electric razor. After 20 minutes I went to reception to complain. I was told that it was the air conditioning. If they knew what was causing the noise why hadn't this been repaired? I was moved across the corridor to a room with single glazing with aluminium frames on a window that would not close. I heard every vehicle that went past. The bathrooms in both rooms were mouldy and the second room had no bedside lamp. DO NOT STAY…,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel should be investigated by health department....,"What this hotel is doing is illegal. I was given room 19, only to find black mold on walls. Tried to cancel, receptionist refused to give me cancellation receipt. Plenty of other affordable options just a few blocks away.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,Stayed for 3 nights. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. On arriving they were demanding £50 cash deposit which had never been mentioned previously by Britannia themselves. So after a long debate they agreed I didn’t have to give this. The rooms are dirty the bathroom is disgusting. Never used the shower that’s how bad it was !  This I have beecer done before. Outside stank of cannabis use. Just don’t go there,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never Staying Again,"Stayed here for 2 nights with my son 3 weeks ago big mistake the hotel is very dated and dark, check in was ok but then arrived in the room the beds clean but the frame was old and tatty but the worst thing was the bathroom. the floor was dirty with a pool of something under the sink. I should have reported it then but in a rush to get into town. I've attached some pictures make you own mind up. Will not be staying here on my next visit to London.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",National HolidayTrip,"Oh my lord where do I start ????? Please don't put yourself through this hotel it is holding together with dirt  !  We stayed at this hotel with National    Holidays  , why they us this property after all the complaints      they get is beyond me but ….  We had three rooms for my family and friends , they were all filfty, we wrote on name in the dirt when we got our room and it was still there when we left even though the room had been ""cleaned "" !!!!The room  115 which my daughter  and her friend were in had dried in sick in the carpet , dried in sick in the bed clothes , a foot snapped off the heater , which had been left plugged in and was burning the carpet, the light was hanging from the  ceiling and all the wire visible , the sink in bathroom just had a hole , no…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Can't think of a word that would be suitable,"This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in , smelly, tired and dated and thats just the reception area . We were allocated an Executive Room !!!!!!!!!!!!!!, goodness knows what the rest are like. Decent bed and clean , a wardrobe no chest of drawers shades missing from lights, badly stained WC , complete place need renovated from top to bottom As for the food, terrible, poor selection,  not hot. Staff badly in need of training.  Staff dreadful ,never enough on duty and looks like they have never received any training. A place to be avoided at all cost",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare!!!,"This is quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!  First impression on walking into reception was that the hotel was very dated and could do with a serious overhaul. It all went down hill from there.  The staff were rude and less than helpful! The hotel it’s self was very smelly and dirty.  Neither of the lifts were working(we were on the second floor and had 4 big bags) finally getting to the floor we were on the corridor stank of cigarettes!  The room was dirty, far too hot and very very dated! Bathroom was dirty shower leaked so no pressure. Bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever had the displeasure of trying to sleep in, and the noise in and around the hotel was so loud it made it impossible to sleep any way!  All in all a nightmare experience and I…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dreadful,"Hotel staff are a ragamuffin bunch who although are fairly friendly need alot more training. The food is terrible! Luke warm at best overcooked from frozen. The rooms are small, dark, smelly and in serious need of upgrading and a good clean. 100 plus rooms and 5!! Parking spaces. Wi-Fi is extra parking is extra and the lifts dont work. If it hadn't been for the fact we were in London visiting my terminally ill mother-in-law locally we wouldn't have stayed a second night. Stay away from this place until they sort it out 0 star rating.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers 2018,"I have never been on a coach holiday before and if I was to go on one again I would hope that the accommodation was better than this...I honestly don’t think it could be much worse...  On arrival the staff watched 60+ guests try and manage their own luggage from their coach, up three steps and through a revolving door without offering any assistance. I may have age on my side unlike some guests but as a Visually Impaired traveller the entrance alone is an accessibility nightmare.  The cleanliness of the rooms leaves a lot to be desired and why the room with a walk in shower aka a cupboard is on the third flloor I’ll never understand! Well, use a lift I hear you cry...if it wasn’t forever out of order we would!  Alas, surely a good evening meal will put everything into…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worse hotel I have stayed in,This is on behalf of my dad robert stoddart who is in the hotel right now.   If I could mark this a zero I would.     I am here with Caledonia travel and in the hotel at present. If I could get my wife home tonight I would.   I checked into the hotel yesterday and here for 4 nights.  I was told last week this was a disable friendly room however it’s not.  First of all I could not get my wife’s wheelchair in the door of the hotel.   I was then given a room on the third floor of the hotel with a bath. I was promised by Caledonian travel who checked with your hotel last week a ground floor room with a shower.  I cannot get my wife in and out of the bath.    Your dinner on the first night was cold and I could hardly eat it. My wife is diabetic. With half heated dinners meant she…,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It’s a dump,"Sorry for the title but this isn’t a hotel. It’s a dump. I booked a room without a window (they never said why, it’s not advertised) They put me on the second floor with a window because it’s a smoking room and I have asthma. I complained about it and the lady told me they can’t move me to a non smoking room that day because they’re fully booked and that they can put me in a non smoking room the next day but it doesn’t have windows and I have to pay £10 extra per day even if I originally requested for the non smoking room. Look at the commode, the peeling paint on the ceiling and the mold growing in one corner of the bathroom. You’ve been warned. Very sketchy people working in this place. Stay away from this place by all means. Go stay at an Airbnb!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","It's inexpensive, so expect inexpensive, but good value.","I can't complain about this hotel. The room rates for a London hotel are quite decent. My room was spacious and clean, although the carpets look tired. They had a kettle and a small selection of coffee and tea.  The staff was nice.  I did not take the breakfast package, nor did I visit the restaurant or the bar. My only complain was that wifi is only available in public areas and it does not always work. If you want wifi in the room, it's free for 20 minutes. After that, it is 7 pounds for the day.  The location is excellent. A walk to the London zoo is quite pleasant in good weather. Otherwise, there are two tube stations nearby. I'd go back.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended ,This is a really poor hotel. Check in took 15 minutes as someone had a problem. A second person was in the background but didn’t help. The room can at best be described as basic. The room wasn’t clean and there was a leak from the toilet area. I had a drink in the bar but the service was no better than ordinary. My advice would be to stay somewhere else.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"Obviously not too expensive, but for £110 we got a room in basement, no window,  smelled absolutely disgusting and old.  It was so hot at night, couldn't sleep.There was no fresh air. For this amount of money I would expect at least a clean, fresh basic room not a dungeon hole...",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Average views,Room was well laid out and comfy. Normal extras included tea and coffee with kettle.  The corridors etc on a good nosey walkabout to all floors revealed it could do with a good clean. Lovely views of the businesses across London from the higher floors.  Restaurant area clean and meals great.  All staff welcoming in all departments.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"Absolutely disgusting hotel. Rooms are dirty, food is not editable, noise constantly throughout the night, young people coming and going through the night. Staff are rude and do not care even though you are a paying guest. I would avoid this hotel at all costs. Needs a whole new refurbishment when you walk in it feels like you just walked into faulty towers! ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and dilapidated- never again,"Yes it’s relatively cheap for London area (£120). I was upgraded to a superior or executive room. I hate to think what a standard room is like. It was dirty and dilapidated. A dirty net curtain hung at a dirty window. The rail was hanging off in the wardrobe. If you looked underneath or behind anything like the tv, it was dirty and covered in dust. The carpet was stained and worn. The bathroom was tired old fashioned.  The receptionist on arrival ( I think she is and Italian lady, she certainly spoke Italian)!was friendly and polite. That is the only positive thing I can say I’m afraid. I don’t care how cheap it is, it wasn’t worth it. Never again.  ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Abomination of a hotel,"I had the misfortune of staying at this abissmal hotel on the 10th & 11th of October. On booking I paid extra and upgraded my room and and confirmation was sent to me by email of the upgrade. On arrival I paid for my stay and that included the upgrade which totalled £248:00. On my way to my room I realized how tired looking the hallway was.It was very dirty with a strong smell of stale cigarette smoke! Not a good start, on entering my upgraded room I noticed how poor the quality of the room was, the curtains were hanging off, bedding was stained, cleanliness was appalling bed side tables were stained and looked very unhygienic, in the bathroom the sink was cracked no plug, the toilet was heavily stained and the flush handle was hanging out of the wall from a concealed cistern. I…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cousy,Great Hotel in a great area 👍very clean through out. On our arrival the staffing very friendly well trained for the position. I am e joying my 3 days staying 👍I strongly advise any one to come and stay in here. Lots to see and do around the area.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It’s cheap!!!! What do you expect???,"I like it. It provides everything with no frills. The breakfast is good. I like a room with no windows as I have to sleep before going to work. Pitch black and silent. You are all aware of the price when you book. If you want The Savoy then get your card out and book it!!! The bath and shower work, the barstaff are busy but you get served, the room keys are possessed but it’s easily rectified and for £100 a night and 10 minutes stroll to Camden High Street what more do you want or expect??? I smelt no cannabis, urine, mould or anything I hadn’t produced myself in the room. Clean towels and toiletries every day and a smile when you enter through that revolving door.  Central London, Chaulk Farm Tube and Camden on the doorstep. Do it and save hundreds for all your activities. …",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Damp!,"Awful, run down hotel. Parking non exsistent and the whole place is damp. Staff friendly enough. Hair dryer in room caught fire as soon as we turned it on 🤣 What a dump! Good location to Camden Town 5 minute walk.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It's.... a bed.... I guess.....,"We stayed here for 1 night as a last minute stop. Parking was limited (only 12 spots onsite). Check in was fine, they had it all ready to go. Look, lets be honest, the hotel is older and hasn't had a good renovation in a number of years so things are looking a bit worse for wear. The staff were fine, helpful when we needed them. Things were still secure (keycard access etc etc). The room was average. It seemed clean, the linen was but the carpet was a bit :/ The noise from the road was ok, but the room was stuffy without the windows open which blew the curtains about. The food in the lobby for dinner was crap. It was oily and bland. We slept ok, but we wouldn't have stayed another night. In a pinch, its a good clean option. Great as a cheap party hotel. Think of it as a private…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One off ,It’s okay for a one off but I wouldn’t go back. It’s damp and smells damp and very dark and dingy as well as very out of date. Location good. Staff were all fine. No problems with anything when it came to check in or our key.,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia Hotel Hampstead,A very tired hotel with disinterested staff. It’s greatest attraction is its proximity to Camden Town which is only a 10 minute walk or 5 minutes to Chalk Farm Underground. Hotel needs a good makeover.,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, run down hotel","My first impression wasn’t a good one. Hotel was quite run down. The lady on reception was extremely rude to the gentleman in front of me and carried on her attitude whilst checking me in. Apart from some very mouldy net curtains and a wobbly bed, the room was quiet and clean. Although for some bizzare reason it had 6 tables and giant table lamps. The hotel was close to the station and in a quiet area. Apart from the lady on the desk in need of customer service training, the rest of the staff were pleasant.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible room in a terrible hotel ,"When I arrived, the members of staff at reception were pleasant but not friendly. I was told my room had been changed from ground floor to on the fourth floor, which I was happy about as I had read the ground floor rooms have no windows. When I got to my room, it smelt of stale cigarette smoke even though I had clearly stated I wanted a non smoking room. I had been told I was getting a room with a double bed, but instead got a room with two single beds. The linen was clean and fresh but the mattress needs replacing. I was happy for a kettle and tea bags in the room, but the mugs could do with being a little bigger. The hotel is very noisy at night. People slam doors all night long, there is shouting and at one point I was woken up by the smell of marijuana creeping into my room.…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate and matching its very competitive price,"The price matches the experience, so no massive surprise. Adequate hotel, old and as many reviews point out, in dire need of an overall refurbishment (to be clear, the decoration is truly awful and old), but you get what you pay for. I found the hotel fine for a small budget, the rooms were clean (though again very old), the bed was comfortable and there was no trouble. The room key had some issues, but the staff was very helpful and nice. The restaurant is very basic with very low prices, and there are plenty of options in the street nearby. The location is fantastic. So, if you're looking for any sort of luxury, don't go there, if you're not too fussy and after a bargain in a central location and great neighbourhood, it might work...",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely apaling Hotel,"What an absolute disgrace of a hotel near London, the rooms had no windows or air circulation and the entire hallway smelt of urine, staff were ok, I would not stay here again if it was the last place on earth.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgrace of a hotel ,"Hotel staff are utterly miserable with next to no customer service skills. £7.50 for 24 hours wifi?! Really? When you're visiting London for leisure that means you're likely to be out sightseeing all day so you're not using wifi. Kettle was broke, pretty much a fire hazard, you had to keep hold of the handle but lift it up in order for it to work, turns itself on and off. Bathroom, well the bsthroom 😳 a constant leaking bath tap, i dont mean just drip drip i mean running water. That ""stain"" in the bath, well thats not a stain thats the enamel off the bath coming away. Curtains on the window full of mould as well as window sills. I think this place needs a visit from environmental health to be honest. Would i stay here again? Absolutely not ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good visit?? You're having a laugh,"Well well well... I was physically sick at the state of the hotel and our room the hotel staff had just as little hygiene as the hotel room. When me and my partner checked In. We had booked a double room and they gave us a twin room with two single beds pushed together!! Like we were that dumb not to notice.  When we complained the staff were reluctant to give us a double room and finally said they had a family room free, which couldn't fit a family of ants in!! The room was disgusting;falling apart and facilities were not up to standard. The flush seemed like it was losing the will to live like we were after an hour of being in the hotel!!   The only thing that made our weekend was being out majority of the time because it mortified the pair of us and we couldn't sleep is the…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",hotel from hell,"When I first arrive there was a very rude guy on reception, who didn’t know what he was on about and blamed us for his incompetence.  I booked 3 double rooms which the receptionist told me several times I hadnt booked even tho I showed him the booking reference. When we went to the rooms they were shocking. The first one smelt of cigarettes smoke and the bath porcelain was coming off and it was a health hazard. In addition to that the cupboard had visible wires on show.  The second room the window was leaking in. The third room was appalling the bath had a disgusting stain over the bath. In addition I had requested a cot for my 6 month baby which they hadn’t provided so complained and then they got me one with a hole in it. So refused to put my daughter in it. Then they couldn’t…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worst ever in the U.K,"We booked with Alfa holidays for a London holiday.Alfa is NOT the best  such company we have travelled with and could be the worst.Anyway this hotel is the worst that we have stayed in in the U.K and Ireland.The staff gave me the impression that they would like to be elsewhere but not here.They came alive on our last night and thought they are after tips.TIPS!!!!!Clean the place give guests some interest and a smile.When we booked with Alfa I requested a DOUBLE room,they confirmed this on my travel itenary.When we got our room it was a SINGLE room with two single beds pushed together.The window was 2.5ft by 1ft.No drawers to put clothes in and one single wardrobe.One little piece of soap,we went out and bought our own.The eating area was terrible,I have seen better works…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting in every way ,"Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed, rooms are damp with mould all over the window frame's, eating facilities were atrocious,  won't call it a restaurant, children and vegetarians not properly catered for, my wife and kids barley ate the 1st night, food wasn't perticuly edible and we were the 1st in. My wife ended up with a salad sandwich on stale bread, kids had luke warm chips, we ended up at the local tesco express. I could write another paragraph or 2 on the hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting Hell hole: smelly, mouldy and basement rooms disgusting","Stayed here for 1 night in Aug 2018 and I was appalled at the condition of the corridors and furnishings and overall cleanliness. Was given a basement room which had rotting and stained curtains,  opaque windows with very little light and stains on the bed frame and chewing gum stuck to the bathroom floor. The sink was also blocked. The corridor down to the basement stunk of dead mouse corpses (I know that smell because I lived in London for 15 years prior to this visit and the musty almond smell is unmistakeable). On the way down to the basement rooms there is also a smelly toilet and the carpets outside reek of urine. The basement corridor also had drainage covers, which disgusted me as I feel that there should not be rooms down here next to the drainage system.The wi-fi also…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Where to do i begin.,"So me and my wife checked in and the guy at the front desk clearly didn’t want to be working there.. his attitude was terrible and didn’t offer much help,  we collected our key card and took the lift to our floor as soon as the lift opened there was a horrible smell of old cigarettes smoke, the interior design was awful...  We opened the door to our room and at first didn’t seem bad but like someone previously mentioned it was though we was in an episode of the American horror story season 5, straight away I noticed the walls were dirty, dirty hand prints and what appeared to be a red stain, food or blood...   I looked out the window and noticed the windows were  filthy, after accepting the fact this is were we were staying I went down to the bar to get a drink and whilst…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel with very poor organisation,"Booked the hotel in a room on level -1. The corridor smelt strongly of urine, and was so stuffy, I was so put off and when opening the room door, the room hadnt been made up and was still dirty from the previous people that stayed there! When complaining to the reception, they gave me a different room on floor 2, thankfully nowhere near as bad as the -1 floor. Unfortunately it was a twin room rather than a double as requested. I went back and complained again, with no apology whatsoever, they reassigned me a room again finally.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"Booked through Superbreaks the hotel is a 10 minute walk from Chalk Farm tube station, it is uphill if you are carrying bags!!! The hotel is situated in a quiet residential area and easy to find.  It is in need of a total refurbishment, our room was ok but not as shown in the photos I looked at online. The beds were clean but the furniture was shabby, the curtains were old and dirty and the nets were full of holes. As it was for a quick break it was ok for us as we were out of the hotel from morning until late. The room was very hot with no air conditioning but a fan had been provided.  It wasn’t a great room for families or anyone with small children.  We didn’t really have any interaction with staff apart from when we booked in. The entrance to the hotel needed a clean up as…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",YOU ONLY GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !!,"Very basic and 'scruffy'.  Requested a low floor double room when first booked, due to mobility problems. Upon arrival was allocated a room on the 5th floor (top floor) with faulty window being stuck open.  Others in the party, who had not requested a low floor, with no mobility problems, were given a low floor.  This only shows that it is a complete waste of time requesting anything, as it is just ignored.  Finally managed to swap rooms with another couple, but had to walk down to reception a couple of times to replace the rooms electronic faulty door card . (Good job I wasn't on the 5th. floor).  First impressions on the outside, are of a run down hotel, with the surrounds not being attended too, lots of old leaves and rubbish around the entrance, and the entrance carpeting…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place like the Plague!,"I recently had the horrific experience of staying for two nights at this dreadful hotel while in London on business. The overworked staff seemed to have given up, and a simple check-in took for ever. Parking, wi-fi, everything were added on as separate charges. My airless room was in the basement which stank from the underground sewer. There is no air-con, just a feeble dirt encrusted fan which fell to bits when I tried to use it. I asked for another but apparently they didn't have any more.   Bar service was terrible, with only one member of staff who was away from the bar more often than he was behind it. He served the waiting guests in a random order, not according to who had waited longest. A fight nearly broke out.   I (and colleagues) did go back to reception to try and…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Apart from the views an average experience,"We had the ""executive room"" on the 5th floor, which had a nice view over the city skyline but the room was very basic, no airconditioning, it was noisy in the night (sound of a washing machine), the toilet didnt work properly and the basin was cracked. I was told at first that I couldn't book a room at reception but rather had to book online. They gave me the wrong room keys at first.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Inexpensive but very dated,"If you are only planning to sleep in the hotel and spend the whole day out and about then this is just about bearable. The price paid is ok for the area, it is just the hotel is ver dated inside with no real identity. Will look elsewhere next time I’m in the area.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bad customer service,"Well, I was going to leave a pleasant review, however, I accidentally left my top in the room I stayed in, called to ask if I could pick it up and there’s “no record of the top anywhere”. I definately left it there, so either a maid has stolen it or they have binned it. The amount of times I have called and emailed with no reply is ridiculous. I just simply wanted to pick up my top, is that too much to ask? Thanks, very nice, really appreciate that. Great customer service.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A cardboard box would be more pleasant ,No aircon in rooms food just edible parking is rubbish do not waste your money. Here are a few pics of what you may meet in the dinning room apart from that there is a regular bus just out the hotel should you wish to leave in a hurry.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay,"Excellent location, near to camden market which is a fabulous place to shop for gifts and souveniers and also to eat delicious food stalls. The place is bit far away fron central london though but obviously the tibes and bus facility in london is awsome. The hotel is well managed neat and clean. The housekeeping services are good. The only problem in most of the hotels in london is that u hav to wait till 2pm for check in. All in all had a pleasant stay at hampstead britannia.😊",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother,"Stayed one night at this hotel. Dreadful, and wins the prize for the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Shower broken didn't work at all. Wallpaper ripped in places around the headboard. Tea stains down the wall. Carpet looked like it needed a deep clean. Room smelled of cigarettes. No information at all in the room about the hotel .Receptionist thought she was efficient I thought her manner bordered on arrogance. I was asked to pay £50 deposit for the room in case I damaged it. Are they having a laugh?. I asked a different receptionist when I checked out if I could claim from them as the room was not worth the money. I don't think she understood. What a horrible experience. A long walk from the tram stop.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,Drunk guest spent the night loudly vomiting. View from window is cigarette buts on flat roof - one still lit that I could smell in my room. Bathroom revolting. Faulty Towers without being funny. Avoid.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting, dirty and Downright Disgraceful","I had the misfortune to stay in this hotel from Tuesday July 17th to Friday July 20th 2018. I went on a business trip, and my boss had got into my head about keeping expenses down, so to make sure he was happy, I showed him that I could obtain a hotel in London for less than £100 per night. My colleague was also in town and I recommended he booked the same hotel as me.  When I told my boss I'd booked a Britannia, he made a sharp intake of breath, as if a plumber had just given him an estimate.  I arrived at about 3pm on the Tuesday. Stepping off the street, it was as if I had stepped into a black and white movie, and left the world of colour behind.  The decor was miserable, the furniture was miserable, the staff were miserable. Everything about the hotel screamed ""run"".  I've…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,"This hotel is by far one of the worse hotels I have had the misfortune to stay in. Girl on the desk really needs to learn people management skills. A double room was booked but my friend asked if we could swap to a twin but was told no we are full. That girl was lying. Went back down and allocated a twin by a friendly gentleman whom the receptionist started berating, how unprofessional is That! The luggage room if you can call it that is not even locked and any one can go in and out. While trying to get to sleep our light went on and the night manager walked in our room with two guests I don't know who was more shocked. Asked the next morning why this happened the same receptionist just shrugged a sorry and said it's because we changed rooms and the system hadn't been updated..…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Experience,"Booked 4 nights, and left after 1 night. Sent us to a basement unit with no power, then relocated to 5th floor room with 2"" mold around the stuck window.  Very hot and no air. Slept with the door open.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Where do I begin?,"Where do I begin?  I recently spent time in London due to my son being in hospital, and I was hoping for affordable accommodations of reasonable quality.  During the weekend of June 29th - July 1st, I had stayed at the very decent Euston Square Hotel for an incredible rate of £88 per night (via Expedia).  Unfortunately, that rate was not available for further nights -- so, I ended up at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel.  For the record, I had also booked this hotel via Expedia.  Now, I didn't expect 5-star luxury, but I also didn't expect the hotel equivalent of a virulent STD.  This place makes some third-world accommodations look like paradise!  The first room I was assigned to was on the ground level, it lacked windows, and it was unbearably stuffy (as you could imagine).  I…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Grumpy unhelpful sraff,"Just don't do it to yourself! Rude staff, baking hot room with one fan and no window. When I asked for a change of room Iwas told there wasn't one with no apolagy. I asked for a second fan, which I finally received 30 mins later because they couldn't find one  The worst customer service I have ever received. If you like yourself don't stay here, they won't even make me an Irish coffee!!!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!!!!!,"By far the no.1 worst hotel I've stayed in. The room has no Windows it's hot and stuffy. The fan just felt like someone was blowing hot air in my face. And the staff were just so miserable, un helpful and shouldn't be in customer service.  Avoid this place!!!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling customer service,"Booked a room here a week in advance to be close by to the Royal Free Hospital for our baby’s appointment in the morning. On check in even though our booking was there, they had simply sold on our room to someone else and the hotel was now fully booked.  In short they had absolutely no remorse about sending us away with our baby at 10:30pm at night with no apology or help to find another place to stay! I lost faith in humanity last night!! Really sad :(",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Sold my room,Come to book in and informed me that as I did not turn up we have sold your room that was prepaid for in advanced by my company. Also taken pay.  Would stay no there are planty of fish out there do not stay here you may be disappointed by having no room you booked.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An experience to say the least...,"Me and my wife booked a child-less weekend away in London which we were really looking forward to and after paying £115 for the room for one night including parking we were expecting a reasonable standard for this hotel, however we were left disappointed.  When we arrived at the hotel the staff seemed friendly and we checked in and went to our room. Upon arrival the room had a funny smell to it which we described as urine. The room had mould in it which can be considered a health issue for some.  The bathroom was awkward to use, especially as we had to follow certain rules to prevent the hotels fire alarms going off. It was a funny layout which left us with little leg space when using the loo. There were weird stains on the bathroom floor as well.  After going out for the…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE - DIRTY & SMELLY,"After taking an age to be checked in I went to a room that smelt of smoke - ""they had no others available?"" The soap had been used, the wrapping was still in the bin. There was a used towel on the hook and the plug didn't fit! Bed was old, mattress thin and the TV aerial not connected! Not impressed !!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if you can,"I was booked to stay here by my work. Upon checking in, I was handed the paperwork to sign and told to provide a card for payment. I told the receptionist that it should have already been paid for, she argued that it hadn't been, grabbed the paperwork and retreated to her back office without saying a word. I called my booking agent who said that they would call the hotel directly resolve the situation. By now a second member of staff had appeared but both of them decided to ignore the phone ringing until I told them to pick it up. Eventually the payment was sorted as well as a late check-out for 2pm the following day. The receptionist had become slightly less frosty by this point but I don't think we'll be staying in touch.   I had been put in a basement room. It was horrible.…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Concert,"Car park very limited and if somebody parks wrong you will have trouble getting out of it,staff not very friendly,didn't say a hello or anything,wasn't even told when checkout was,double room very basic,toilet roll holder broken,1 pillow,hard mattress ment sleeping wasn't very good,key card had to be sorted out 3 times as didn't work in the door,no information in the room apart from a snack menu,very poor for a 3 star rated hotel in London,only good thing was where it was situated,overall staff need training,rooms need updating,and so does the car park situation,oh and also no plug for the sink in bathroom",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"Stayed one night, arrived to check in and had to wait 10 minutes as it was shift change over not a good start. Hotel needs an update one of the rooms we booked had no window and as there is no air con its was over 100 degrees in there so he had to share with one of our other party. Bed was comfortable and there was coffee in the room which was the only good thing.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Could do with a referb,Hotel 5 - 10 min walk from nearest tube station direct to euston in a few mins. Walking into the hotel its like going back in time the hotel interior wouldn't be out of place in downton abbey. Its a very tired hotel. Bedrooms like my nans spare room in the 80s. Comfort is ok. If you are after a cheap hotel this can be good value but have a good look round u can get far better hotels in better locations for a similar price,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bad stay,Needed a hotel with parking as we were attending an event at Finsbury Park and then planned to go to Camden the following morning. Location wise this was great. That’s the only good point in this review. Parking was ok but could be better as upon leaving it was difficult to get out due to the way other vehicles had parked. The staff seemed lack lustre at best. We were pretty much ignored most of the time. A simple hello/good morning/afternoon would have gone a long way and maybe even a smile. Was not even asked how our stay was when leaving. Having previously worked in the industry myself I found this quite unacceptable. Maybe they don’t want to start a conversation with guests through fear of being moaned at about the rooms. The mattress was ridiculously firm. Toilet paper…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"I did not have high hopes for this hotel due to the bad reviews, pictures of rooms and previous ratings, however our stay was better than expected considering the price. The location is great for camden and is a 5-10 minute walk from camden market and town and the roundhouse music venue we were attending. It is a residential area so it was very quiet at night with no disturbances. Parking was an issue as there are hardly any spaces and you cannot pre-book and some of the limited spaces were cordoned off due to building work. One of the builders kindly opened this section to us and we had to leave our keys behind the desk which was no problem for us, but something to keep in mind if you are driving in and out during your stay. The room was very small and basic, walls were peeling…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",oh dear,"Needed a refurbishment 20 years ago. Rooms small, very warm and had to pay £5 deposit to open patio door. Shower just dribbles and cold. I pity anyone having to stay longer than a night.Do not recommend this hotel",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",non refundable,"I recently booked a night in the Hampstead Britannia Hotel on Booking.com, I inadvertently clicked the wrong date & committed to the booking, noticing this within minutes we contacted the hotel direct, a very unhelpful staff member answered the phone stating the booking system is down, we contacted Booking.com who got in touch with the hotel who stated that the booking was non-refundable... If the booking system was down how can a hotel insist it is non-refundable... we have rang the hotel several times everyday but they just hang up..... NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE CUSTOMER SERVICE, I HAVENT STAYED HERE SO IT ISN'T A VALID REVIEW, BUT IF THIS IS HOW THEY TREAT POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS THEN I FEAR FOR RESIDENTIAL CUSTOMERS..... we would really like a response from a senior member of staff…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",JConnolly,This hotel is an absolute DUMP. Tiles falling from bath. Rude staff. Asked for coffee to be told machine is broken...Asked for breakfast at 10.30... food closed..could not eat or drink at this hotel 😉 will never return or recommend this place to anyone,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location for Camden,"We stayed here for one night after a concert at the Roundhouse.   The rooms are very dated and in need of some modernisation but our room was clean and we were provided with all the necessities.  The staff seemed friendly and check in was easy enough.   The location was perfect, very close to Camden Town which meant we were able to walk back from the Roundhouse.  My only slight complaint was that the cleaner walked in our room at 9am without knocking (checkout is 11am). I would recommend using the lock on the inside to ensure the door cannot be opened.  Not a hotel for a romantic getaway but it was clean, functional and in a nice location.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"Hotel was a small room for a double. Toilet was disgusting, room stunk of damp. Iron ruined my shirt as it spat out limescale and brown stuff. Side table had so many hairs I could have made a wig. WiFi never connected. Kettle didn’t work. The list goes on...",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not what it used to be,"Stopped here for one night in a basic double room priced at £119 for B&B. Room 11 is in the basement with its windows onto the main road. There was an awful smell of damp and possibly sewage throughout the weekend. Room is certainly basic, just enough room either side of the bed. Little soundproofing, could hear every toilet and shower being used around us. Expensive drinks in the bar, where our pre night out drinks were accompanied by a mouse in the lounge. Obviously used to being there because he quite happily preened himself under a lounge table. Upside is the car parking on site, chargeable, and the buffet breakfast which was very good. I have stopped here on at least three previous occasions, when the cost of a room was a lot cheaper, and was larger and on the upper floors.…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needs work,Stayed one night whilst visiting an event in Camden. Hotel was a short walk from Camden. Rooms were basic and in need of refurbishment. Hotel desperate for modernising. Didn’t eat or drink there - didn’t look appealing. Did job for one night mind.,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear!,"This was my 3rd stay at a Britannia hotel and my 2nd stay at this particular one. I only booked the Hampstead hotel because of the location but this is definitely the last time I will stay at a Britannia hotel, partly due to the complete lack of customer service before the check in. Sorry, but I refuse to pay for a premium rate phone call and I received no response from their online contact form etc and also because the hotels are becoming more and more run down and are in desperate need of some TLC.  Ih anyone does need to reach the Britannia Hampstead hotel their e-mail address is reception713@britanniahotels.com and you will eventually get a reply from here!   For some reason Britannia hotels are extremely hot and stuffy and not being to open the windows, I thought I would be…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny, Dirty outdated room.","Arrived at the hotel and check in was simple and relatively fast. Thats just about where the good points end. Room was small, Bed covers stained - Shower in the bath looked like it hadn't seen a cleaning product in months. The curtains were hanging on by a thread and the net curtain was almost grey as oppose to white. The flush on the toilet was hanging off. The light fixtures were coming away from the wall. All in all very run down. Considering its not even a cheap hotel expected much better, cleaner and more modern - unbroken facilities. Thanksfully we were only staying the night! .. To tip off a very disappointing stay we also had to wait over 20 minutes to be served at the bar in the hotel - not becuase it was busy (there were four people already seated and no more in sight)…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value ,Stayed here overnight with a friend nice room the only thing I would say was disappointed that I paid for all you can eat evening meal but due to low Numbers wasn’t available but still done a 3 course meal for the price would definitely stay again nothing to much trouble for staff,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The prices have gone up,"Ive stayed here many times over the last few years for 1 night stays, Its a great location. I noticed that some of the hotel has been redecorated - but not to a great standard.  If you get a smoking room with a balcony you are lucky as on a hot night that is the only breeze you will get. This time I stayed I wasn't lucky enough to get the balcony room. In the room I had on the 2nd floor the window opened about an inch wide. It was stifling hot and became unbearable. This used to be fairly priced ""pay for what you get"" hotel but the prices are creeping up and it is becoming ""not worth paying for"". I haven't eaten in here as there are so many great places to eat around the local area. Going by the pictures that advertise the food I wouldn't want to eat it anyway. The staff can be…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"We booked here as we were looking to spend a day out in London before we went on our honeymoon. On arrival gaining access to the reception with two suitcases was a joke in the worlds smallest door. Then the receptionist couldn’t have been any more rude and bad mannered if she tried. Then when we’re told what room we were in we made our way down well I haven’t ever smelt a stench like it. As we got into the room the wallpaper was hanging off the wall, when you sat on the bed you could feel the bed slates! In the bathroom the glass shelf (over the toilet) was hanging off so they hadn’t put anything on it as it would of just fallen of, there was no loo roll holder and the shower was hanging off wall. We spend no longer then 10 mins in the room, was only that long as were booking…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Too highly priced for what you get,"This hotel is located in a quite neighbourhood  so not much noise from the streets at night. That is about all it has got going for it.  Wifi free only for the first 20 minutes.  Shower has no proper ventilation, they even ask via a sticker to keep the bathroom door closed during / after a shower. Otherwise it might set off  the fire alarm. This results in pink and black fungus growing in the bathroom.  The room itself also has no ventilation, no airco either. So it gets very hot in there. Windows can be openend with some effort. I had a room on the first floor, next to the kitchen ventilation. Besides the noise that generates, the smell isn't nice either.  No minibar of safe in the room available either. Beds have these old fashioned metal spring matrasses. Not comfortable at…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting,  outdated, poor customer service","I have stayed in britannia hotels before and they are generally a poor standard so took a risk with this,  but it was worse than I expected.    I checked in and was given a room in the bottom floor and as soon as you get to the corridors the stench was disgusting,  stains on carpets,  in desperate need of refurbishment.    My room was the same, the smell was foisty and awful, also in huge need of refurbishment.    The picture shows the curtains,  like this as I walked in.  That's just one curtain to cover the large window which doesn't fit in any direction.  With sunrise at 4am this is not going to allow me to have a good night sleep.  I went to reception to complain and they somehow could not understand my complaint.  Another guest wad complaining for the same smell andrew the…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Charming and friendly!!!,"Upon our arrival, my friend and I were greeted by a lovely, bubbly polish lady who checked us in promptly. As our phones had both died because I’d been on google maps all day and Paul (my “friend”) had battered instagram (he’s quite the social media trollop! Lol) the lady at reception let us use her charger! Phones juiced, we headed to our room, AND WHAT A ROOM! So clean I could’ve eat my Donna kebab off the bathroom floor. (Which Paul has been known to do LMAO!!)  After a perfect nights sleep I headed down to breakfast. AMAZING!! The choice was huge, either sausage OR bacon OR egg. Yummy . All in all a 5 star experience that I would definatly recommend.   Ample parking .",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting filthy flea pit,I visited last Thursday for two nights. When I arrived it was too early to check in and asked if they would look after my case until check in. A rude staff member of staff said I could (there was another guest wanting to do the same) she tutted and pointed at a room off the foyer which was unlocked. The room looked like a junk room. Filthy and very untidy also unlocked. We weren’t very happy and asked for tag receipts for our bags. She got stroppy and basically said we were stupid as ‘surely you’ll recognise your own bags’ unhappy we asked for her name. She refused to give it. We asked to speak to a manager. The front of house manager appeared and said she was right to refuse and also refused to give hers. I compared their service to the charming staff at the Best Western Palace…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful ,"Where to begin!, check in took forever. Got to the room on the 2nd floor window was wide open no safety catch at all. Bathroom floor was stained, furniture was shabby. Got to the bar at 10pm to be told to wait as the barman was counting change, then no dry wine no baileys in fact hardly any stock. Menu was on the table, if the food was as bad as the spelling then help us all. The staff really could not give a damn. Never again!!!",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No thank you,"stayed here for one night. Looks like a 1970s block of maisonettes and not a good block at that. . room scores  3 out of five. staff need to learn how to smile and again how to converse with guests. The hotel states parking on site. Be aware that it is VERY limited and has a 2M height limit so van drivers beware. The bar menu sounds cheap for the location of the hotel, but have you ever had chicken pie served with crisps and lettuce????? i kid you not. Nice pub round the corner.Now when i say nice, i mean decor wise because the beer is like cold tea.Its not bad value for the area of London, but get a hotel outside and travel in if you like the better hotels. Would i stay here again? yes if someone else was paying!!!",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needs updating,"My daughter and I stayed at this hotel and found it was in dire need of updating! We were very surprised that we had to pay an additional £7 for each device for WiFi in our room, whilst they had it in the lobby. Also the staff did not seem happy. I asked about some information about directions to the zoo but they didn’t have a clue, as a hotel in the area they should be able to give some information about the local area. For the price a very disappointing stay!!",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",If you want windows and ventilation..,"Staff polite, hotel from outside and in reception looks fine, there it stops.  Three of us had rooms doubles, one of us was a smoker.  The two non smoking rooms were in the basement which has NO WINDOWS or natural ventilation.  The stench of damp and sewerage was more than apparent in the basement corridor and the room faired little better.  Although it was repressive and lack of air, it was clean enough for one nights stay. Because of the smell it put me off eating and drinking the water there- fact.  The SMOKING ROOM had a balcony and was better full stop with out the nasty smells and had a better view of the city. Ironically here’s the rub, Book a non smoking room over any other room , then I think your stay will be adequate.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not a nice experience,"Looked nice from the outside went into the reception to check in, there was 3 of us I told the woman I had 2 rooms booked under two names she didn’t understand and took her ages to find our reservation, she finally gave us our room number and a quick instruction how to get there didn’t tell us any breakfast times or any of the important information that usual hotels tell you, got to the single room and there was damp all up the wall under the tv screen a funny smell was surrounding the room there was no windows or air conditioning I went down to the desk to complain only to have the woman have no clue what to say about it just stood staring with a blank expression no apology or solution the manager came and again was no help he just offered us another room when we asked if any…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Difficult to know what to say,"Where to start? Hotel appeared to be clean. Room was ok. Very dated. In April, reception area warm hot, humid. Room also very warm and difficult to ventilate as window opens 3 inches. Location is great. Price for what you get is high.  Would I recommend it? I’d have a look around first for something else.  2.5 stars at best. ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"Not the cheapest, certainly not the best but adequate. Desperately in need of a refurb throughout, staff are on the whole okay although presentation needs improvement; ill fitting suits and unironned  shirts seem to be a fashion in there! Breaky was okay though.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ropey! ,"Went for this place because it was near by by for the event we were going to, group of friends who are fine with basic, but this place was basic but not really clean, rubbish piled up in the reception area, and the sort of place you want to avoid touching doors! Bed was clean, bathroom needed a good scrub, tooth past on the mirrors, taps dirty  and black stuff in the bath and towels that had seen better day. Massively overpriced, because of location, right off Primrose Hill, but at best this is a £50 a night room. ",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","not to bad, very thin walls!","A very dated hotel which didnt overly bother me. From reading other reviews I think I got lucky however as my room was pretty clean and nice, how ever a little dusty. Very Very thin walls, I was in london for a purpose (as in not lesiure) and I could either people walking down the corridor and tv from the other rooms and them talking etc. It was also very warm which I imagine being a pain in the summer. Its a cheap hotel however in a good locaation for what I needed it for.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty disgusting health hazard,"Dirty duscusting smelly health hazard hotel I've ever been to. Mice in dining room and bar which staff thought was funny, even though we pointed out that cereal had been left out and next days cutlery left on tables for next day, specified a disabled room which turned out to have a large post leaving a disabled person no access to bathroom or bed in wheelchair, unhelpful surly staff you had to speak to at least twice before getting answered. Dirty feaces stained toilet in room, mattress with spring poking into you, heating broken, smell of cannabis so strong in corridor I was coughing for the 2 nights we had to stay there. On pointing this out staff member went to a specific room straight away so must have known who it was. Kitchen doorway showed signs of chewing and dirty…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!!,"What an absolute disgusting hotel!!, if you can get past the smell when you are in it only gets worse. The reception staff are rude and very snappy.!!. We were given our room key (409). When we went into the room the shower had not been finished, there was plaster all over and lots of mess in the main room. Also no TV!!.   We contacted reception who moved us moved but that also had it problems!, none of the plug sockets worked. The bed was like a prison bed with a 3 inch thick mattress!!,  This hotel is very run down and I would not recommend anyone booking this ",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",dirty and very smelly,"Arrived at this hotel on friday evening.We walked into the reception area and everything seemed ok.We received a key and stayed in our room on the 2nd floor. As we strolled out of the lift we noticed that the corridor looked rather run down and in need of a lick of paint. When we entered our room the window was wide open, as it was raining heavily and around about 2 degrees outside, it was absolutely freezing.We closed the window and turned on the radiator,oh dear this didnt work,great we thought.Lucky for us the  hotel generously offered us a electric fire, which took quite some time to heat up. But the worst was the extremely offensive smell of damp bacterial odour that just lingered in the air for 3 days whilst were there,my fresh clothes actually started to smell like the…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","The 70’s called, they want their hotel back","Basil Fawlty would feel very at home behind the ‘vintage’ reception desk.   If you listened carefully, you could almost hear Basil berating Manuel and see the Major having a drink in the bar. I’d swear I saw Cybil outside with her golf clubs, but it could have but it could have been a wrinkle in the time paradigm.   Anyway, the bed was comfy and the tv was the only nod to the 21st century! It was colour and flat screen!! The remote even worked!   Unlike Fawlty Towers, the staff are friendly and accommodating too.  But don’t expect too much and you won’t be disappointed. If you just want somewhere to rest your weary head, it’s fine. If you want 5* decor and room service. This is not the place for you.   ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad but I think we got lucky,"Overall it was OK, but I feel that we got lucky compared to some of the other reviews and the complaints we overheard from other customers in the hotel.  Positives: - Close to Chalk Farm tube, and easy walking distance to Camden Town. - Quiet neighbourhood, felt safe walking back at night. - Bed + pillows were decent  Negatives: - Room was very hot even in April, had to open window. Must be boiling in summer. - There was a loud humming noise all night for both nights - maybe a fan running in another room? - Poor sound insulation, could hear everything happening in the hallway - Booked a double but had two single beds pushed together - Stain on bedding - Dated decor that felt a bit grubby - The leaflet in the room gave instructions on using the phone, but there was no phone in…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It was okay.....,"Reading other reviews I think we was lucky with what we got!! Atleast the room was reasonably clean apart from lipstick stains in the bed sheets and the loose floor in the bathroom. Our was room was boiling even with no heating on, i cant imagine how hot it would have been in the summer. The worst was a constant droaning noise that started in the evening and carried on till about 9 in the morning. Maybe a generator? Luckly I had brought ear plugs but you couldnt sit back and relax. We also booked for a double room but we got a twin with two beds put together, so not the most romantic of get aways! Dated interior, but with a bit of a fix up this could be a nice hotel. The staff we met where friendly and accomodating,",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",POOR IN EVERY WAY AND RUDE COMEDY READ BELOW,"ok so i book 3 days here to use as a base . i check in room 1 stank of damp and what could only be described as stale urine !!! got moved   room 2 in the wardrobe as i was unpacking 3 soiled and used condoms tied to the ironing board  so eventually got room 3.  I go to the restaurant at 545 pm it was empty not a person there so i went to the bar i only wanted the burger,chips and drink they advertise all over the hotel... to be told sorry we cant serve you that.!!  ok i ask for fish and chips  same response....i can have the set 4 course or nothing ..i demand to speak to Elena  ( front of house manager apparently )  i tell her she says she go ask chef  HER RESPONSE IS SORRY HE WONT COOK THAT  and she walks off, so i now getting fed up on day 1 !!   dAY 2 9AM  I GO for breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What a bizarre place! ,"The Hampstead Britannia is bizarre experience. If you’re looking for a basic, non-fancy room for a business trip then it might just meet your needs. My room was fine, the bed was actually very comfortable and my shower was decently hot. Coupled with a small wall TV and basic tea making facilities, it’s not a bad little stay for the location/access to London. Staff were friendly too. However, there were a few things that made staying at this hotel an unsettling experience. While the room was to a half decent standard of cleanliness, the halls on the basement floor reeked of urine. They were totally unsanitary and I found a couple of abandoned drinking glasses as I passed by. Horrible! Also, as I was leaving for work one morning, a lady was at reception complaining that there had…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Situated not far from the city center. Quiet neighbourhood decent beds, baths and a great breakfast☺ All comes at a reasonable charge and the staff are quite helpful! With a little bit of doing up this hotel could   be better...",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Perfectly acceptable for what you pay, a pleasant & convenient stay.","Booked a standard double room as we were attending an event at the Roundhouse, which is just a 10 minute walk away. The terrible reviews I’d seen nearly put me off but I’m glad they didn’t in the end. I don’t get what all the fuss is about. Friendly check-in staff, comfortable room, good location & overall excellent value for money as other hotels in this area would cost a lot more. Wouldn’t hesitate to stay again. Maybe just needs a bit an interior refresh & I would then have rated this hotel as very good.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Certainly the worst place at which I have ever stayed,"Certainly the worst place that I have ever stayed, not just hotels all types of accommodation. I can only speak about the cheap rooms in the basement, perhaps as you go higher things get better but when you book a room for £52 you expect a lot better than a grubby little unventilated, overheated hole with no windows, a broken toilet seat and toilet paper holder and a dirty carpet. The bed linen was clean and for this I will award them one star. Worst was to come, when I started to go to sleep the big romp began next door. I must congratulate the couple in the next room for their staying power (maybe there was more than two) but the cries of sexual delight from the participants went on and on and on, passing through the uninsulated partition with little loss of decibels. At just…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"It was passable.  The bed was comfortable and the shower was hot. Oh, and the breakfast was very good. However, the room was very tired with an extremely grubby carpet and the bathroom smelled a bit unsavoury. I'd paid for dinner on both nights and was then informed at 7pm that they were only doing the bar menu. I complained and was given a complimentary drink the following night, however they also weren't doing a proper meal on the second night. I do think that it was an incredibly expensive stay in a hotel that is definitely not up to scratch. I would not recommend this hotel and unfortunately this experience has left me wary of the whole chain.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or245-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!! ,"When me and my girlfriend arrived we were immediately disappointed. I had booked a double room but we were given a family room which was unbelievably dirty! Hairs in the bed, around the sink, stains down the toilet and in the bath. There was blood stains in the bed! Plugs hanging off the walls, no privacy as there was a joining door to the next room so could hear everything they were saying, could even hear them having a shower! We went down and complained, we got changed to an executive room which was meant to “be the best”, which is a every overrated phrase for this room, nothing executive about it, just bigger. Radiator was on full heat all night and day without any way to turn it down or off. Hotel in general is very outdated, needs a lot of work done to it. Lifts sound as…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or245-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Mercy dash,"My son was admitted  suddenly to RFH so needed a room near hospital. My husband booked it whilst I was en route. The staff were very kind and helpful. The whole hotel needs a re furbish but my room was clean,quiet ,warm and comfortable. What more could I ask for? Tea./coffee making facilities hairdryer,tv etc everything you need.  Enjoyed my visit to the hotel ,good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or245-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"My daughter and I had booked for 1 night. I arrived first, the receptionist was very abrupt because I didn’t know my daughter s post code. When I eventually got the key he had given us a small double bed .the room was freezing and condensation was running down the window.we were given a twin bedded room then which was a bit better but still cold. The bath was cracked and very stained.  Luckily we had only the one night booked. Definitely would not stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or245-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not a Hotel - Used for those on the housing waiting list,"We booked in to this hotel on 3rd March 2018 for one night - thank god it was not more!  We had an event to attend in Camden and thought that booking in for the night was a wise idea - how wrong we were!  Upon arrival the hotel had no record of our booking, it took some time to sort out and during this time we noticed the hotel staff seemed to be more than familiar with their 'guests', in fact they appeared to be long term residents. Whilst this is not unusual in some of the more prestigious hotels we have visited, and indeed it might show good customer service, there was something different about this situation.  On further investigation it appeared that the hotel, almost in its entirety, was filled with people currently waiting on the local housing list! This is not something…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or245-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Will not return. My suggestion is to avoid,I was going to Camden for a little trip to Camden from a Thurday to Friday with my boyfriend so just wanted to book something average that wasn't too pricey as we didn't see ourselves spending too much time in the room. This place however was not even basic clean I was expecting - The toilet roll holder centre was missing. - There were small brown marks of dirt on the shower tiles. I do not want to know what they were! - There was a used shower gel bottle stuffed behind the shower like (clearly not through cleaning) - There was non-slip bath mat which I'm sure used to be white but was now a browny yellow - The pillows were so flat they were nearly non-resistant - The tv brightness was so dark I could hardly see and the menu on the controller didn't work so was unable to fix. …,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or250-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"My room was wrong, I received a twin instead of a double. When I mentioned this to see if there was anything they could do they blamed a hotel booking website even though I booked direct so I knew he was talking rubbish. They said they had no doubles so I stayed where I was, I did get a free meal though. The food was surprising one of the better parts of my stay. The windows were bad for letting in noise, I was warm enough though. The sink wouldn't drain and then had bits floating up from the pipe into the near standing water. And on the morning I was leaving I attempted to make a drink but the cups were dirty as was the tray the cups, tea etc were stored on.  The sheets and throws etc for the beds were not very clean. The shower was quite good. The whole place was very dated. I…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or250-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Dated, cold, grubby",Stayed one night on a last minute booking and was drawn in by the price. I should have known better. It was snowing outside and the room was freezing with no heating control. I didn’t ask reception for a heater as it was already bedtime. I slept fairly well although there were planes going over fairly loudly even at 10:30pm. Generally a bit run down and in need of some TLC but I guess not bad for the price.,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or250-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Scummy ,"Scummiest hotel I've ever stepped foot in! I wasn't expecting much but this has by far outdone any expectations! Broken tiles, dirty floors, rude staff, the list is endless! Avoid at all cost!! The only good thing I can say is it's an ok ish location. ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or250-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected !!!,"Hotel location great with a pub,tesco express,cafe,bakery,pharmacy etc all only a 5 minute walk from hotel and tube station also only a 10 minute walk away.Primrose Hill Park is also close by if you fancy some green space.On to the hotel which was definitely better than i expected after reading some of the reviews.The room that was given was called an executive double so maybe there were other standards of rooms,but my room was large and comfortable,the bathroom needed updating especially the shower/bath,but the carpet looked new and there was no outside noise,which is a luxury in London.The breakfast was adequate,it was of the all you can eat variety,only downside was the cooked breakfast was not very hot,probably need to cover the food with lids on hotplate but overall a…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or250-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",S***hole . Rude staff AVOID,"I stay in many hotels and this is the worst. We paid in advance for the car park and then we got there it was full.  Staff was rude looked like he's been slapped or needs one . Rooms the worst bathroom has graffiti . The beds are the worst and then there is no remote for tv . Worst place ever ,if I can give minus rating It would get the highest of the lowest.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or255-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Not brilliant, but not the worst","Needed a base for one night as heading for a night out in Camden, and it fitted the bill. Beds were a little on the small and not the comfiest, and the shower desperately needed replacing as it was was more a trickle and very old.  Handy base to get to Chalk Farm Tube and onto the Northern Line.  Not much else to say really, it served it's purpose!",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or255-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but rubbish,"Stayed here from 12th - 16th Feb 2018 for work purposes, it states there is a car park but parking is horrendous, it has a few spaces at the front of the hotel for parking which again you are lucky if you can get one.  The window in my room would not shut properly so you can imagine how cold it was, I asked at reception on numerous occasions for this to be dealt with but this was not dealt with and no one came to fix it.  If I have to work in this area again I would definitely not be staying in Britannia Hampstead.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or255-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money.,"Stayed overnight, clean, and welcoming. Not palatial but comfortable enough. Very helpful and obliging staff. Lovely hot water from the shower, toiletries provided. Food excellent. Good location for getting into London. Only down side- the beds are a bit hard.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or255-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and Comfortable,"This hotel is situated about 10 minutes' walk from Chalk Farm underground station. It is about 2 minutes' walk from a group of shops including a pub, Costa, and a Tesco Express or something similar. The bar is handy if the weather is poor and the meals are buffet style and of a good quality. The staff were friendly but on my last night one of them knocked on my door at about 1pm in the morning and by the time I got to the spy hole I saw him walking away. I never discovered the reason for this when I checked out a few hours later but the rest of my stay could not be faulted.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or255-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly adequate!,Booked this as a bargain price and parking in a great location! Was very curious/nervous after reading all the reviews slating the place!  We found it perfect for what we wanted! It is not glamorous but the room was spacious and clean enough. The bathroom was fine - again not glamorous but all usable and had a nice hot shower. Breakfast was a little pricey at £12.50 each but we were happy with it. The room and entire second floor did smell very strongly of cigarettes but otherwise were happy with our stay!,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or260-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't book this hotel,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. From the moment I walked in I was ripped off to the tune if almost £100. I originally booked a room for 2 adults and a 13 year old. They allocated me a standard twin. I wrote them a email which they obviously ignored and the charged me the £100 for the upgrade. Adding fuel to the fire when going on the web site that evening I found the room that I was allocated was advertised at the price I originally paid. It went from bad to worse. The room was poorly laid out. It was dirty. We had to get someone up to close the Windows, then we found that the radiator was blasting out full on heat and the control was broken. The staff were indifferent, discourteous and rude. Did I say that the cleanliness left a lot to be desired. The free Wi-Fi…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or260-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Rather stay in the slums,"We were booked in through our company for 3 nights. Unfortunately there was not much we could do about this. The hotel is old fashioned, hideous and the embarrassingly dirty. As I opened the door the stench of cigarettes was horrendous. There were stains all over the carpets and all up the walls. The room was an absolute tip. The loo roll had not been changed since the last guests/victims visited. The bathroom had not been cleaned and after a long day at work all I wanted to do was take a shower and go to bed, however the bed also had stains all over it and dirt all under the bed sheets. I WOULD NOT LET MY WORST ENEMY STAY IN SUCH FILTH. We had no option but to stay here even after complaining to my company about the place. It is not value for money, as I cant even believe they…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or260-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Like it. Great staff welcome. Lovely location,"I've stayed a huge number of Britannia hotels. I always read the reviews and now laugh.  When you go to look for a buffet hotel because you want a cheap deal why when you get that deal do you then complain. Arrived here yesterday at 3pm.  The young lady on reception was very welcoming and booked us in told us where there was shops and a very good bar for food. Giving us a small map..  We went to the room. Large, decent size bathroom and all nice and warm. Anyway we think it's a really lovely location, bus just on the corner to go anywhere and tube just 5 mins walk so all in all great.  If you are looking for a great deal price wise, good location don't read the reviews, yes there are things that need doing and as with all hotels they never stop working on it, if it were all…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or260-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby and Unwelcoming,"This hotel is pretty grubby. The wallpaper is dirty, the cups and glasses in the room were dirty, the first floor stinks of smoke despite being non-smoking. My room was freezing because the window was so thin - the hotel provided an electric heater. The guy on front desk was really unwelcoming... didn't even say hello - even after I said hello to him. He just looked at me until I told him my name. The first thing he said to me was the price of the room. Even after I came back in the evening, the same guy was on the front desk; I said ""Good evening"" to him. He didn't even reply. I would not stay here again. There are many better, cleaner places with better customer service than here for a similar price.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or260-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible dirty place,The rooms smell bad.  The bathroom is dirty the hotel lobby was dirty and smell like animal feces.  The front desk person had us wait for 20 minutes to check in.  He had an attitude when asking questions.  The rooms are suppose to be non smoking but the hallways and room smell like smoking.  Very disgusting place.  I would never recommend this place to no one.,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or265-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful ,"We stayed here whilst working in the area, for the price it was spot on, we checked in at the early of the morning and there was a bar area to get a warm drink which was good, the rooms was basic but served what we needed, I would stay again if working in the area. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or265-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby but bearable,The rooms smelled. The sheets were stained. Water problems- one whole morning there was no warm water in the winter. No control over the temperature of the room. The phones in the rooms didn't work. No coffee set up in the room. No concierge. Poor customer service. Claimed that lobby had 24/7 free WIFi but that was a ruse. You have to pay 9 pounds for a day of wifi on just one device! Damp and a bit mildewy.   On the plus side - in a good location. But very much a motel type experience.,Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or265-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,Despite its poor reviews i found this to be excellant value for money.No sewage smells.Réception was slightly slow.The room was a reasonable seize.Small bathroom with shaker.Teasmade and s'allume tv.You crtC11 from the stand opposite which takes you to Belsize Pari Station.Must be a reasonable place for a short stay.,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or265-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Smelt of sewage, unclean and poor - Stay here if you want to travel back in time...","Upon arrival, the whole of the hotel absolutely STANK of sewage. The whole place smelt disgusting. The room wasn't very clean, the bathroom needed a proper clean as there was still dust and hair from other people and the sink was absolutely filthy, the drain was full of gunk and just gross. Don't stay here if you're looking to stay in a clean hotel. The staff didn't even mention the smell or say that they were doing anything to sort it... Also, the wifi in the reception is rubbish, and having free wifi in the room might have helped to distract from this incredibly poor hotel. Stay here if you're looking to travel back to the 'Good old days'.... LOL",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or265-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Was expecting worse but was pleasantly surprised,"I looked at the reviews of this hotel after booking it and wondered what on earth would greet me on arrival. But i was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, the bathroom was spotless. The sheets were freshly washed. Check in was polite and easy. Breakfast was lovely. Either a cooked breakfast, cereal or fruit and yoghurt. Coffee was nice. The location was great. Only thing that let it down was a slight smell of cigarette smoke. Could do with a spray of febreze.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or270-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, we never come back","We've stayed in this hotel on 30th November. We came to celebrate wife's birthday a visit Winter Wonderland. Unfortunately we have to say that was absolutely shocking. We checked in at 2pm, went into the double suite. In the room was single bed instead of sofa and just 1 chair, so if we wanted to watch TV one of us had to sit on single bed. We gone to the bar hal an hour later. We've been waitimg 30 minutes there and nobody comes. Bar was full of dirty glasses. So after waiting 20 minutes we went to Winter Wonderland. We came back at 19:30 and room was absolutely freezing. We rang reception and ask for heater. We went down to the bar to have glass of wine and order some bar food. We sat down a see some couple to eat dinner and feed barking dog directly from plate. We've been…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or270-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite the worst hotel I have stayed in ..but close ...,"We booked this as a one night stay as attending a gig at the Roundhouse...the location is great for that but that's were the description great ends...we walked in and were hit by the smell of sewerage..there was another couple at the desk asking for a room change due to the bad smell  ..we got to our room, it was ok but very tired, not as clean as I expect, strange mark on the walls, some round pin plug sockets, although found 2 normal ones also, the bathroom is tired and needs fixing up, sealant coming off and the shower has a spurt of water firing in an odd direction from a leaking joint, the toilet did not flush well, the quilt was beyond thin and the whole room just did not feel clean, there is an old style key on a huge key fob, the staff are not readily available, and when…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or270-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",BY FAR THE WORST HOTEL!!! AVOID!!,Yes we read the reviews before but chose to book as we thought 'cheap and cheerful only getting our heads down' we never thought it could be as bad as it was and I mean it was bad and that's no exaggeration... where do I start....   We walked through the door with low expectations and we're greeted by a stench that turned our stomachs... we walked down a corridors after getting keys and cleaning staff had masks on which we thought was very odd  ( the stench was even worse )  On entering the room none of the plug sockets worked so I complained and asked to be moved due to this and the smell... at this point the young lady decided to finally explain why it smelt so bad (pipes problem)   In the new room we had a nice view but the room was disgusting on a scale from 1 to horrendous…,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or270-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL I'VE EVER STAYED IN!!!!!,Me and my girlfriend stayed in this hotel I have never been anywhere as bad in my life I am an ex squaddie and used to say I could sleep on a washing line!!! I have had better nights sleep in holes I've dug myself whilst on exercise. The hotel was filthy all the carpets had bits on them and just to finish it off we saw the maid cleaning rooms with a mask on if I could of got a picture to show you I would of. Seriously don't book here you'd have a better night on the streets with the homeless if I could give it 0 stars I would. Then just to top it off on the last day the water went off I couldn't brush my teeth or flush the toilet all in all a horrible place I will never go back again this place should be shut down!!! ,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or270-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent if you happen to be a timetraveller from the 70s,"So my partner and I won tickets to go and see a boyband and at INCREDIBLY short notice (24 hours) we had to book train tickets and a hotel.  Warning signs blared when we saw that the outside was incredibly worn-out and grubby looking; however, I figured that perhaps the inside would vindicate it, and on first glance, it looked quite nice! Obviously trying to be some grand old hotel in what looked like an apartment block, but otherwise alright. The staff at the desk were okay (I can't really speak for sustained attitude, for I literally didn't see anyone at that desk the rest of the time we were there) and we got our key (old-style key - not very secure, but what's good for my house is good for my hotel room I suppose).  We stepped out of the lift to the smell of smoke. Either…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or275-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap option in upmarket neighbourhood - but you get what you pay for.,"The best thing you could say about the Britannia is that is is tired... oh, and the staff do there best in trying times. Faded rooms, mismatched wall plugs, chips, tears, stains, thin sheets... We were without water for 36 hours at one point - which meant strategic toilet flushing. On enquiring about shower options I was given a litre bottle of sparking water - well that was the most spritzy wash I've ever had! Breakfast was good and I enjoyed the cosy hotel bar.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or275-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable Price,"With a late night office outing in Camden Lock, this was the nearest reasonably priced hotel I could find. It cost £69 for a twin (with no breakfast). The room was warm and clean and the bed firm and comfortable.  I arrived on foot, it’s only a ten minute walk from Chalk Farm underground station and easy to find. I think there is charge for parking in their carpark and also a surcharge for using credit cards (not debit cards).   The bathroom had a bath with a powerful shower over it. There was an ironing board and iron, as well as a hairdryer in the room.  My room was overlooking the main road, Primrose Hill,  but the double glazing worked well. However on the opposite side of the road there is major building work and the angle grinder at 8.30 was an alarm call that the double…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or275-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"I attended a business meeting at this hotel and it couldn't have been worse! The room hadn't been set up and we wasted an hour waiting for it to be set up. Although it was snowing outside there was no heating in the room, and we had to keep our coats and scarves on for several hours while the hopelessly inadequate fan heaters barely raised the temperature. Having previously been told we could order soup or baked potatoes for lunch, we were told there was no chef and they could only give us sandwiches. Oh and predictably, given everything else, the coffee and tea were tepid! We will never use this hotel again.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or275-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel is extremely poor, absolutely reeks of cigarette smoke.","Hotel looks tired from outside, and also from inside. My room stank of stale cigarette smoke, although the cleaning staff had left the windows open. People are obviously smoking in rooms, and I should have been told in advance that my room was a smoking room.  Room was extremely tired, used towels instead of walking on the carpet.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or275-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly helpful staff but hotel tired and damp,This is very cheap only £110 per night and a good location - short walk to Camden market   We were in the basement which Is damp and smells foisty - the common areas are very tired and the furniture held together with tape -however staff very helpful and friendly and although tired the room and bathroom were clean ,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or280-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel for the price.,"Staff were very helpful and friendly. Room was big and alot of room to move around. We took our small dog and it costs an extra £10 but well worth it. Comfy bed, clean bathroom, clean room and good heating for this time of the year. Starbucks 1 minute walk up the road and also a tesco express. We also ordered food from outside the hotel and they were perfectly fine with this.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or280-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very low standard accommodation.,Wasn't expecting much but had booked an 'executive' room to have a wide bed and the reception team confirmed this but it wasn't.  Everything is tired.  The toilet was broken.  The room was either too hot or too cold.  The bed was worn out.  I agree it is cheap but with a little effort it could be a lot better.  Avoid if you can.,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or280-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap Hotel next to a fantastic location,"Booked this hotel for a weekend getaway in London with my partner and 2 other couples.  We were seeing a gig at the Roundhouse in Camden.  Hotel is tired and in need of some TLC but for a weekend it was just what we needed, a bed for the night.  Don't expect high end luxury as you will be sorely disappointed.  The rooms were modest but functional and clean.  We were located in the basement which after reading some of the trip advisor reviews were very hesitant of accepting but it turns out it was fine.  Shower was quite powerful so after a day of trekking London was great to blast our tired muscles.  Hotel has a small bar area and the staff are very friendly.  We didn't eat here as there are better places to eat in Camden town.  If you are looking for a cheap hotel that is…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or280-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Only one word to describe this hotel - DISGUSTING,"Filthy everywhere, broken furniture, no working lights, no working phone. Add to this their “couldn’t care less” attitude and refusal to refund balance of stay as I couldn’t wait to get out of this dump and you can understand the plethora of terrible reviews",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or280-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Functional.,"Booked into here with my other half for accommodation close to Camden. It was chosen as it was cheap (for London) and in walking distance of Camden High Street.  It fulfilled this brief well. The hotel has seen better days but was clean, tidy and functional. The staff were helpful, the bar acceptable (for when we returned from the gig we were attending) and all in, it fulfilled it’s need well.  The only hiccup was the noise generated by the occupants of the neighbouring room. A quick call to reception saw them politely ask them to keep a lid on it. Well handled by the staff.  It’s not the Ritz, but it worked.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or285-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not great ,We got pizza delivered too our room from somewhere else. Rooms were okay not best but for a cheap hotel you can expect too much. There’s no parking which is annoying. It is quite far away from London central. Wouldn’t recommend ,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or285-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dump,"Booked four nights via an Alfa coach holiday. The place is a dump. Carpets coming apart, seats duct taped together. Internal room, no window, no air con, unbearably hot and it’s October! Should have gone to travel lodge! ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or285-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking! Don't stay!!!!,Booked a 2 night stay last weekend. Firstly the hotel is very dated and smells. We were put in a basement room. The corridor leading to the room has a number of drain inspection chambers so guessing by the horrific smell we were right above the drains! Being in the basement the room had no windows or ventilation. The extractor fan in the bathroom did not work so it all smelt of damp. The bed was an old coli sprung one with paper thin sheets and a stained pillowcase. We asked to be moved but were greeted late at night by a rude and unhelpful night porter called Kaz who had no interest and made no effort. He said that the hotel was fully booked. This was clearly not the case. Next morning we were given a newer refurbished room and the ground floor again with no window. It was…,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or285-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"First thing - it's a great location , perfect for north London. It also has a bit of a grotty car park, which although tight and full of rubbish is again good for the area.  The hotel itself is terrible, dirty , old , noisy - my room was next to the lift shaft with continuing noise and shaking.  The bed was hard, thin pillows and quilt.  Smelly and some of the clients appear very dodgy.  The card machine didn't work so had to pay in cash.  Loved its position , but would advise against using it. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or285-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated,"My young son and I stayed here for 2 nights - the food was dire on an evening - breakfast was good - lace curtains very dated and dirty ! Location of hotel was good though 5 min walk to a tube, staff not very friendly but I guess that's London for you !",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or290-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Stayed here last week and hopefully will never have to stay again. I arrived to find my vehicle could not fit in the car park due to the height barrier.I asked the lady in reception for advice on alternative parking but she spoke little English and could not help. The hotel is very run down,dirty and in need of a revamp. My room had a grimy feel to it and a couple of the floor tiles in the bathroom were loose with sharp edges. I didnt bother eating in the restaurant as didn't fancy it due to the general feel of the hotel.Had a walk into the nearby high street and enjoyed a meal in a restaurant there.Upon returning there were a few residents sat on the steps outside reception smoking weed. Save your money and go elsewhere!",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or290-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No just No,"Smells of smoke, weed and none of it fresh. Can't wait to try breakfast. Guy at the bar said don't drink the water and he'd rather brush his teeth with Stella .Other than that...... PS before anyone asks- this was booked by an agent. I'll be having a word",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or290-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting do not stay here,We were allocated rooms in the basement which was pretty much like staying in a dungeon. The stairs down stank of urine and there was no natural light. The only saving grace was that the bathroom was clean. The rooms and corridors smelt of damp and mildew. Do not stay here!!!!! The rest of the hotel is dated.  The breakfast was cold and coffee was like treacle. Awful hotel.,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or290-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",2 out of 3 aint bad,"When we entered the Hotel there was nobody at the Reception. When they came they tried to check us in but there was a couple of queries with the booking but we managed to sort them.  My colleagues room wasi the basement & the corridor looked like something out of a horror movie. There was also a very strong smell of damp. The whole Hotel is very tired looking & in desperate need of a revamp.  My room was better on the 5th floor because it was a Double executive room. My other colleagues room was similar to mine, no smell of damp but very tired. My room was only £120 room only for the night so maybe this was the reason the hotel wasn't great.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or290-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty shocked!!!,"So I am in my room as I write this. It was booked for me on behalf of the company I work for. Basicaly I was asked to pay for it upon arrival despite my company having confirmation of the booking confirmed. They would not let me into my room as they needed a company headed letter which I didnt have as only my 2nd week in the job. Contacted my boss for him to deal with but the hotel could not take payment without him present. Now given the fact he was other end of the country., I didnt bring any cards with me and I didnt have any cash left with 1 option.  That was to go back to the office to sleep - then the receoptionist said I could pay £20 deposit then the payment woul have to made via an email adress and a confirmation from from my HQ!! In the end i didnt have to sort a…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or295-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Very hot, very expensive","Exceptionally hot room, no air conditioning. Had to pay £5 for a balcony 'key deposit's so we could open the door.  We arrived with friends who had been charged £184 for two nights, and we had been charged £120 for ONE night. Disgraceful overcharging.  Staff were just barely helpful without being outright rude, everything seemed to be a lot of effort.  The bathroom door in the very tiny bathroom had to be kept shut as steam set off the fire alarm....This suggested that the fire alarm wasn't to be trusted at all.  The fire escape stairs led to the kitchen....Which is surely where most fires start? Ancient decor, wobbly tap, tiny beds, tiny rooms and very expensive for what you get  We left bags with reception as they hadn't got our rooms ready when we arrived. When we came to…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or295-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting do not stay here,"Dirty, dated , smelly and generally an absolute disgrace . How hotels like this are still allowed to trade is incredible .Spend far less on a travel lodge and you ll be a lot happier, came away with flea bites .......",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or295-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","For one night only, thank God!","The hotel is in a convenient location to visit Camden and Primrose Hill. The actual door key issued on arrival set alarm bells ringing.   Now that we have got the positive part of my review out of the way I would like to address the shortcomings (and boy there are a lot of them) of this establishment.  The rooms are decorated in shabby 70s chic, the furniture oddly is all in Argos cutting edge 80s frosted glass. No air conditioning...... Electronic trunking everywhere. A 22"" Samsung TV and an impressive travel kettle.   The windows had to be shut as there is a wasps nest directly outside . As previously mentioned there is no air-conditioning in the rooms.  2 fans were issued to us on request that sounded like wind turbines.  Highlights;  Loose plug fittings which do not work.…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or295-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed here for 4 nights ,Lovely hotel. Friendly staff. Room was basic.   Unable to open windows which wasn't good as was very warm during our stay.  Also had to close door while showering and close it after not sue why? It was just written on a sign in bathroom.  Breakfast was lovely first day but seemed to be worse as week went by.  All in all nice place to stay but could make a few changes ,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or295-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Rule Britannia,"Hampstead Brittania, with decour as fresh as the name suggests, its lept past regal and is more frugal. With uncleaned, algae green fishtank wall patterns and the dinstinct smell to match. This place could do with an invasion. Less army and fight talk and more white flags and sealant caulk it needs a new ruler.  The servants here arent going to put on much of a battle. The zombie army of the Britannia unaware that their forces are depleated.   Still, least the coffee is crap.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or300-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the best part,I can only speak from my experience but our room was pretty bleak. Me and my boyfriend stayed in a room without a window which was our first big mistake. It was so hot even my makeup melted and we only had a tiny fan which just blew the hot air around. The heat was honestly unbearable. Room was clean enough and great location but not great other than that. We did our best to keep busy so we were out of the room as much as possible. ,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or300-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value ,"I stayed here for two nights. Very good price - 54 per night for a double room plus car parking. Yes the hotel is shabby and needs some tlc but in fairness it is clean and tidy. My room was clean, made every morning and I can't fault it for the price. It isn't maybe somewhere I'd chose for a weekend break but for somewhere central for me to get to work it was perfect.   The one thing that the hotel would benefit from, and this isn't just this hotel, is a sign in the guest room corridors asking guests to be quiet in the evening. My sleep was disturbed by people slamming doors and talking in the corridors when making their way to bed (no they weren't drunk).   Staff were helpful and friendly. Always spoke. No complaints and would stay again for work.   ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or300-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ladies trip,"Overall the hotel is well located with good facilities close by. It is clean and tidy, large well equipped bedrooms, some things look a little worn but it's a busy reasonably priced hotel.Evening meal was basic and edible you get what you pay for, breakfast was better. Would recommend this hotel and return myself. If you want a fancy hotel you have to pay accordingly, even more so in London. Staff pleasant and helpful. Easy and convenient to check in and out. Not sure about parking we were on a coach.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or300-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Stayed over the weekend, cheap price, great location , close to tube station , room was big and on 5th floor with great view, bit dated, quiet old fashion looking shower and hard to put it on, but as I prefer bath, it did not bother me that much. Wanted to use microwave which was denied due to H&S, which I understood. Staff was really nice, helpful and smiley. Blond lady at check in was sweet and organize a quick efficient check in with all necessary info, We had breakfast over the weekend and cant fault it at all, many choices for everyone.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or300-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good location,Hotel itself was clean and basic but dated but who cares if its clean.we had a family room and it was bigger than most hotels we have stayed in central. staff was really pleasant and helpful Nice location from the center of London about 10mins on tube 15 min walk from Camden market 5 mins from primrose hill park.  Also a tip is make sure u check what room type your booking as some have no windows. defo stay here again,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or305-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and Terribly Mantained Place,"An unfortunate online booking mistake landed me and my wife at this disastrous place --ended up sleeping in a dark, unventilated basement room (not sure this type of dungeon exists anywhere else!). Worst of it all: had to pay close to 200 GBP for the night. Needless to say that we rushed out of there at dawn.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or305-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Probably not a fair report due to the presents circumstances but accurate in detail . Due to the Grenfel fire a lot of local residents from other flats were housed here so it lost its hotel feel and became more of a "" community centre""  obviously people have pets and these also shared public areas . The hotel is indeed budget and a bit tired but clean and very polite staff made up for any short falls . Very good location for Camden town ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or305-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Best value in london,"Stayed here again have done many times before as well, easy walk to camden or belsize park, easy access to the tube at chalk farm road for the northern line to get in and out of central London. Clean and tidy rooms bit dated main areas of the hotel but throw in a decent outside terrace for summer drinking/eating and youve got a bargain hotel in London that ticks all the boxes. Will stay again for sure.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or305-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've stayed in for years,"I arrived with a colleague for a one night business trip. On arrival we were told we had to pay for the rooms ourselves as they didn't have the authority to debit the business account on record, even though they had been briefed beforehand and said it would be fine. We found out it was £310 for two basement rooms, no windows, no air con or ventilation of any kind. The whole basement smelled damp and like chemical air fresheners. Also, the water is bizarrely slippery! It's almost impossible to wash as the water feels soapy. Very bizarre. Staff weren't helpful and the basement rooms aren't really fit for human life... ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or305-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Worst hotel ever I booked 2 months in advance to have conecting room for a one week stay with my kids. The hotel didn't give me connecting rooms I had to fight to have rooms on the same floor The hotel didnt do any thing during my stay to find connecting rooms There was no air cond, and strange enough it was more than a nice to have this summer in London The walls are so small that we eared the neighbours think It was noisy as windows don't stop the street noise Every thing inside is old and cheap Bathrooms are dirty The all you can eat breakfast is made with all you can buy for 0 food Hotel staff was between nasty and painful Last but not least, we wanted to escape before the end of the booking dates, and I have been told no refund was possible, even with 3 days in advance…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or310-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Utterly appalling - do not stay at this hotel,"Shocking. Room with no air con and no windows in the middle of a heatwave. Impossible to sleep because of the heat. Staff advised me to ""open the window"". Did I mention the room HAD NO WINDOW? They refused to move me to another room and offered me 10% refund, absolute insult. Three weeks later they have still not even acknowledged my complaint or given me full refund.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or310-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nice friendly hotel ,"Arrived for two nights to see Adele concert (cancelled ) so was not really happy but the hotel was nice, staff friendly & location was brill, nice area. Food (breakfast ) was typical serve yourself & was just not hot enough but ok. Bar prices where good, cheaper than the local pubs. Would defo stay here again was handy to walk into Camden & close to the tube to central London. Had an enjoyable stay",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or310-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",EF Tour London Trip 2017,"I am 1 of 38 guests at this hotel. I am extremely disappointed with EF Tours for booking this hotel. The hotel is dated and there is no A/C. I asked our Tour guide if he know why EF booked this hotel and he said maybe because of it's location. The tube/metro is within walking distance and there is a Starbucks within walking distance too. Their breakfast were very good except for their coffee. I would put half hot water and half coffee and it was still to strong. I don't know if it is a London thing. This hotel had two elevators, hot running water and a decent lock on the door. On the first floor you can find the front desk, a bar, seating area and the dining area. The people at the front desk were nice to us. One of the young ladies even help me order some pizzas.  On the last…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or310-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fair budget hotel,Stayed here for one night due to going to the o2 for a concert. First impressions were very good. Bit old fashioned but clean. Location was very good especially for our trip into Camden which was within walking distance. Room was very basic but had everything you needed. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was clean. There was however a clear lack of staff and often had to wait a fair while to be dealt with. The bar service was very poor with a wait of up to half an hour for a drink. Wouldn't have minded so much if it wasn't for the fact we were the only ones in the bar. Could not find a member of staff somewhere. Bar area however was comfortable with the option of a television to watch. Would use the hotel again as it was cheap accommodation however you do get what you pay for. ,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or310-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Sub standard room in the basement and no lift working .,"The room was below ground with a small window with a curtain falling off . No lock on the door . The room did not feel clean door handles etc. . Bathroom - a pair of socks 'drying' on the Shower curtain rail!! The cistern was cracked, a chip in the bottom of the bath. Bath rubber mat grubby. I reported details to staff and I was told maintenance would be contacted. When I arrived in the evening the room was still in the same state and the 'socks ' we're still drying!!! I Was informed there were no spare rooms  I will not be staying at The Brittania again and would not recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or315-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No windows,We turned up to check in to a pre-booked room to be told that it was windowless. Astonished that they were selling windowless rooms we asked for clarification. We had booked an 'internal' room which is hot all speak for no windows. We were offered an upgrade to a room with windows for £20!!!    As we we're only there to sleep we went without the windows. We got as additional extras a strong smell of mildew and cigarette smoke. We won't be booking again. ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or315-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Mid week break,"Good reasonably priced hotel close to tube to explore , London and the tourist sights. Comfortable rooms, very clean rooms and bathrooms. Pleasant bar and dining areas. Lifts to all floors. Great as a base to explore London.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or315-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away ,"Was feeling a Little apprehensive with regards to some of the reviews I've seen however on entering the hotel the staff greeted us with a smile and hello. On entering our room on the 4th floor we found it to be very clean and tidy the bathroom smelt clean we did book a double standard and was given single beds pushed together with single quilts but didn't really find it a problem apart from being a bit dated it wasn't bad!! The sleep was horrendous due to the weather to hot (not complaining though) we couldn't open our window very much this must be due to safety so can understand but maybe a fan could be left in the room as no air conditioning, breakfast was good plenty of choice maybe fresh fruit and yogurts would be a little better asked for soya milk and was happy that they…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or315-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",15 May 2017,"Food was always lukewarm,Alfa travel is at falt  Will not go with them again ,the hotel was tasty parking was 10 pound a night ,free wifi was for 20 minutes then 7 pound a day ,very dimwits ALFA TRAVEL",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or315-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Stayed 2 weeks ago for 2 nights with National coach  holidays.  After reading some previous reviews was pleasantly surprised. We had room G3 on the ground floor which was spotlessly clean, bathroom and furnishings looked as though been recently refurbished. Dinner on the Friday night was poor, especially dessert but the breakfasts and Saturday 's dinner were good. Staff pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or320-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hell Hole...,"This has got to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. Dirty, tired, dated. A family room which only had 1 towel to share. Odd locked doors in the room. The hotel smelt of smoke.   The staff don't seem to particularly care and it is evident that this hotel is bound to close shortly.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or320-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay for Harry potter studio's tour on national holidays,"Staff ok room ok. That's where it end sent this email to brittania hotels and never received reply so make your own minds up where to eat here.Home  Contact Form Received  Thank you for sending your enquiry. We will get back to you as soon as  Hotel: Britannia Hampstead Hotel  Enquiry Type: General Enquiry Reference: Stayed on a national holidays break Your Message: Dear sir /madam, Having stayed at several of your hotels and with a recent stay at your Hampstead Britannia hotel, I find it necessary to bring to your attention the standard of food having been a chef for over 30 year's. The standard is generally cold or Luke warm and of a very low quality. The Hampstead Britannia hotel was no better the evening meal was overcooked frozen fish fillets, lasagna that looked like it…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or320-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired hotel,"We checked and thought the place looked tired and dark,  When we was given our room key it had single beds and not as i had asked for being a double, then the worst ever was sprung on me....we had NO window, The only time i have stayed in a room with no window it was against my choice and free of charge, excuse the pun... The breakfast was not up to much either  We wouldn't return, go to the premier in just round the corner",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or320-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,". Had a domestic going on in the room next to us for hours. Long story short reception visited room once and were told the guy was leaving, he didn't. Phoned reception again who informed me they would phone the police, they didn't. Phoned reception again and again to ask for a room where we could actually get to sleep and they didn't answer the phone to us. Domestic went on from 12-3am then came the 'making up' sounds. Manager the next morning practically called me a liar when I expressed my disappointment that nothing had been done about it. I wrote to Britannia hotels 2 weeks ago and am still awaiting a response. Hotel rooms are mouldy and smoky.  REALLY DISAPPOINTING",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or320-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"Hotel staff lovely and welcoming on arrival, very quick to ensure both rooms where together, two teenage daughters so they accommodated us with adjoining  rooms. Rooms clean but dated, shower hot and powerful, bed on the hard side for one night, wasn't a problem. Hotel ideally  situation for Northern line pleasent  8min. walk from Chalk Farm Tube station. Didn't eat at Hotel so unable to comment on food.Overall better than expected this was my second choice cancelled first due to bad reviews.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or325-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Food.,"Arrived Sunday 16th April. The room is warm, clean and the facilities are adequate. We went down to evening meal and that's where it all turned sour.  The food came out in dribs and drabs and considering that 50 of us had just arrived wasn't enough and queues ensued. The food was all cooked from frozen and some of it still frozen. Tiny amounts brought out by a poor girl who could only apologise. Needless to say, we ate out from then on. Breakfast and evening meal were included in the package , more money spent on eating out.           You can enjoy a hot bath in a dated bathroom as long as you keep the door shut for fear of setting the smoke alarm off. We also were in 304 and leaving the window open is not a good idea as it bangs with the least breeze. I did wonder about the…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or325-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"We spent 3nights and were a bit disappointed. Couldn't get a meal after 9pm but luckily there is a fantastic Italian restaurant called il primo on England Lane which is just a short walk. There were not enough towels for two people and you need to be under 5'6"" to fit under the shower. The room itself was a little scruffy but clean and basic. It is a great location for parks and transport but I'd look elsewhere next time I'm in London. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or325-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One night at The Brittania !!!,"We stayed here for one night on a tour with National holidays. scruffy from the outside and tired inside. Very quickly checked in. We were in room 304 twin room on 3rd floor. If you get a room near the 2 lifts ask to be moved because you will not get to sleep until everyone is in bed. The lifts are very old and imensly noisy was after midnight before I could get to sleep. Room was very hot but couldn't have the slide window s open as they rattled constantly. the room was clean though but need new mattresses (you could feel the springs) so didn't get a restful sleep except for my daughter who bought earplugs lol. Meals were included, dinner was disappointing but breakfast was much better. A Buffet cooked breakfast, croissants, toast,cereal etc.much better. It's a very basic hotel…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or325-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly fine for one night,"We stayed for one night here as part of a National holiday break to the Harry Potter studios. First impressions from the outside were not great as it looked quite scruffy and the reception area was quite dark. However checkin was quick and our room on the ground floor was spacious and clean. The evening meal was  buffet style and was included in the price and was pretty average the choices were fish, chicken, some kind of meat stew and tomato pasta for the vegetarians like me, the puddings were nice.  The breakfast was ok too with plenty of choice, although the toaster was a bit temperamental.  I can't say much about the location as we didn't really have time to explore, but we did have a quick walk to Primrose hill, to admire the view.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or325-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Average, housekeeping slacking ","Luckily was only here at this hotel for 1 night - anymore and I wouldn't of been happy.  Let's start with the good points,  •friendly staff •clean sheets and towels  •warm shower  •decent tea and coffee making facilities  •plenty of choice of food some very nice and tasty especially the crumble yum yum   Now the bad points,  •the bathroom was disgusting - bath obviously not been cleaned out, other people's hair still there, sink had stains round it and the toilet had stains on from both number ones and twos just disgusting and wouldn't of taken two minutes to clean it but obviously they don't do that in this hotel  •don't think the staff know what a duster is ? Dust everywhere  •some of the food was a bit off, for example warm milk and juices in the morning to go with your…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or330-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Booked this hotel as a last minute trip for my wife and myself I wish I had not bothered paid a little more for suite definitely not worth it rooms very dated bath,sink and marble surround all had cracks in chipped and dirty decor of room dated coffee and tea supplies the cheapest money could buy the room was very poor the staff were good at their job the breakfast was poor cheap ingredients I know the hotel cannot vet their guest but be very careful guest in font of us was swearing and shouting then he cough and spluttered all over food so we didn't have breakfast I think the hotel let's people on social stay at hotel",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or330-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"Went for a 2 night stay paid for 2 nights bed,breakfast and evening meal. When we had checked in we were told as if it was an after thought that the kitchen was closed that night so there was no hot food that night. We had to go out to a restaurant and paid £60.00 for a very good meal. We did get a £20.00 refund but the food in the hotel was atrocious cold and tasteless. The staff were miserable and not very professional.  The hotel itself was uninviting,the room was fine and nicely furnished but the windows were old style you could hear the traffic all day and night were dirty and covered in condensation had net curtains which were wet from the condensation we were glad to leave never go there again",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or330-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job but not the best. ,"Each time you walked in the room it smelled of cigarettes even tho neither of us smoked, there was no bath plug so could not have a bath. The door locked but was not sturdy enough, the windows could of easily have been opened from the outside. The coffee tray had empty milk cartons in it, however it did the job for two nights in London not too far from the city centre but would not stay again and would not recommended to friends or family. ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or330-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Had a great week stay!!,"Listen this is not a 4 or 5 star hotel so lets keep this in mind. The location was great (close to the tube, Primrose Park and other attractions). The room was good, on the 1st floor facing the street ( a little noisy) but was not bad at all. It was clean and warm and we were close to our son (studying at Westminster). The people were great. Friendly and helpful with whatever we needed.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or330-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Only stay after going on a bender !!!!,"This place is cheap and I only stayed as someone else booked as I never would have looking at reviews.Only good for people on a tight budget and who can sleep through racing cars, arguments,a place full of people speaking other languages(which I have nothing against as long as they are not causing trouble)and I think they are placed there by the council(NOT TOURISTS),a chemical smokey smell,1970 decor etc etc.In my view if you want a decent place in London you need to pay around £125 at least so you probably get what you pay for here.The place seems semi clean in the rooms which are big, beds arent great with micro pillow.You can park your car over night for £10 which must be the only appealing factor of this place.Spend some more money and stay elsewhere would be my opinion.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or335-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worse stay ever!!!,Terrible stay. Just left this hotel with a friend. Mainly booked as it is very close to the Roundhouse. We stayed here two nights and had to move twice!!! We arrived in a room in the cellar no window and the air just stands. I do not know how people sleep down there. We then got a new room upstairs which had a connecting door to another room. The other room had a couple remaking fifty shades of grey I suppose and screamed all night long!! I called the reception however nobody was found. We did ask l for a different room the next morning after close to no sleep! Staff also is not very friendly and rooms are outdated and it smells of chemicals everywhere. The grounds are disgusting. And ventilation is horrible in the bathrooms. You are advised by a sign to keep door shut otherwise…,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or335-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Our room was in the basement , towels and bed clothes were stained , it seemed to be very noisy the room was tiny we had to dust the inside of the wardrobe so we could put our clothes in . There was a mouse trap outside our room .very dated decor and extremely basic .",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or335-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Rooms rather dated and in need of some TLC. I booked a room without a window which was in the basement.  Despite the radiator being switched off, the room was extremely hot!  I guess the hotel are aware because there was a fan left in the room.  If you have stayed at a Britannia hotel before then you will know what to expect:  Cheap room rates for a central location. I paid £53 for a double on a Fri night.  Guest rooms are rather dated and in need of some TLC .  There were toiletries and an iron and ironing board in the room as well as a tea/coffee making tray.  Flat screen tv with a good selection of channels.  Free wi fi in the public areas only.  I would stay again but next time upgrade to a room with a window.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or335-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Only book your stay here when you have no other option,"I booked a Standard Double room with Breakfast at a price of £103.50. They put me in a room next to the lift (Room 102). I spent all night listening to the lift go up and down as it would make a terrible noise and vibrate everything in the room! I spoke to the staff and all they could offer me was a free breakfast which I had already paid for upon booking the room due to this I was told there is nothing they can do - no compensation for my inconvenience! The room was cold as the windows were pretty useless at keeping the draft out.   In preparation for a bad night, I ordered a drink from the bar however, as they had run out of ice at the bar, I was told by the serving staff that they needed to go to the Kitchen to get some ice - They kept me waiting for 25 minutes whilst the…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or335-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bottom end of hotels,"This is my second time staying here and I have to say this is a much bette room on the 2nd floor than the last one in the basement. This room has soaking wet windows and curtains due to condensation, no heating, toilet doesn't flush, duvet and pillows are paper thin, sheets haven't been changed in 3 days, road noise due to the single glazed windows is keeping me awake at night. Staff don't seem interested at all in doing anything about it, reported the toilet yesterday and tonight it's still not been fixed. Corridor and room are stinking of stale cigarette smoke. Had to ask for some air freshener to help take it away. If your on a serious budget then stay here, if you can afford an extra £10 a night then get a travelodge and stay in luxury compared to here. Place seriously needs…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or340-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend stay - Feb 2017,Good location for anyone looking to go to Camden Town / Market. Hotel is a 15 minute stroll from Camden High Street and it has plenty of pubs and restaurants near it as well. Cleanliness of the hotel is good and the rooms were lovely and clean.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or340-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money.,"Just 5 minutes walk from Chalk Farm Tube Station on the Northern Line (and a bus every 2 minutes from there to the hotel) is Britannias Hampsted hotel. OK its actually in Camden but thats just nit picking. We had a full week of sight seeing and shows to go to so it was great to be close enough to our hotel that we could freshen up and change for our evening visits to musicals and restaurants. This hotel like all Britannia hotels focuses primarily on value for money and if you read the other reviews I think that some are unfairly negative because some people expect 5 star service oj a budget which is unrealistic. If you want to save your money to spend on Londons atractions then the compromise is a budget hotel, and The Britannia Hampsted meets its brief perfectly. The staff are…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or340-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",OK But Only Just,"I needed to stay in that area for one night only, I was not willing to pay a very large amount for a one of the big groups prices.  The room was tired it needed some TLC but it was clean and had all that i needed for 1 night. Looking at the hotel overall it was all very  tired and needed a large amount of TLC , which would give a much better first impression to customers, The breakfast was large and penltyfull with a good choice. Remenber to book  it the night before to save money. The staff where pleasent and helpfull. There plenty of shops and resturants close by.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or340-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value as usual,"I have stayed here many times before, yes dated and not 5 star but clean and close to the nearest tube to get around london very quickly. Just 15 min stroll to the middle of Camden even closer to the small but quaint Belsize Park that has some nice pubs and a great brazilian restaurant Touro. This is place is just great value will use again for sure.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or340-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Why give someone a room next to the lift shaft?,We only needed our room to sleep in and we couldn't even do that!  We were in room 402 which is right next to the lift shaft. We were kept awake by the lifts for a lot of the night/morning. You would have to be the sort of person who can sleep through anything to be able to feel comfortable in there. Very disappointing.,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or345-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Simply put the hampstead hotel is disgusting. I have never stayed in a worse hotel than this, the bathroom smells of pee, seriously pee! I dread to think what a blacklight would reveal.   Attached is a photo of my room wall, it's in serious need of a decor upgrade.  The room is right next to the main road and it is very noisy, makes trying to sleep difficult.   Needs cleaned or decorated.  Either would be nice.  Would avoid if you can, location is fine and it's cheap.  The only 2 good points for this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or345-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Once only,"This was close for our need to visit the Royal Free Hospital and would equally be a good location for many London attractions.  The check in was efficient but it was down hill from there. We chose to use the stairs as our room was on the first floor (122).  Once in the stairwell the location of the toilets for the bar and restaurant was clear, without looking.  The room was tired looking which made it difficult to look clean.  The bed was 'just' a double with every move audible and duvet that just met the edges before you got in.  The room was dark despite  a smallish window.  The bathroom had dirty grout and grout missing and there was a gap where tiles met which again trapped dirt. The bar prices were on the high side, with slow service and a barman who needed basic drinks…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or345-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value, in a lovely area","I've stayed here lots of times due to the hotel's proximity to our office. There are surprisingly few hotels in the area and Britannia Hamstead offers excellent value for it's location. It's in walking distance of beautiful Primrose Hill and also Camden (Roundhouse + Camden market etc). You should expect rooms to be tired and dated. However, they are always clean, bed comfy and showers always hot. Staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or345-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One Night Stay,Excellent value for Camden and walking distance to the Roundhouse and Camden market. Tired and dated but clean. Probably wouldn't holiday here but a great base camp for a overnight or weekend stay. Bar reasonable and open late. Clean comfy bed. Shower hot and bathroom tatty but clean.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or345-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Very good value for London and great convenient location, if a bit dated in decor",Certainly very dated in décor and tired fittings.  But regardless we found the Britannia Hampstead Hotel to be good value for money in such a convenient location close to the centre of London.  After all you get what you pay for. At the lower budget end of the market we found this hotel to be quite acceptable ... just don't expect too much.  A short walk down to Camden for good restaurants and to hop on the underground. Camden Market is worth a visit also.  A short drive or bus/taxi ride in the other direction and Hampstead is worth a visit also. The old Catholic church in Hampstead is worth a look as one of the oldest in use following emancipation.  Another quirky tourist option would be a walk around Hampstead's old cemetery. Just print out one of the maps that can be found…,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or350-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very good quality/price ratio accomodation,"Great zone ( Camden and Primrose hill ) , nice hotel with kind and helpful staff and nice rooms perfect for spending some nights in London . Room pricing is very good and overall I'll recommend it for tourists of any age.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or350-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Old School Two/Three Star,My husband and I stayed here after seeing a band at the Roundhouse. The location was great. The room was clean and the check in efficient. The hotel in general looked like it hadn't been refurbished since the early 80s but it had a certain charm to it. I would stay here again as it didn't break the bank!,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or350-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value,"After reading the reviews on here was apprehensive about our stay but it was only for one night whilst my daughter attended an engagement party nearby.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  I booked a double room without a window which was on level -1.  The room cost £59 plus £10 parking on 29 December.  The room and bathroom were spotless, bed very comfortable, extra pillows, towels, tea and coffee making.  The quality of the fixtures and fittings were good also.  The bar area was quiet and drinks prices were very reasonable. Bus stops outside, Chalk Farm tube about 10 minute walk away, Camden Market an extra 5 minutes.  Very good location to get around London if that was your aim.  Would definitely stay again.  Staff all very helpful and welcoming.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or350-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",If I Ruled the World?,"The best location in Hampstead near Camden Town, green and nice walking area with many restaurant. Perfect for a family with children not for single! Not free wi-fi and breakfast not included in the price.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or350-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great second stay!,Myself and my partner really like this lovely traditional hotel and have stayed here twice. This time we stayed for two nights. Great location within walking distance of Camden town.  Rooms are clean and comfortable.  Highly recommended.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or355-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Gig at the Roundhouse,Excellent location for Camden visits and specifically walking distance from the roundhouse. Cheap bar. Clean though dated room.I paid £59 for a twin room on 4th floor.For London that is a fantastic deal.Good hotel for an overnight stay.For longer would probably go elsewhere.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or355-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","""Disgusting""","Over the last few years we have stayed in this hotel 4 or 5 times each time in the past it has been ok, not overly good but for the price it was acceptable. As it is located in a good position for our requirements we kept returning, however after our last visit a few weeks ago, NEVER again. We were allocated a horrible, smelly, damp and not very clean bedroom below ground, no window. when I asked at reception for a change of rooms I was told in very abrupt broken English ""there were no other rooms available but I could have my prepayment back and leave! "" This is what we then did and will never return, such a shame. It is time the directors of Britannia Hotels had a close look at this hotel and it's personnel.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or355-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",very poor quality,"booked a room with ""window"" but it was in the -1 floor. Room did have a window but it was cold and noicy. Very poor quality and not very clean. The bed sheet had holes, the bathroom was so cold that i tried not to use it!",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or355-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel. Not great but not terrible ,I stopped two nights on business. It's in a good location with some nice pubs near and not far to walk into Camden. About 15 mins stroll. The corridor did smell of smoke and the worst thing was the radiator as you couldn't turn the heat down. On the bright side the twin room I was in was pretty big with plenty of wardrobe space and no complaints about cleanliness. The breakfast is nice enough. So were the reception staff. Polite and friendly. The hotel could do with a make over but it's budget and because of that you have to be realistic with your expectations. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or355-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Room spotless hotel very dated,"I stayed at the Britannia due to its proximity to the Camden Round House which is a 10 min walk away. The room, G10 I think, was spotless although the hotel was extremely dated so it is far from a destination hotel. I would however stay again if I was at another gig at the roundhouse as the price was very low at £54. I did not eat in the hotel however the buffet looked very basic.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or360-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stealing in Hampstead Britannia,"Never stay at this hotel unless you want that your belongings are stolen. We arrived at the hotel, leaved our locked luggages at the room and gone outside. When we came back 2 our luggages were broken, laptops and documents (id, passport, visa, etc) were stolen. Hotel personal were rude, informed us that this is our personal problems and hotel is not responsible for such cases. They did not help us to call the Police. Hotel personal did not call the Hotel manager and did not provide us with his/ her phone number, they told us that hotel manager is available on working days only.  Also hotel prices for the booked rooms differed from prices on booking.com, no free wi-fi, dirty glasses in the room.   I do not recommend anybody to stay in this hotel, as it is dangerous and unsafe. ",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or360-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Really poor hotel.,"The location is great for sure. The hotel itself is very dated. The bath was stained brown and the fittings were falling off. I booked an Executive Room but the bed was very narrow for a double and had a very thin mattress. Breakfast was cold and there was no fresh fruit. The waiting staff spoke only rudimentary English and we struggled to order poached eggs or fresh hot tea (the tea was cold and brewed). I would avoid it. I am perplexed about the higher scores, lucky them. They had a very different experience to us!",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or360-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London????,"Words can't describe how bad this hotel is....but I'll try. Booked for 28 days. No phone in room. Next door is a guy who has prostitutes every night. I have to wear headphones. It stinks of tobacco and marijuana! Half the staff can't speak English at all.  The restaurant must be one of the worst - the ""chef"" adds 50 spoons of salt to everything....the food is vile.  And...if you get back from work very late the 24-hour bar staff tell you you've had enough to drink when in reality you're very tired....and refuse to serve you....and if you say anything they threaten you with the police.  And...don't waste your time complaining to Britannia Hotels...because they don't reply!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or360-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Room was dirty, very dated and loud.","Me and my partner stayed at the Britannia hotel as we were visiting the London tattoo convention, Camden markets and London's fabulous museums, this hotel seamed quite central for all our ventures and not too overpriced for London.   We booked this hotel quite last minute but thought it was a good location and had on site parking facilities.     When we arrived i ran into reception to ask to park in the car park which was like a building site at the time, there were large vans, scaffolding and skips but we managed to find a very small space (my partner who loves his car wasn't too happy about the rubble and scaffold but it was our only option at this time and we hoped the work men would take car around the car, which they did thankfully)   We checked in and paid the extra to…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or360-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect Little Hotel, Amazing Value For Money.","Well after reading some of the reviews on here prior to staying, I was a little traumatised about my pending visit but how wrong can you be.  £50 a night for a nice clean hotel, lovely white bedding, spotless bathroom, tea and coffee making facilities in the room, room service 24 hours, bar open 24 hours. What more can you ask for. Does the place need a lick of paint? Yep, it is a little tired and dated, but you don't go to London to stare at a hotel wall for you whole visit.  Staff were all so lovely, especially the gentleman that served us when we were checking out. Late check out is available for a cost and parking is very reasonable as well for London.  Camden 10 minute walk away, Chalk Farm tube station a 5 minute walk away which is ideal. The location of the hotel is…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or365-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for so many things,"A superb hotel convenient for so many things! It's a 5 minute walk from the Roundhouse music venue in and Chalk Farm tube station. It has a huge restaurant and a bar with an outside terrace. It has a 24 hour bar too!   The rooms are comfortable with tea and coffee making facilities. Although has free wifi, it never works as most hotels these days!  Primrose Hill is a 10  minute walk away with a handy Tescos and and cafes and pubs. Camden Market is just round the corner and Regents Park is a mile away!  Staff are friendly and very helpful too! Very reasonably priced room rates even booking really near the date of your stay! ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or365-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I came with my daughter to watch a show.,I loved the fact that it was right in the heart of things but was surprisingly quiet which was lovely. I found the room clean but slightly dated and bed could have been comfier . However the staff were wonderful and helpful. The food was spot on. They even had my room ready earlier as I was traveling from Cheshire.  I would defiantly come here again and would recommend to others.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or365-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"I stayed here for one night with my friend. We had a twin room, which was very comfortable. Although dated, it was very clean and tidy.  Our room was right next to 2 lifts, and unfortunately, we could hear them throughout the night and also there was constant door slamming and noise from the main road.  We didn't have breakfast here, choosing to go out for a more reasonable deal.  The staff were polite and helpful.  This Hotel is very close to the tube station and Camden.  I would recommend this Hotel for a single nights stay, the disturbed sleep would put me off staying for any longer.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or365-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Real value for money,"Nice little find as most the other hotels around are at least double the price. The night manager was pretty much useless and barely spoke english, but didn't really need him as his staff were great. The rooms could do with a little touch up, but they area really clean and comfortable, and at the price the are i really didn't care. A great find and real value for for money. will definitely stay here overtime i need a hotel in london.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or365-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",3* hotel ?????,"The only good thing about this hotel is the location, very handy for Camden and Regents Park. Issues with Room 219: 1) radiators on all night and unable to turn off, 2) shower temperature not working, 3) plug in sink not working, 4) toilet flush loose, 5) chandelier in room so low that you hit head on it, 6) smoke/fire alarm going off in the night for no apparent reason, needless to say we had a dreadful couple of nights trying to sleep. Went down for dinner on Sunday night only to find that as not many had booked for dinner that they weren't doing any...Dominos Pizza to the rescue.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or370-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Run down but spotless,"Good location just a few mins walk from Chalk Farm station. Hotel has a lot of character throughout and was very clean. Rooms a good size. However, we had two rooms one of which had a blocked sink which we reported but was not repaired. This room also had a broken kettle. The other room had a broken TV in it. I'd stay here again if the price was right but for no longer than one night.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or370-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money Hotel,"If one read the recent negative reviews, I guess you would not give this Hotel any consideration, This is my second visit, and I haven't experienced any problems whatsoever. The room was very clean, yes a bit dated. but had all the amenities you want including TV, Iron, Kettle, tea and coffee. The bed was very comfortable. The Hotel is a short walk from Chalk Farm tube station, Camden Market and the famous Primrose Hill.If you want luxury, there are a limited amount of local Hotels, but you will have to pay two to three times more. Overall this Hotel is ideal if you want to explore this part of London.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or370-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",2nd Time Wasn't So Charming,"I stayed there a few years ago because I once lived in the Hampstead/Belsize park area and wanted to feel more comfortable. So, I chose that hotel. It's averaged priced which was good. I had a few issues with the bathroom leaking and just overall decor needing upgrading. But I forgave it, thinking it was just my room. Staff were cool and the bar/dining ammenaties were adequate so I didn't really mind.  This second stay there, I expected some upgrades and there weren't any. The first room had almost the same toilet leaking problem so I was moved to another room.  Facing the main road was a little noisy so I had to keep the windows closed. The place is kept clean but the rugs and furniture are worn and they could do better. I still love the location and the idea of staying in that…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or370-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty towers,"Warm beer ordinary food but must say although shabby rooms were very clean,beds Rock hard.  The location was spot on close to tube and camden lock. Breakfast good, evening meal luke warm I think basil fawlty was the proprietor sometimes no plates no glasses, plates cleared before finished eating.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or370-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Customer Service and Value for money!,"I frequently stay at the Britannia Hampstead and feel truly grateful to all the staff from the housekeepers, bar staff to the reception staff and management.  The Britannia Hampstead is great value for money, situated in a beautiful area of London, a short walk from Chalk Farm and Belsize Park Tube stations. The hotel has beautiful views of the skyline of London.  For the price paid I couldn't ask for more! The rooms I've stayed in have always been clean and tidy and the staff have always showed me care and been willing and able to help with whatever I may need, from extra towels to calling me a cab.  Thank you to everyone at The Britannia Hampstead, see you soon!  Ms C. Washington",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or375-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Views,"Stayed for week end. Great hotel, central to Camden Town for great shopping and atmosphere.  Staff very courtiers and helpful.  Buffet breakfast delicious.  Room was clean and located with a balcony, fantastic views of London eye, Geurkin hotel etc. Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or375-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not to bad shame about the breakfast,"Myself and my husband went away for the weekend in London and chose to stay at the Britannia Hampstead hotel, on Primrose Hill. When we arrived the staff were very helpful, and answered any questions or concerns we had regarding our stay. The room we had was clean and we had a comfy bed, which after walking round London was very pleasing.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or375-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Should be free,"The place was dirty and the service was not worth the rate for a room. Rooms are very small, having to sidestep past the bed to get to the wardrobe.  Tea and coffee facilities were appalling. The milk went out of date in January 2016, 9 months ago. The toilet didn't flush. The bed was hard and the room was cold as the heating wasn't working.  Trying to get the non English speaking staff to understand the issues their guests faced was a joke and for that privilege you get to pay £90 a night because it's 10 minutes walk away from Camden Lock?  In all honesty, I think they have a nerve charging for a stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or375-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tower of Terror,"During our stay in London, we visited the London Dungeons. In hindsight, we would have preferred to have stayed there instead!  Firstly, we arrived after the check in time time advised on the website, 2:00pm. We assumed, considering that we arrived at 2:15pm that we could check in and put our bags in our room. However, the receptionist rung the cleaning staff and we were told our room had not been cleaned yet and we were to wait in reception; no apology given here either. However, we could not wait, as we were required to be somewhere by 3pm.  We were toying with the idea of bringing our dog, who would have had to have stayed at the hotel for a couple of hours whilst we were out. Thank goodness we didn't because we wouldn't have been able to take her to the theatre, which were…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or375-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"I usually check trip advisor before booking any hotel, but seeing as we just needed somewhere close to crash after a wedding, I didn', so booked here instead of the Haverstock because reception told me there was a car park.  There is indeed a car park; 5 spaces worth, so that was obviously full when I arrived which inconvenienced me greatly.  That was nothing compared to what we experienced when we actually checked into the room.  Toilets that wouldn't flush Broken radiator Cigarette ash on the bed Stained wall paper  All the above combined to make it simply the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel the world over. The worst thing though was the smell; cigar/cigarette smoke that makes you want to wretch. I complained the minute we checked in and was told there were no…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or380-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful would never stay there again,"Was given a basement room for starters, corridor smelled terrible and the room smelled awful, brown water came out of the hot tap, no sound proofing on the windows, an old wardrobe used to hide an old opening to the outside and poorly applied plastic frosted filem on the bathroom window.....might have been fine in 1960s but worst hotel I've been in in 40 years all for £103 too. Don't be fooled book somewhere else",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or380-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Even low cost is not enough to stay here...and it's not even that cheap!,"Someone else just reviewed this hotel and gave it three stars (and it looks like we were staying at the hotel at around the same time). I take this as evidence that everyone has their own reasons for choosing to stay here, so I can only share with you my experience:  I travel a lot for work and stay at a huge range of hotels and can frankly tell you that this is not a three star hotel. This is a solid one-star hotel; two-stars if they did a little bit of investment and upkeep. There is nothing wrong with a one-star hotel...having a cheap room to stay in, in an otherwise expensive city is great. But, to me, a hotel that aims to achieve something higher/better needs to put a little bit of care/investment into its property and actually try to have customer service. That is not the…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or380-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, expect to compromise","The location is great, since I drive in London I found this positioned really well and easy to get to the rest of central London without taking too much time. Yes, the hotel is quirky but if you are in the position to accept that then it will be a good deal. It is one of the best priced hotels I've been in in the London area so that was a big plus for me.   They are pet friendly and also are good for wheelchairs (there is an inconvenience with having to go through the dining hall to get to the room, but it is all ground floor). I would have no problem staying here again as I can accept with the comprimises.  I didn't have any problem with the cleaniness as my room was always cleaned well and the staff were always friendly (although not overly helpful as one might have hoped for…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or380-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"Day 1, booked in the wrong room, that a bed was smaller than an average single bed. Went down for even dinner, nobody to greet you, just a young girl with odd smile on her face looking at me strange. I needed to ask about food, took £12.50 off me before I even sat down, then walked away, I then sat down with my food, and 2 mins in was told we have closed now, and turned the lights off!! Day 2, still no better, breakfast was rubbish, staff don't smile or speak.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or380-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"I'll start with the good points  Close to Camden Town which is an amazing place, especially the market.  Has a good sized bar/lounge area  Has car parking at £10 per day  That's all for the good points, now the bad  Chewing gum on the bathroom floor  Carpets and floor grubby  Curtains hanging off the rails  Pubic hair in the bath  Cracked cistern lid  Pillows flat  No big bath towels  Staff have a couldn't care less attitude, on check out the woman didn't even ask if I enjoyed my stay or even say hi, just took my key,  no eye contact nothing.   Dust on every surface   People leaving their rooms from 5am and letting their doors bang close with the strong springs on the door.   For £75 a night I'd expect a better level of cleanliness than that, find somewhere else is my advice or…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or385-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia Hampstead Hotel ,"Not worth the money £119 they charged for room.  Shabby needs complete modernisation, towels very small, barely  any coffee tea, soap, shampoo body wash. Staff miserable. Also charge you to use debit or credit card and want paying as you check in. Curtains didn't close fully so woken up as soon as it gets light outside. Noise from car park late at night (guests congregate here to smoke) kept awake we were on the third floor. Drinks in bar - flat tonic water from bottle must have been there a long time also other customers took there draft ciders back as also flat. It takes 9 minutes fast walking from nearest tube st. (Chalk Farm)",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or385-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location ,"3 stops from Euston on the Northern Line. Excellent location for Camden, London Zoo & Primrose Hill.  Sadly the twin room we booked had no window so would advise on booking to request a room with a window!  Room was adequate & facilities clean. At the end of the day you get what you pay for.  If you're near the restaurant on the ground floor be prepared to hear the doors to the rooms opening & closing at all hours.  All in all, served it's purpose but if you like your creature comforts then maybe not the hotel for you. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or385-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pervert Alert,"I am a woman staying at the hotel by myself and as I am in the shower I hear a knock at the door.  I have not ordered room service or anything so I am surprised who would knock uninvited.  I look through the peephole and see a man wearing a hat, hoody and full of tattoos trying to come into my room  Eventually he opens the door and I am standing there naked so I had to push the door and put the door chain on.  I then phoned reception to enquire what that was all about and without apology she says ""that is maintenance. There is a leak at reception and it is either coming from your room or next door.""  No apology or pardon and I told her I was naked when he was trying to come in and had I not pushed the door he would have violated my privacy.  She replied ""okay he will come later…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or385-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend.,"Excellent location for our weekend stay.  Straight off the train at Euston and onto the Underground to Chalk Farm, short walk to the hotel.  Lovely area of London.  We didn't interact too much with the staff but what we did we found them friendly and helpful. The room was adequate for our needs, a bit dated but perfectly clean and comfortable.  Within walking distance to Camden and  walking distance to another tube station Swiss Cottage.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or385-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Rough ,"Check in staff polite, lift grubby, hallway towards room not too bad, room like a trip back in time to the 70's.  Grubby in places. Paid £140 for exec room.  Rather depressing feel to place.  Needs updating. ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or390-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",shocked angry disappointed,"As a regular client (5 weeks so far this year) I was appalled to be told today on check in that they are now charging £7 per day for wifi in the room. This is disgraceful especially in a hotel which is not the cheapest. This underhand way of increasing revenue leaves a bad taste in the mouth and I felt sorry for the pleasant staff having to explain this tacky, money- grubbing surcharge. I am now looking for an alternative hotel for my regular trips.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or390-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",To bad,"I was at the hotel for 2 nights. Good point: cheap, near the Regent park. Bad point: not the cleanest hotel (found some dried gum in bed, some towels were not white but more brownish), horrible buffet restaurant , when I arrived there was free internet the next day it was charged (??), not the best sound isolation...  Conclusion : not a solution for business trip. More for young adventures customers where price is a criteria.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or390-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, well located, friendly staff","When coming to this hotel, I was expecting a dreadful place but I must admit i was positively surprised. Yes, the hotel was built a long time ago, clearly never refurbished but it is clean, simple and great for short stays. We had a room on the third floor with view on a green area, no noise. Staff is friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or390-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel I've stayed in,I stayed there in August and the weather was boiling hot and so was the room no air con  cleaning was hit and miss beds made  bins not always empty ect  and food was bad  for a 3 star hotel  Buffet for breakfast and for evening meal so you had to eat between 630 and 9 pm and if you not back from visiting sights of London you not get any other food  you have to ring out for pizza or something   staff are all foreign  and not that easy to understand  ,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or390-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",wembley challange cup hull vs warrington very happy hull 12 warrington10,2 night stay unsure about booking hotel after reading reviews some people just think they are in 5 star hotel but not payed 5 star price everything was lovely clean could smell bleach when walked in our room no fussty smell like other review said some staff very nice some bit miserable but doing the job payed to do manageress nice but just wish they had been shown how to get B T sport on as they didn't know how to do it so missed second half of MAN UNITED game and they where playing HULL CITY where all 10 of us live they only main gripe was rooms real warm but slept with window open  if cant afford air con think need ceiling fans for summer months breakfast good would stay again,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or395-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good if u like adventure,"Stayed here last summer, first room- end of corridor , water running out of shower  when I was arriving, carpet what was white years and year ago had a lot  of marks included one big dark brown..  What honestly really scare me ...   Room was small and don't have pleasant smell. What ever the staff was nice and give me other room what was better and bigger and more clean.. Oh yeah and I will have the big old school key with huge metal tag what u can't fit to small hand bag or pocked.. Payed around 120£ pro night what was rip off u can get in same location serviced apartment for same price or cheaper .. Do I'll recommended this hotel ? No.. Do I'll come back ? No :..",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or395-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Anotherperfect visit,"We went to London for the weekend with National Holidays and stayed at Britannia Hampstead.  We have stayed here many times & love the location.  We had room 501 which is the top floor, it is next to the lift but you never heard it!  As soon as you step out of lift you smell new carpet & paint & indeed are room looked very fresh!  We had dinner which was plentiful soup to start, mains choice of meats, veg, Yorkshire puddings, dessert was choice of fruit cocktail or chocolate cake.  We went to LEGOLAND Windsor & Buckingham Palace with our tour which I will review separately. Breakfast was great plenty of bacon, sausages, scrambled or fried eggs, chips ( I KNOW!!!) fried bread, tomato, mushrooms & beans! There was also choice of cereal, selection of fruit juices or fruit cocktail.…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or395-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",needs thought,"It was clean can't complain about that. Just dated old bathroom etc but that doesn't really bother me.  The bed was INSANELY comfortable really lovely. Unfortunately there seems to be some kind of new tower block being built across the road so I was awoken at 8am by seriously loud drilling noises etc really can't express how loud this was.  Now I know it can't be helped but I asked for best possible room, which yes is often at the front of the hotel, however it would have been nice if the staff could've put a bit more thought into this and realised that actually maybe whilst ridiculous noise is occurring over that side of the hotel it might not be the best possible room at the moment?  The lamp doesn't work at all which again doesn't really bother me but just why is it there? …",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or395-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London hotel,"Nice and clean hotel. Booked as part of a national holidays city break. Full breakfast with wide variety served and evening dinner with a good selection. Just not on a great direct route into central London. A good walk to nearest tube. Buses directly outside, but not heading in that direction. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or395-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good value,Good stay !","Staff were friendly & helpful. I agree the hotel is dated but not run down in fact I liked the 'quirkiness'. Bedroom was a good size & clean & comfy. Much cheaper than most London hotels & we even received a bottle of wine which wasn't bad at all. Breakfast was hot & there was a brilliant selection plus you help yourself so can have whatever you want. Local tube is 15 min walk, Camden market 20 min walk. £10 for parking overnight but limited spaces. We arrived early but they were able to book us in immediately. Overall was impressed, thanks",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or400-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and welcoming.,"Nothing wrong with this Hotel. It was £89 for a double room so definitely at the cheaper end and it was perfectly acceptable. Yes out of date and a bit run down but it was clean which for me is the most important thing. You get free wi-fi and parking is £10 per day so not bad for the location. Staff were friendly and helpful. 15 minute walk from Camden so great location. A couple of things on the downside, TV didn't work but I was out for the night anyway so not a problem for me but unacceptable. Kettle didn't work properly, you had to keep your finger on the on switch to get it to boil. I didn't eat at the hotel but why would you? All those lovely restaurants and bars in Camden to choose from. I've stayed in £150+ a night hotels in London that are far worse than this. For the…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or400-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",In need of update but guess we got what we paid for!,This was the hotel as part of a National holiday three day trip. My husband and son had one room. My daughter and I were given the opposite room. Theirs smelt extremely fusty and clothes they hadn't even worn needed to be washed on our return home. The meals were very mediocre. My daughter likes bread for breakfast but it was still quite frozen?? The evening meal the first evening wasn't good. So we ate out the 2nd night. Breakfast was slightly better but not much. Wouldn't really choose to stay here again. The area it was in was good though. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or400-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Sunday night stop over ,"We booked this on a Sunday night to stay after a visit to Wembley stadium. The cost was very good given the time of year but we stayed there 18 months ago and work was being carried out and to our surprise it was again!   The rooms are fine if tired looking, staff friendly enough, limited parking but ideal for Camden and Primrose hill. It's OK but no more than that ideal for a Short stop over. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or400-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not tired but exhausted,"Stayed here for five days room 514 not tired absolutely exhausted (the room not us) bathroom old and very stained, toilet handle broken clean sheets, bed throw over was disgusting and stained.Not enough staff food was acceptable when it arrived but cold sometimes  Take heed please don't find out for yourself (don't go) read other reviews",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or400-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The Hotel is very well located, with 2 tube stations up to 10 mins walking.   This Hotel haven´t been refurbished for at least 25 years, so getting in is like to do a trip to the 70-80s which has its point!   Don´t expect a ""palace"" but in general is a good hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or405-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again ,All staff were foreign so there was a slight language barrier especially when ordering a drink from the bar. The room we had was downstairs in basement and the corridors smelt of toilets and damp carpet! The room had no windows and there was a cheap portable fan in the room as it was so stuffy! The carpet in the room was dirty and the towels were stained! In the corridor leading to the room there was a fire door propped open by a wet floor sign. ,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or405-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A bit old and rickerty but comfortable and friendly,"Set in a quiet neighbourhood and a 10 minute walk (up a hill!) from the underground, this is an oldish hotel in need of some updating both inside and out. Furnishings a bit on the old side, the beds are rather small and old fashioned, the floor boards creek and the doors bang. But this hotel has a lot going for it: rooms are spacious, the bathroom was a decent size with complimentary shower gel and shampoo,  staff are friendly and the food is fine. I would happily stay here again and if you get a good rate you'll be more than happy with this place aswell.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or405-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It has no standards ,This hotel is in need of not only updating but a good clean all round  The stairs was dirty and my room has stains on carpets and was not clean  The furniture is dated and staff just don't seem to care  If you notice the hotel never responds to this site and I think the manager should be ashamed to have such a dirty grubby hotel as even if it is dated cleanliness is a must   ,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or405-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Short Break,The food was nice enough and the parking was reasonably priced for the hotel's location. Bedding was clean and tidy but the room in general and the bathroom were in need of an update - very poor decor. It was OK as a base just for sleeping as we spent most of our time exploring London. ,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or405-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated but great location,"Yes, as per other reviews the hotel is dated (but I find that most Britannia hotels are) but the location is great.  Little stroll into Camden, we walked to Kentish Town one night for a gig and there are plenty of food places in easy walking distance between the hotel and Camden or the hotel and Kentish Town.  The rooms are basic but they are clean and not pricey at all so no complaints really.  Only small downside (didn't bother me as I was with my fella) is that I can imagine coming in later at night when they have a group of around 10 blokes gathering near the entrance drinking from cans and smoking who apparantely arrive every night but are not actually resident at the hotel might be a bit intimidating.  We didn't have any trouble with them but on my own I wouldn't have…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or410-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Clean for London,"Not the nicest hotel but it's clean and GREAT value for the price.   Great location near Camden  I paid £79 for the night. I use this hotel whenever I need to stay near town for work because of the value but I wouldn't stay with the family, only because I would spend a bit more, there's nothing wrong with the hotel itself.   ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or410-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Have I gone back in time!!,"I spent 5 days at this hotel for a business trip and as soon as I caught sight of this hotel I questioned my new company's choice of accommodation?? I've always been told never judge a book by its cover, honestly this books cover tells a pretty good story of what's to come.  A dated reception area doesn't fill you with excitement and then there's the staff who when you ask a question look at you with contempt.  My room was on the 5th top floor and as soon as I entered i knew this would be a long week. Extremely dated furniture, creaky old bed, small 4:3 tv and a shower/bath I'm sure my nan had when we were kids?? If you are on the road side don't expect much sleep as the noise of cars, police sirens and people shouting will keep snoozing to a minimum. Also I agree with previous…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or410-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Convenaient and just fine for a 3 star hotel,This hotel is not fancy but has a lot going for it. Our room was plain but perfectly adequate. The water pressure was great and the room was clean and bright.   I found the staff extremely helpful and you can't fault the location. You have a choice of walking between two tube stations; one is on the Northern Line and the other Jubilee Line - very convenient.   There are some very nice cafes and pub just up the road as well as two laundries/dry cleaners - necessary if travelling for 5 weeks like we were!  I found the food at the hotel disappointing but there are lots of eateries near by.   This was our third stay here and we will come back without hesitation. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or410-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be put off by negative reviews,We've just got back from a weekend here and im surprised to see some of the terrible reviews placed on this site. We found this hotel a pleasant place to say with helpful friendly staff. OK it's very basic but at these prices I don't really understand what people expect. It had all the basic amenities needed and was clean and comfortable. Id say good value for money. The location is brilliant. A five minute walk to chalk farm tube and 10 minutes into main camden. We would definitely stay here again. Don't be put off by some of the comments left on here ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or410-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An ok place to stay,Arrived at hotel Friday afternoon and immediately asked to switch rooms as the room we were given smelt terribly of smoke. Our request was seen to very promptly. The room was clean and this time had no smell. We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and it was adequate. The beds were pretty uncomfortable and they could do with upgrading.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or415-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dont go there,"Britannia, have you filled all your hotels with migrants? Hotel has many foreign residents who stand outside drinking cans of lager and making noise, would be intimidating for some. Dominos pizza seemed to be regular visitors to reception. While the hotel is well positioned (although nowhere near Hampstead) it is tired and tatty. We moved rooms from a balcony as there were people shouting to another balcony  past ours. Also, that one had no washbasin plug and the next room only had a box for a wall hairdryer with no hose.  The hotel has a airconditioning system installed but needless to say it doesn't work. Despite my pseudonym I try to be positive about hotels and restaurants but this one ranks with the worst. I need write some goodones to make me feel better.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or415-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievable ,First of all the key wouldn't work in the door. Moved to another room. Ok but if we hadn't already paid would have not have seen us for dust. I would not recommend this to anyone. Security not very good and the whole hotel needs to be updated.  Only one night thank god. ,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or415-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",place to crash for gig,"Stayed here recently when seeing Radiohead at The Roundhouse. For London I had a good price, particulalrly with a late booking. Hotel is approx 10 min walk to the area where bars/food etc is, set in a residential area. Tired hotel in some respects but the room was adequate, food for breakfast was standard fare and I've had better, but again, taking cost into account (£95 for the room and b/fast for 2, can't complain).",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or415-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID,I booked this hotel thinking it MUST be OK as in affluent Primrose Hill. WRONG Dirty/ horrid room: no bedside lights/ squashy/ many overseas guests and you just want to get away  PH ten minutes walk to nice area or a few places around the corner £111 for one night I skipped breakfast just to get out ,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or415-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely dated hotel looking and feeling very tired indeed,"Let me take you on a journey of broken dreams and a deep dark depression...  It all started with me wanting a hotel to stay at whilst attending a music festival in Camden.   I searched hotel websites and up came the Britannia in Primrose Hill/Hampstead.  Booked it and drove there hoping that the reviews of the place were misguided or incorrect.  Tried to book in an hour early and was told either it wasn't possible or could be possible if we paid £10.   Decided to nip to a nearby coffee shop instead and check in at 2pm.   The staff were friendly enough and have no complaints about them whatsoever, but they're effectively trying to work in an environment of what can only be described as a tired, drab, dated and dirty looking hotel.  Our room was located on the lower ground floor…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or420-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not be fooled by the nice area,"This hotel is a million miles from the nice area it is situated in, just because you are staying in the Primrose Hill area don't expect this hotel to match its surroundings   The look of the hotel is of something from the 70's, this however could be something beautiful if done and updated in the right way but not on this occasion.  The decor of the hotel is old and dated, the look outside is a bit scruffy. The staff on reception are polite but not warm or overly friendly.  I knew things were going to go south when we were given our room key and told to go down a floor.   The room was off a corridor that had dirty glasses left in it after the cleaners had left (and they were still there when we checked out the following morning) the room was dark due to there being no window and…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or420-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The Shining....,"The Britannia Hampstead- a little ""gem"" nestled between the bohemian areas of Camden and primrose hill. It has mixed the old with the new, has a certain ambience of 1978 mixed with modern conveniences such as ""the toilet"" and ""the travel kettle"". It's paper thin walls and windows allows you to feel at one with your neighbours and the local community and the tiny beds and bathroom has a feel of the borrowers. Then there's the slight finishing touches which make it feel ""lived in"", such as the toilet coming away from the wall, the water marks on the picture in the bathroom, the splashes of paint here and there, the broken lamp, the bad DIY, the dirty pillow cases and the doors falling off the wardrobe. All of this mixed with the modern B&M cheap glass furniture is a clever…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or420-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",So drab and tired,I booked the hotel for a business associate having told him it is one of my least favourite hotels in London but he insisted as it was the location he wanted. My friend after a 2 night stay agreed with me the place should be demolished as its so out of date in every way The rooms are small drab beds uncomfortable and every surface covered in 1970 Formica which was worn out 20 years ago.  Apparently there is some renovations going on but I did not see any improvement It's only redeeming features are its location and if your willing to haggle you can get room for under £80 per night ,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or420-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated hotel,"We stayed here for the weekend with friends having obtained a Groupon deal. It was ideal for us to have a good catch up, unfortunately the evening meal was different to say the least! It consisted of a buffet, but none of the foods went particularly well together and the dessert (chocolate cake) was dry. The waitress didn't speak English, so didn't understand what we were asking! The best part was the breakfast which was hot and was replaced regularly. The noise levels through the night were very loud as it must be the quickest route for all the police and ambulance services to get to their destinations. The hotel is very dated and for £60 and a free bottle of wine, I suppose some would say you can't complain!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or420-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",1956 called. It wants it's hotel back,You do pay for what you get here. No frills. Dull decor and tired looks.  The rooms are of a standard but compared to other branded hotels are tired and in need of an uplift.  Only hand towels are provided so if you a big fella then you may have to use a couple to dry off.  Breakfast isn't too bad however I was planted down and left to my own devices without even an explanation.  Don't hold your breath for fresh eggs (or anything else for that matter) For £12 you will be better off going to Leon or some deli for half the price.  The waitress pushes around her trolley cleaning up plates like some sort of scutter bug from Red Dwarf. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or425-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for ,For £60 I'm not sure I was expecting The Savoy but the interior decor was ragged to say the least. Bed sheets seemed to be clean and bathroom was to an acceptable standard.  Staff were helpful and pleasant enough.  I declined the breakfast and opted to go to a very nice cafe less than 5 mins walk around the corner.  Used this as a base to go to a gig at the Roundhouse which was a 15 minute walk away. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or425-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overall a pleasant stay,"The room was lovely and big, I felt comfortable in it too. The shower and bathroom was very clean and the staff was lovely and welcoming. The stairs smelt a little bit going downward, but that probably is because of the gents toilets. Overall a great stay! And cheaper than other hotels around! I would recommend. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or425-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable but tatty,At £89 for a double room I didn't expect the earth. On arrival the staff were nice and friendly. Had a room on the 1st floor with a terrible view - air ducts surrounded by a wire fencing which had a dead pigeon stuck in the wire! Thought about telling the staff but it was gone by the time we went downstairs. These ducts (or whatever) were humming and we worried that it'd keep us awake but it didn't. There was almost constant pigeon cooing to be heard too. Maybe the ghost of the suicidal pigeon that dive bombed into the wire(!) Otherwise the room was quiet.   We booked a double room it got a twin with the beds pushed together - the beds were comfortable but were a couple who like to share a bed!   Everything about the room just looked a bit tired. Clean but tired and tatty.  …,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or425-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Warning: Only the ground floor rooms are habitable!,"Ground floor rooms labeled ""Gxxx"" (behind the dining room) are worth 3 stars - clean, adequate for the price.  Noise from adjacent rooms was a problem.  However, the rooms in the main area of the hotel are terribly depressing.  Decor: think Alphabet City Manhattan circa 1970. No bugs at least (that I could find- and I looked).",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or425-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Truly dreadful ,"Checked in at 8 pm. Rude staff. Tried to take a credit card fee. Room smokey and couldn't adjust radiator, so far too hot. Was tired, so slept OK, but my wife was bitten badly by bed bugs.   Building going on all around.  A singularly unpleasant place. Only upside is the location, but there are better and cheaper places around.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or430-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a Britannia hotel,As britannia hotels go this was ok to stay in. Was basic but not dirty like other britannia hotels. Food was fine nothing flash and service ok. Only one problem was a female member of staff on front desk to be so rude  she saw me struggling with a pram and child as well as luggage instead of offering to help me through the front door told me to get out and use other door with no help back downstairs she definitely should not work in customer service. Just rude and horrible!,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or430-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Recently renovated makes all the difference,"I have stayed at this hotel in the past.  It is perfect for Camden, London Zoo etc.  It is easy to get to as it is close to a tube station (Northern Line Chalk Farm), which takes you to the Roundhouse's door step!!  After a nice little walk we arrived at the hotel.  We checked in and noticed it looked different from our last stay! The hall ways smell of fresh paint and carpet.  When we opened the door it was a real surprise. New carpet, new furniture really clean and bright room was 0119 bed felt new also! Had a good nights sleep and was very comfortable.  I used it as it was only £79 bed breakfast and just a place to sleep but to be honest I would pay more, it has definitely changed!  We didn't stop for breakfast as had to get an early train but it smelt lovely!! Definitely…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or430-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Harry porter,"Me and my family booked a holiday with national holidays, they use this hotel in London as this was my second time at this hotel first time was ok but this time I am really not happy I would not recommend never staying here we arrived around 5pm to be greeted By none English speaking staff which tuck 2 of them to find us on the list the condition of the room was horrible toe nail clippings on the floor and I have a son who walks around barefoot rotten taps and Windows it's unsafe and unhealthy, the food am sorry but your best off eating basic or value food would taste better it's just fat and nasty tasting food it gave us upset tummies the staff barely speak English and are very rude they walk around talking I believe polish to each other and when not speaking they walk around…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or430-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump!!,"Stayed as part of Harry Potter studio tour with national holidays. Wouldn't stay again ever even if paid too! Was like something out of the shining, very old and dated. Food was disgusting, rooms were scruffy,beds uncomfortable and like sleeping on the floor. Carpet looked like it has never seen a Hoover since they opened the doors of the hotel! Shower/bath is deplorable felt worse after getting out of it, in need of a refurb would definitely avoid!!",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or430-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia Hotel. ,"Stayed at Britannia for a one night stay on a coach tour in London. Don't understand all the negative comments? Food was fine and room standard for what you pay. Staff were friendly and hard working, and location is good. (Not in the middle of central London but near enough to a tube station to easily travel) ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or435-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Total Dump Avoid!,"We're do I start! We attended this hotel as part of the Legoland/London trip with national holidays. This hotel is disgusting, it's worn out and needs closing for refurbishment, the staff are rude, the floors are littered and stained all over and gaffa taped down, the bathrooms are really dirty, the showers disgraceful and looks like it has never seen any bleach, I don't even want to sit on the toilet it's that dirty, the spoons for tea making are stained, the menu in the room had food stuck to it and coffee stains from previous guests, the windows are dirty, the beds are lumpy, the food was horrendous and isn't fresh tasted like it had been left on the warmers for a few hours, the beer is flat. The cups were dirty the glasses looked like they had been washed in greasy water.…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or435-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible. It's like everyone was addicted to sex!,"This place was horrible! Staff are not welcoming at all! Grime all on the curtains and the shower head was very dirty. The walls are paper thin so you can hear what everyone is saying. The room above me was having sex all night and the room next to me was having sex all night! If you want a sleepless night then this hotel is the right for you! If you love rude staff and very smelly hotels then you've booked yourself the right place! It's so outdated and horrible. The lights keep flickering on and off, just as though no one wants to look after the place anymore. Horrible and will never ever ever be coming again. Please do yourself a favour and Don't book!",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or435-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Experience of my Life,"We were given an overnight stay here sold on Groupon as a Christmas gift for a break away. This hotel is disgusting and dirty with hair in the bed, stained dirty sheets, other fluids on the walls, carpets and curtains, the rooms were smelly this, overall was a horrific experience. We refused to stand in the bath to shower due to the stains in the bath and dirt around the taps! Curtains were broken, lights hanging from the roof, cracked toilet and mould on the windows. The bed had plywood under the mattress on the bed base as it was so old and broken! The list could go on.....It's obvious it needs updating which I could cope with but there is no excuse for dirt! We complained and were given another room however this was also disgusting! There are photos from both rooms here. We…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or435-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I don't understand Neg comments!!!,"Stayed here for four days , when we arrived we were welcomed with a smile , filled form in and given directions to our room (on the ground floor)lovely fresh clean room(G003)hotel is being refurbed had breakfast and dinner x 2 really nice hot choice of food.Hotel is 7-10 mins easy walk to Chalk Farm tube station.All in all a lovely 4 days in London.Can't believe it's the same hotel as the neg comments. Will definitely return again!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or435-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable for the price and within easy reach of central London,"Very handy for Camden Town/Market and for both underground and buses to central London.   Room was nice and clean despite a few stains on the carpet by the entrance door but the bathroom had seen better days. The toilet seat needed replacing, there were ""silver fish"" in the bathroom and only one bath towel and one hand towel for two adults! No bathmat.  However, for this price in London I would stay again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or440-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable Hotel.,"We were going to the Theatre so we had a groupon hotel room to use up in the Britannia hotel. I would rate this hotel a three star (3*) it's in need of an update and it shows. It is warm, but the mattress is hard and lumpy. Things are starting to fall off or come away in your hands (personal experiences) The tv in our bedroom only had 4 channels and no music channels. It came with a full English breakfast, which was okay.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or440-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Atrocious! !!,"We could not belive the state in which this hotel was in. Honestly it looks as though the staff are still oblivious to the invention to the vacuum cleaner. The carpets are threadbare and speckled with litter , the lifts have flickering lights and strike the fear of God into you at the thought of being left stranded in one with nothing to do bar guess where the rancid smell is coming from. Arriving at the room where discovered the furniture from the 1986 autumn/winter Argos catalogue. It looked as though Peter Gabriel had spewed the contents into the room whilst singing about a sledgehammer. The shower had to settings , Ötzi and Simon Weston. All power sockets and light switches are placed as far away as possible from the bed , which leaves charging a mobile phone an…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or440-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Is this a joke! ,"To start off with I'm not sure why it's called Britannia Hampstead as it's actually in Camden. However not a huge problem... Especially when you see what they class as  acceptable ! Let me just list the issues we had from our ONE night stay in this hole:  Car park is far to small and insecure! Staff are rude and arrogant. The first room was damp, cold with no heating and insecure (no key to back door) Not to mention the wall paper hanging off the walls! No plug sockets and a dirty shower!   Hotel stinks of cigarette smoke and cannabis throughout! They even provide you with ash trays ! It's 2016 this is illegal!  Especially alarming when I'm heavily pregnant!   Once we complained (3 times) my partner became extremely angry and demanded our money be refunded and we would just…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or440-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Was god for what needed it for,Stayed over night sat 12th March the outside of hotel does not look upto much but that changes inside  ice reception area the guy who greeted us in reception was great but all other staff were very miserable room was good clean and had what we needed for staying the night  bar service was very slow if not impossible to get a drink waited about 20 mins because the person had gone upstairs and reception woman could not serve for whatever reason  we decided to leave it and have a few cans instead   The room - clean and ignore enough for a twin only prob was the radiator was broke and was  stuck at on therefore room very hot which is good for some but I don't like it hot at night and the window only opens about 7/8 inches for security and safety reasons ( must be lots of jumpers ) …,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or440-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay via groupon.,"Clean and tidy with friendly attentive staff. great value via groupon, room, dinner, bottle of wine and breakfast for £75. Lovely old fashioned features in reception and dining area. Stayed on second floor lovely room with comfy bed.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or445-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting filthy place,Went for night to spend an anniversary date with my hubby the first room we were given was dirty bed not made we went down to complain and was given another room which was worse the toilet was brown with grime the bath had a clog of hair left in the plug hole the bed was made of two halves  windows filthy we could not stay here and left we have made a complaint to the people we booked with the owners have tried to say we checked out in the morning and spent the night we traveled back home and was in another place to which has cctv which can prove we did not stay there  absolutely disgusting place should be closed down for a few weeks to get it cleanef ,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or445-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Swamp,quick minute booking",On arrival at this hotel myself and my girl were welcomed with a miserable staff member with a key going down the stairs there was a pool of water in the middle of the hall way a bit like a swamp pool was expecting reptilies to come out and the smell was disgusting the room very outdated need refurbishment seeing as it was a quick minute thing as i just booked didnt think to much because of the respectfull area dont be fooled its a over priced hostel no thank you,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or445-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good,"glad I didn't take advice from what people wrote about this hotel. I rate it a 2* it was clean, friendly service, staff were helpful and the food was ok, would use again. The only problem we had was the noise from outside the hotel, cars, buses and emergencies services going past.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or445-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not the nicest or friendliest of hotels,"So arrival at the hotel, I was barely greeted by the receptionist who communicated with minimal words and mumbled so I had to keep asking her what she said, I stay in a lot of hotels for work and it costs nothing to be friendly to your guests when they check in. She handed my key and mumbled something about where I was to go, I didnt hear her, again I asked she mumbled again about having to press -1 in the lift before it would move and told me I was on the first floor! She could see I hadnt understood but rather than help me further she turned her back to go back to sitting in her office!.Turns out I was actually on the -1 floor which was the ground floor, most hotels I go to have a policy not to put a lone female on the ground floor so I wasnt too impressed. The room was basic,…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or445-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Quiet Location,"My husband had to visit London to organise some visas. We normally stay nearer central London when we visit but after visiting this hotel we will certainly be staying in the area again in the future. It was in a lovely street & Chalk Farm tube station was just around the corner, we felt perfectly comfortable & safe strolling back to the hotel after watching a show in the evening. Camden Town & it's fantastic markets were only one stop away on the tube so you could of probably comfortably walked it. There is parking available at the hotel but it was full when we arrived but the receptionist provided me with directions to a nearby carpark near Swiss Cottage tube station a 5 minute or so walk down the road for £10 per day (you can't pay at the carpark you need to call & pay over…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or450-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I thought but not brilliant!!,"I wouldn't say this place was awful although I cannot review the food as my boyfriend and I did not eat at the hotel. The room was small but comfortable enough for one night; we had a tv with freeview and access to wifi. We ate out at an Indian restaurant which was 3 mins away called Curry Manjil. The food was lovely and the staff were welcoming. We managed to get a parking space which was very lucky and were able to leave it there a few hours before we checked in until 4pm the day after and only for £10. The police were there on our first night because of a disturbance just outside the front of the hotel but when we went to check out the next morning, there was police tape covering the main entrance doors with a large blood stain on the floor in the lobby. A few police officers…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or450-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Easily the worst place I've ever stayed! Do not stay here!!,"Don't even know where to begin.. My boyfriend and I came here for our first year anniversary just for the night (luckily no longer), booking last minute and much to our mistake not checking trip advisor beforehand. We had a double room which cost us £80, fair enough price for a stay in London but not when you arrive to your room and find there are stains on the walls, carpets, bedsheets, wallpaper was coming off in places, carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned since the 50's which was probably the last time the hotel was furnished. We had a balcony but had to pay an extra £5 to lock the door that lead out to it, otherwise leaving our room insecure. After complaining to the gentleman on reception that evening he said all he could offer us was a complimentary breakfast. There…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or450-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Mmm if you have to!,"Stayed a couple of times - firstly in the dungeon basement rooms and then in an upper floor. Basement better quality room but no windows and upper floor room very poor quality. Staff ok but would not stay here again out of choice. The fixtures, furnishings and quality of the upper floor are akin to an Oxfam shop!  ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or450-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needing an update,We had a family room which was clean and enjoyed a fab view towards central London. The lobby was very dark and cluttered and could do with an overhaul.  Sadly the breakfast was the worst we have ever experienced in a hotel,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or450-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,Very happy clean and helpful nice breakfast x  Nice size room   Could not ask for more x  Would definitely return   Right by primrose hill too  Food smelt lovely for evening meal  Free wifi  Tv didn't work great but had laptop   Nothing to complain about in all fairness,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or455-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst I've stayed in ever. Seriously ,"Urine and stale smell in hallways. Staff miserable and rude, even they don't want to be there. Mattress like bricks. Shower had mould everywhere I didn't shower before I left. Sticky carpets. Dust on everything even on room kettle. Was on a night out in Camden was looking for a place to just sleep wasn't looking for anything special but I cannot believe how disgusting this hotel is and the staff match it",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or455-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Glad I ignored the terrible reviews,"I was worried about what state of a hotel I was going to find myself staying in because of all the extremely negative reviews. Me and my partner stayed here for 1 night as we were visiting London. The staff were polite, our room was ready before the check in time and our room was perfectly fine. It was clean and comfortable. Could not ask for any better for the price we paid. We also got a bottle of wine with the deal we had through groupon which we was offered immediately at check in but we decided to have it later on. This hotel is great for the price. Can not complain about anything. Personally I just think that the people who are complaining are the 'fur coat no knickers' type!! ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or455-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise,"A friend and I booked a one night Groupon deal having previously stayed last year on a similar deal in a  rather tired looking room. This time we had a twin room on the ground floor which has been refurbished. It was a lovely surprise! Nice decor, comfy beds and good pillows. Powerful shower and toiletries provided. Tea/coffee making facilities. Self service breakfast was plentiful and suits all tastes.  Friendly and helpful staff. Have booked a return stay in February. Public transport close by both buses and tube and easy access to central London. Altogether a great stay.  Thank you  ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or455-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",New Years Eve,"Booked for three nights BB and evening meal over New Year £196 each. Remembering what we paid this was such a bargain. The room was very clean and recently decorated. Breakfast buffet and evening meal buffet so eat what you wish. Ten minutes walk from  Chalk Farm tube station, bus stop outside (bus C11 to Swiss Cottage, bus 84 to city). Walk to Camden Market. New Year's Eve we walked to Primrose Hill and had a great view of the Eye fireworks along with some very pleasant people. New Year's Day walked to Regents Park. Excellent location.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or455-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good traditional hotel,"I enjoyed my stay here. The welcome at reception was genuine and the rooms are well appointed. We were upgraded from a 'city room' (no windows) on arrival which was a pleasant surprise. If you can get a cheap price (I paid £59) it was a bargain, but I know they can be as high as £160 and not sure the rooms are worth that. Plan where you'll park if you have a car as the car park isn't large. Will certainly be staying again. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or460-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Did what was needed but only just,"The hotel is exactly what we expected from the £60 to £70 price range for London - they all seem to follow a similar trend, tired, minimal outlay on modernising, issues rarely dealt with. We arrived after midnight were directed to the two rooms we'd booked with a general wave towards an area at the back of the restaurant. We went through a couple of double doors to a landing where the smell of damp kicked in first. Took the barely functioning lift up a floor (this is due a breakdown very soon) and found our room. The room was ok as it had nothing unexpected and would definitely serve our purpose which was a place to rest our heads. The room didn't have any damp issues that the landing had threatened, however the window was badly sealed with duct tape and the paper on the walls…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or460-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Was worried...But no need,"Will be honest, we had a quick break in London and were worried about the hotel when we were offered it, but we thought, it's one night so let's go with it...  Outside didn't go to well, horrible net curtains on the windows and a 12min walk from Chalk Farm Tube Station...  BUT.. As we entered, the reception area was clean, smart. We did arrive early and told check in was from 1400 which was fair enough, reception offered to pop our bags away safe so we were able to venture into London and check in later that day.  The rooms... Clean, decent size, and brand new carpets laid.. Good lighting and accessible room overall  This hotel is great for a one or two night short stay in London.. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or460-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel!.......But....,"Second time Ive stayed in here in 2 years, so shouldn’t be surprised how really poor, dirty and utterly charmless this hotel really is, should I!?  Ok from the miserable reception staff on arrival, general dark-browness, dated and corporate dirty carpets, this hotel really is a shocker. Nothing has changed since my previous stay, no updates to decor at all! At least I didnt get the dungeon room this time (basement room with no windows!), but a 5th floor dive. The room was dirty, smelled really bad, had a wet bath matt and even my Prada aftershave would mask the foist.   I learned from my previous mistake and brought my own food, as last times frozen pizza managed to arrive burnt, which was swiftly returned!  SO WHY STAY HERE?  Ive used it twice now for gigs in Camden (15 mins…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or460-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What are you expecting?,"Cheap and cheerful. Difficult to find anywhere as inexpensive so close to Central London. Quiet location near to tube, buses and Camden. Yes the place could do with some TLC but surely no-one comes to the best city in the world to contemplate their hotel's paintwork? Though one lady found it imperative she complain to reception about a wobbly toilet roll holder, in the middle of the afternoon. I mean, for goodness sake, make better use of your time.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or460-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dump,"The hotel doesnt look too bad when you walk in. The rooms however are like something from the 70's. Which is probably the last time they had any maintenance done too. The rooms are falling to bits, walls are paper thin and the whole place smells of dead people. Tv broken. Beds are as comfy as lying on the floor. Terrible bedsing. This is one of the worst nights sleeps i have had for ..... well since the last time i stayed in London. I suppose it was reasonably priced for london and there are probably even worse hotels at higher rates. Just avoid London if possible",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or465-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Not great, good for short lodging but nothing more","This place is... weird. For starters - the hotel itself is very old and smells of old wood. The decorations on my floor were all drawing of nude man and women, and the floors are a maze by itself and if you are travelling with more than a handbag you are welcomed into carrying your stuff up the stairs (I got a room at floor -1). The service is OK. Located a walking distance from the northern line.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or465-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good in the main ,"Looks like it was built in the 70's and very little work done on it since. It's kept tidy and well maintained in spite if it's tired state. Single glaze windows for example, very little soundproofing between the rooms. Price is reasonable for the location close to Chalk Farm on the Northern Line tube and the upmarket Hampstead area within 10 - 15 minutes walk to the renowned Camden Town market . The food is good, with ample supplies of good breakfast options. I found the waiting staff to be very friendly and responsive to requests. The bar man on the evening shift professional and  well informed. I found all the staff to be courteous professional and helpful. The rooms are comfortable the bed was especially comfortable. The decor is very dated but kept tidy. Wouldn't take much…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or465-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Ground floor, roomy double room, comfortable bed. Heating great and window gave adequate ventilation.  Secondary double glazing kept out the noise of traffic.  Ironing board & iron useful. Bathroom large and very clean. Parking space available.  Full English breakfast with plenty of choice.  The staff were friendly and courteous.  Not  a looker from the outside but inside was fine.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or465-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Difficult to find anywhere in London for under 200 quid for 2 nights.   This fits the bill if you are with a friend and are not planning on spending too long in the hotel. This is not for families or a romantic getaway.   Unfriendly hotel staff, unfriendly atmosphere and the rooms are a transportation back to the 1850's.  Other than that, it was alright.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or465-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Negative Reviews? Me Too,"Now I'm quite conservative with my reviews usually and am a great believer in ""you get what you pay for"". Unfortunately, this is not the case here. As I was walking up the road to the place the whole look of the building and the curtains in the Windows gave the impression of is it open or closed? Grim is probably a better word. The whole building looked grey and dingey and some of the curtains at the Windows lookers as if they were falling off the rails.  Once at reception the prognosis seemed no better. I was greeted curtly and told in no uncertain terms that breakfast was not included in the rate. Now I paid £80 through hotels.com and if I had paid more would certainly be asking for a refund.  My room was on a basement level so the view was of the Tarmac on the road. As I got…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or470-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,"      We booked this hotel for the location near to Chalk Farm underground (10min) walk and had limited parking which luckily a bay was available at £10 per day and was also close to the M1 as I had a meeting on the Monday. We were allocated an Executive room on the 5th floor which was clean and functional, but on the main road which is very noisy at night with the emergency sirens going the the night . The hotel is very tired and in need of an upgrade and modernisation. The reception girl was very helpful and informative although a little difficult to understand at first. The Wi-Fi worked well, but the TV signal was bad and the stations limited which really did not affect our stay as we were out most of the time. We did not use the bar or restaurant so cannot comment although…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or470-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Handy position but all a bit dated now,The hotel is  a bit dated and really showing the signs of wear and tear.  The staff however were very good and the breakfast ok.   No fan in the bathroom. dodgy plumbing on the toilet flush. All areas in need of refurbishment,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or470-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"Yes the hotel on the whole is dated but for location and value for money you can't go wrong. 150 pounds for a weekend in the capital so close to camden, primrose hill and the tube to get around London you can't argue with that. Had a room which you could see had recently been renovated and had no real complaints. Found the staff/reception friendly and check-in was a breeze. Ignore the over picky reviews on here hotel is fine especially for value for money . Will stay again for sure.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or470-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Guess the stain,"Me an my husband had a stay here for a concert and it isn't great, the whole place is tired an we got to play guess the stain. The bathroom was ok and the bedding was clean, the breakfast was good and that's it I'm afraid there was dust and grime everywhere and odd stains on the carpet and walls, the curtains were mouldy but the staff were nice and it wasn't a basement room which I was pleased about. I wouldn't go back for obvious reasons.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or470-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Porridge available!,"Dreadful reviews put us off but it was not all bad. The two foreign receptionists were not at all welcoming, they were brusque and unfriendly. They gave us a double bed despite having a printout that said clearly we had booked a twin they argued that we were wrong. Not a good start. The water in the bathroom was hot but the shower did not work. The beds were fine with clean sheets. The power sockets were loose from the wall. The carpets were worn and shoddy...repaired in places with sticky tape. The breakfast was very good. There was cereal, juice, grapefruit segments and Porridge. Bacon, sausage, black pud,tinned mushrooms and tomatoes,etc plus tea, coffee, croissants and toast.  We found good bus links from the hotel and would possibly return.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or475-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A great disappointment.  Avoid!,"We spent one uncomfortable night in this hotel in October.  From the start we had an unpleasant surprise as the hotel charges for use of its car park, £20 overnight. Our room was very shabby and in urgent need of redecoration.  The room stank of cigarette smoke, it permeated the entire interior and made us both feel unwell.  The heating didn't work and when we complained were told it simply wasn't meant to, they hadn't turned it on...  In the morning we discovered there was no hot water either, it was barely tepid.    We skipped the over priced breakfast and fled.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or475-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standard,"Stayed here for business function at nearby Roundhouse. Hotel very neglected - dirty carpets, curtains hanging off rails, mould in bathroom. Staff very demotivated. Would not recommend this hotel & not cheap either. Try nearby Danubius ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or475-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,I visited with my wife for the weekend. The hotel was recommended to me. The hotel is old and needs a lick of paint. On booking in the clerk was friendly enough. There was hardly any parking and we ended up in the disabled bay with the staffs permission.   We had breakfast which was good.there is also a bar there. It had Internet and a very good connection.  We arrived late and we were given a room in the basement. It had no windows. We were disappointed but did not complain as it was late. We did complain the next day and we were told that it was on the Internet that we may get put in the basement.  To get to the basement we had to go past the gents toilet and it did smell. I went in there twice and it stunk and the toilets were badly soiled.   On leaving I asked to see the…,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or475-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly and adequate,"Fantastic staff, really helpful and friendly. It is cheap but perfectly adequate, bath and shower, kettle hairdryer ironing board and an iron in the room. Have stayed there twice and would go back. The walk to chalk farm tube and into Camden is only a few minutes perfect for tube and the roundhouse. Regents park and primrose hill park is a few minutes away. Breakfast was fantastic. People criticizing obviously expect 5 star treatment for 1 star prices, location is worth every penny and the staff are priceless.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or475-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic value for money for a london hotel,Stayed here on sunday 25th oct .lovely location near primrose hill .very helpful staff  nice bar area and nice spacious room with tea /coffee  iron /ironing board hairdryer  trouser press .comfy bed .all in all a very pleasant stay definitely would stay again,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or480-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Emergency stay,"The hotel service is amazing, very helpful, polite and respectful, but it was my emergency choice to stay there and I would never go back there again. The room and bathroom was clean but there was some missing parts in the room and I had to wait 5 mins to get warm not even hot water :(",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or480-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel for the price,I paid just over £1000 for 3 nights the room was aledgley the best in the hotel. The walls were all dirty the furniture broke the bathroom very dirty. As for the restraunt i just could not bring myself to use it. It just did not look nice. I asked the staff for another room they stated it was the best in the hotel with that I Checked out after 1 night. I will not be using this hotel or any of teh Britania group again,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or480-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",More 2*,"This place is yelling out for an overhaul. Everything worn, stained and dated. First room stank of nicotine, and the second had no cold running water and only scolding hot from the other taps (have a scolded hand to prove it!) . Only decent thing is the WiFi. Won't be back.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or480-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Its not bad and ina nice rural setting,"This Brittania Hotel, Hamstead was booked via mobile due to arrangements going wrong in London . Only rooms left were in the basement and this floor has no windows . If I was in London again I might still stay here as nice leafy London suburb but I would avoid the basement roofs as its not pleasant to wake up and not know if its light or dark .  The receptionist who booked me in was a bit miserable and a smile would probably crack her face. The room had a comfortable bed but at this range the entrance door is right onto the corridor so you will think people passing are actually in your room . The showers and facilities were fine if not the most modern and I didn't make it to the restaurant. So in summary Not bad but avoid the basement rooms.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or480-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, not necessarily cheerful, but okay.","I've previously vowed never to stay at a Britannia Hotel ever again after a shocking experience in Manchester many years ago.   We were in London and decided at the last minute to stay an extra couple of days but the hotel we were staying at was fully booked.   I searched online for somewhere suitable for a good price and all I could find were guesthouses and hostels. I decided to book a 'secret hotel deal' where you are given discount but the name of the hotel is only revealed after purchase. My heart sank when I saw the words 'Britannia Hotel'.   We arrived and of course the hotel looked pretty tired and outdated, which is really what I have come to expect with this chain of hotels. We were given one of the newer rooms on the ground floor. We found the room to be spacious and…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or485-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",hotel is fine,we had a double room on the fifth floor which was fine.  The room needs some refurbishment but evrything else in the hotel is ok. thicker duvets would be good evening buffet is nice and good value. we did not try breakfast,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or485-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel but a great experience,"Yes it's a budget hotel. Yes it's decor is a bit dated. However, I stayed there with my girlfriend for a  London mid-week break and the experience was excellent. The best thing about this hotel is the staff. They were superb; always being friendly, helpful and welcoming. The next best thing was the choice of breakfast. Really impressive and and a great way to set yourself up for the day. I stay in hotels all over the world and while this can never compete with the worlds' best hotels - we both enjoyed our stay there and would stay there again without hesitation.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or485-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Booked to stay albeit last minute at this hotel in Hampstead Heath.  Without question the most atrocious hotel I have ever been in.  Wasn't expecting too much but was shocked that such abysmal accommodation is still available.  Had we not arrived late in the evening we would have left.  Holes in the hall carpets on way to our room didn't inspire confidence and we were not disappointed.  A twin room that had clearly seen better days, a carpet so filthy that we didn't take our shoes off except to get into beds.  Peeling wallpaper, holes in walls, filthy chairs, stained and way past their best.  Filthy curtains.  Having booked a non smoking room we ended up in a smoking room that stank and I'm not sure it was just cigarette smoke.  Rusted and chipped mirror in bathroom.  Nothing to…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or485-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect North London Retreat offering genuine Vintage 60's - 70's ambience,"From the welcoming staff to the delicious breakfast this hotel is a perfect hideaway or one night retreat.  Located just off the Finchley Road and within easy reach of Belsize Park and Hampstead it even has it's own parking facilities, albeit at £10 per day.  Plenty of hot water, clean and comfortable rooms, The Britannia Hampstead Hotel combines an aura of solid state'60's chic (well polished dark wooden entrance space, revolving glass doors, large picture windows, quality brass candelabras) with efficient and approachable reception staff and competent chefs. If you want to step back in time and experience a bit of genuine retro vintage 1960-70's ambience then this is the hotel for you.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or485-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,The good:  -We didn't die.  The bad: -The room was in a windowless basement. -A strong moldy smell was present. -Pretty sure mold is growing on the wall (see picture). -staff was unwilling to help or entertain our concerns.  Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere. ,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or490-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Bad Mattress, Ugly Room.","We found that the hotel is in a great location near Camden Town. However, when we arrived to our room: we had to go to the basement floor, there were no windows nor A/C, the mattress was worn out and hurt our backs. If the mattress hadn't been so horrid I would've found it funny because the room looks exactly like the lovechild from The Shining Hotel and the maid's room in Downton Abbey. We didn't have a hair dryer in our room, nor did we have enough towels for two. We were promised a Holiday Inn like hotel, they did not deliver. When you're traveling, resting is essential. Please think twice before booking a bad mattress and unresponsive staff.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or490-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre break to London,"We were a little dubious about booking this hotel as we had read some reviews which were not too good, but I'm glad to say we gave it a go. We found all the staff to be polite and friendly, admittedly we were given a room which had been re-furbished and found it very clean and modern. The breakfast was also of a good standard, and we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a decent place to stay at a reasonable cost. It was also ideally situated for transport to the centre of London.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or490-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Family coach trip,"Room smelled damp on entering next morning I know why window didn't open hence the desk fan on my dresser to combat the condensation on window ,bathroom door didn't close it didn't even go into the frame so didn't dare use shower after the warning steam sets the fire alarm off ( did inform front desk of this) bed was comfy though shame the TV reception wasn't great    Food was lovely and the hotel location too!!think your needing do some well needed updating",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or490-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Staff fantastic.... Hotel fabric poor.,".I read all the reviews and was sorely tempted to cancel my booking. I shared for one night and my findings opinion is as follows  The rooms are in dire need of refresh  The sheets etc require replacing  The water temperate of the bath water was a maximum of tepid at best  However......... The staff were extremely friendly, helpful and as good as any I have came across at 5 star hotel.   So a message to the hotel owners, match the hotel fabric to the same quality of the staff and you on a winner  Last point to note.. Hotel is only a 10 minute walk from Chalk tube station ",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or490-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Just to summarize: - Very dirty (old and supe dirty). I would never sleep again. Floor and bed and everything full of stains.  - Bathroom leeks from above (pee), disgusting. After noticing they didn't even change the room - Breakfast very very poor (they have no cheese). The ""Full English Breakfast"" is a joke.  -TV with only 4 channels was not working. (the antenna cable was missing, had to do everything by myself.   The only good thing is the location.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or495-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't!!!,Never again!! What in gods name was this NO WINDOW it's 2015 for god sake!  Felt like I was in a cellar  The place was old and grungy  We couldn't wait to get out of here!!  Did not feel comfortable!! At all It was HOT Kept fan on all night!!   They seriously need to reduce prices Revamp!!  Please!!!  I definitely will not be staying here ever again...  Not even if I was desperate!!  I would rather sleep in my car....,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or495-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend,"The hotel at first glance was yuk from the outside but inside was quite nice the rooms were fine as was food  and the staff were very polite so in my opinion for a short stay it was fine ,,there are a few pubs and and places to eat near by,",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or495-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location for London - property needs to raise its game.,"My Travel agent and the hotel had not communicated effectively so the reception was not expecting me. Took them about 20 minutes to sort it. But it meant I was in a windowless basement room - they are not relaxing. Hotel needs the refurbishment being talked about. Breakfast - cereals, fruit  & yoghurt and full english provided. Ignored the cereals and went for the fruit & youghurt - average quality for the mid-range hotel this is. The english breakfast is nit so good - food is prepared and left on a heated range, this is usual for a mid-range hotel - but it leaves the food drying out and the fried eggs become rubbery very quickly. Many hotel prepare smaller batches of breakfast as the serving proceeds. The tomatoes - tinned and reheated - were abysmal. I'll try this hotel after…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or495-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible quality-price ratio,"I travel quite a bit and usually dont complain much. But this one, It was Stinky, decoration was of bad taste, old, windowless room. So many things need to be redone. I cant believe this was 200 euros a night....................................................................................",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or495-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel in a lovely area,Got a deal in this hotel. It's in one of the nicest areas of London. Hotels are super expensive in London. This place is a great for the location vs proce. The hotel is not going to win any award but certainly serves it's purpose .  ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or500-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, Clean, Convenient - Room For Improvement","Bad: The decor is very dated, the room was a bit musty, it lacked many of the things you'd expect in a hotel such as hair dryer, air conditioning, and there weren't many easily accessible plugs. Bathroom was a bit leaky - constant dripping from shower. Soundproofing should be considered as could hear noise from other rooms very clearly. Most annoying thing was that a member of staff opened the door to our room and walked in at about 8am on the Saturday. I have no idea why as we put the 'do not disturb' sign outside and it wasn't a cleaner because the cleaning occurred at about midday - so not sure what was going on there, but it woke me up.  Good: The room was clean, bathroom was also clean and bed was comfy. Location was ideal, so close to Chalk Farm and Camden Town. As a place…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or500-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed For iTunes Festival,"Not a nice hotel. Needs major upgrades all throughout the building. The hotel staff weren't very helpful & the bar staff were very slow. They messed up the booking of my room & didn't help much to resolve the issue. Can tell why it was cheaper than the other hotels nearby. At the very least I didn't have to walk far to The Roundhouse, Camden or the markets. ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or500-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Terrible place to stay. In massive need of refurbishment. Not particularly clean either. Breakfast was about the only half decent thing there. Highly advise against staying there! The woodwork in the windows is starting to rot, the bathroom furnishings are outdated and not functioning correctly....... The list goes on!",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or500-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",BUDGET HOTEL BUT CLEAN AND COMFORTABLE,"Went with coach trip to see the Jersey Boys show at the Piccadilly Theatre stayed at the hotel overnight the room was very clean with coffee / tea making facility , good shower and clean bathroom , used the bar area selection of drinks good and staff friendly , full breakfast very good",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or500-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"We stayed across a total of 3 ""city rooms"" in the hotels basement - all 3 rooms were damp, the carpet was filthy, the rooms were filthy, the hotel was old and in desperate need of repair. One of our toilets didn't flush. The breakfast was disgusting. They charged us twice despite us already paying the bill on arrival. The lemonade and beer were stale. Absolute shambles of a hotel!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or505-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not a child friendly Hotel,"We were with a coach tour going to Legoland. We arrived at nearly 7pm and was quickly given our key to our room 316, after being told that we were late. There are only 2 lifts and they are not very big. It was a warm day and the corridors were hot as was the bedroom, and you could not get any cool air from anywhere, people were sitting with the bedroom doors open. The curtains were drawn in our room and when we went to open them we found they were like rhat because the hooks had come of the rail.The bathroom had mould on it but the hot water was dangerouslly hot. Bath towels were clean and white, and there was bath/showere gel and shampoo, no flannels but soap Our double bed was comfy and bedding lovely and white with 2 pillows each. Our grand-daughters large single was not so.…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or505-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Depends what you're used to,"I stayed here for one night each over two weeks. The first night I thought it was fairly reasonably priced for a London hotel and about two miles from the job I was doing. When I checked in, a car park barrier raised to let me in as there is no on street parking available unless you like to decorate your walls with parking tickets. I was told that if I wanted to leave my car overnight, then it would cost an additional £10 each night. I was working into the evening, so decided to see what was available after finishing work. You need a token from the check in desk to be able to get out of the car park. There is another route across the front of the hotel, but they park a car across it to stop you. I went to my room and was given a Wifi code to access the internet. I left my bags,…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or505-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Horrendous Disgusting, Filthy, Hell-Hole!!!  The stench will never leave me!!","I reiterate all that has been said. We fled to the nearest Premier Inn after 1 night - need I say more.  I will not be using National Holidays again as I have looked up some of the other hotels they use - horrendous.    It is unacceptable for the manager not to justify why this hotel stays open until the refurbishment.  Surely health and safety must come before profit?  What refurbishment?  There is no evidence of it going on in this 'hotel' and I am very suspicious that this will go ahead at all.  Not that I would stay here ever again!  Perhaps the manager in reply to this review could let customers know when this work is due to commence?  Also, Trip advisor needs an option for unrateable.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or505-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous ,"I cannot say anymore Than  ..... Horrendous DONT GO!!! Dirty Filthy toilet Filthy shower  Rusty shower rail Broken taps Stains in bath Old hairs on bathroom floor Bulbs missing  Stained bed  Stained bed sheets  Filthy damaged curtains Mouldy windows Blood and Poo on wallpaper Noisy Headboard screwed to wall Smells Pictures screwed to walls Staff unfriendly  We did not get a shower, we did nit risking meals I could go on and on ...... Hard to believe guests are allowed to stay in this Place.... Good Luck you'll need it if you stay here. ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or505-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Choose somewhere else - TERRIBLE,"Firstly we were charged for parking which was not mentioned when the booking was made.  The room was dirty, shabby and in need of refurbishment as did the whole hotel. The shower leaked all over the floor, the bottom bed sheet with disgusting, the towel rail was insecure, the lamp shade was filthy and there were blood stains on the wall. The carpet outside the room was stuck down with gaffer tape! The cooked breakfast was the worst that I have had the misfortune to taste.  The barman looked at me rather blankly when I requested tea, his English was very poor and difficult to understand.  Look at the photos of the room they do not lie.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or510-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Prebooked,and disgusting","Filthy,blood everywhere, broken glass outside rooms, list is endless, food not fit for consumption, only water provided with evening meal which we didn't eat, chips served with breakfast 😞 yuk yuk and yuk",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or510-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hate the revolving door!!!,"Walls are too thin, could hear way too much of what was going on in the next room not to mention the noise from the street.  Again, HATE the self push revolving door at the entrance - so heavy and awkward with a suitcase, just get some automatic glass doors!  Location was good & the the place looked fine from outside but the rooms really had seen better days.  Could do with some TLC as it's pretty dated and there are stains and rips in the carpets, marks on the floors and walls also our toilet didn't flush very well as the button was half broken!!  ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or510-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE - Dirty and unhelpful staff,"Rooms were disgusting. Mouldy, old and dirty. Smell in the hallways was awful. Staff were not helpful and the manager is rude and unreceptive to the facts regarding the state of the hotel he is managing. WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or510-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay in a cute hotel,"Me and my friend stayed for one night as we were spending two days shopping in London. It's situated in a lovely area of London, and the walk to the hotel from the underground wasn't very far, although I'm sure you could easily get a bus, but we weren't very confident to get one. It's got a lot of old time features but that sets the tone and makes it feel more friendly. The room had everything we needed for our one night stay, it even had some little chairs to sit on instead of just the beds.  All in all we really enjoyed our stay, and the staff were really friendly. If we had thought about it more we may have had breakfast in the restaurant downstairs. I would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or510-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"This is not a hotel but a hostel.most disgusting place I,ve ever stayed.the hotel is filthy dirty,riddled with mould,stinks of foist,the food is disgusting and it is not suitable for familys.absolutely shocked even the bathroom in our second room had water pouring through the light socket,first room was in the basement,no ventilation and no carbon monoxide monitors,communal areas are the filthiest things I,ve ever seen.only saving grace was the manager and receptionist we dealt with were lovely and did there best to help. Overall opinion lovely staff but avoid hotel at all costs unless you are homeless and looking for a dss hostel",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or515-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"I am currently having to stay in this hotel for work purposes, it's probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Room is not to bad apart from noise from traffic outside my window. TV has no guide so have to flick through to pick something to watch. Bed has been semi made every day and towels have been changed, unless old ones were folded and put back. The corridor on the way to my room absolutely stinks of mould. Then there is the food. Breakfast is not too bad, but dinner is terrible. Don't pay £10 to eat here I suggest going outside for munch. You don't get any drink at all with dinner you have to buy one from the bar. Still I have to come back for another week next week. Can't wait. ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or515-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place,"First night here out of three working away. Tvs are ancient, can watch BBC 1 or......oh thats about it. No HDMI port so I can't plug my ps4 in to keep me entertained. The wifi doesn't reach my room so I can't use my ipad to do anything either....basically in prison for three nights.  After seeing other reviews im now worried that my ps4 will disappear.  Food is average and over priced. Safe to say Thursday can't come round quick enough.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or515-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",NOT THAT GOOD !,"We stopped for 2 nights to visit the sights the place is very tired very old furniture tv has 5 channels the reception was easy to book in, car parking on site first come first served.  Parking is £10 a day if you pay for breakfast the day before its £7 in the morning its £10. The bar staff are very slow either no one there or you find them in the office talking, you let them know that you are there and they will serve you when they are ready after several minutes,if you are looking for base for sightseeing etc. and don't mind basic then this hotel is o.k",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or515-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, dismal, dump","Overpriced, dingy, worn out, tired, scruffy, smelly and so on. Never stay here. Took one look in the bar and left, much nicer places just round the corner to spend time. It's crap and will go on my never in a million years list!!  The cabbie said it was the old Clive of India hotel. He'd be turning in his grave to have this dump Named after him",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or515-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Average at best,"Recently stayed here after seeing Ed Sheeran in concert at Wembley. We booked this hotel as part of a package with the ticket. Which cost, £199 each. The tickets being £52. So in theory we paid around £147 each for our room. The room was VERY dated. The plug sockets didnt work, the chair was wobbly and broken. When we arrived back at the hotel after the gig, which admittedly late....12.30am. We tried to order some food from the bar from the snack menu. Which was no longer serving food. Which is fair enough. But the next day, when we again tried to order food from the snack menu, that states on the menu bar opens at 11. Food served throughout the day. We were told that food wouldn't be served until 3 when i phoned down to reception...which took 20 minutes to get through too. I…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or520-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stopover ,I recently stayed here after an ed sheeran concert. It does take a while via bus and tube to get here from wembley so decided before we left for london to get a taxi after the concert straight to the hotel which would have cost between 30-40£. We went to the taxi rank outside wembley but every taxi that turned up was prebooked. Asked police officer he said best thing to do is to get a tube out of tge area and then get a taxi as u could be stuck for couple hours in traffic if u did manage to get taxi. So that is my advice if u are staying here after a wembley concert get tube to kings cross and if u use ur contactless debit card its cheaper then a taxi to the hotel. Total cost was 23£ there was 2 of us and we wasnt stuck in any traffic. Room was ok nothing special but it was…,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or520-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Laptop and tablet stoeln out of hotel room,"This hotel was TERRIBLE. I will never stay at this hotel or a hotel by this chain. My father and I stayed here for a night before we flew out to Spain only to wake up and realize that my laptop and his Visio tablet were stolen RIGHT OUT OF OUR HOTEL ROOM. We were only out of the room for a few hours the night before to get a late dinner and our devices never left the room so there is no doubt that they were taken out of the hotel room. We told the hotel staff at the front desk the morning of that they were missing and not only did they immediately tell us that the hotel had no cameras, but they were so uncaring about the incident. They did not offer to help us with a police report, which I did on my own, but they offered no assistance at all. We called the hotel every day for…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or520-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Boys weekend,"For a boys weekend away to watch AC/DC the hotel was acceptable, all we were looking for was a hotel to get our heads down at night. We didn't spend much time around the hotel but the bar was fine😄😄 we didn't eat here but from a distance the breakfast looked ok, but no idea what it cost. The rooms were probably very modern 30 years ago, but they are dated nowadays, however they were clean and our bedroom was tidied both days. The staff were fine, mainly foreign but that's fine as they were very polite.  The hotel was situated about 10 minutes walk from Chalk Farm underground and about 3 minutes away from a Starbucks, was a residential area so pretty quiet at night.  Would I take my wife there? Probably not!!",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or520-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Wireless festival,"We stayed for 2 nights at this hotel while we were at wireless festival. It was perfect in terms of location and distance to the park.   There was a room service menu in the room, but no phone. A creepy photo on bathroom wall watching shower, no ice machine so dont expect more than 1 pint glass of ice (we asked for 2 as there was 2 of us and were told to go to tesco and buy some). The window in the bedroom opens the tiniest amount which makes the room very warm in summer.   We turned on the tv to see if it worked and a message pops up each time saying ""cock"" then underneath ""call reception for a"".   The shower in the room also didnt work. We mentioned not having a phone in our room to reception when askin for ice and nearest takeaway and got ignored they instead allowed us to…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or520-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The reviews are accurate stay away,"I have stayed in a few hotels owned by this chain. Each stay is getting progressively grimmer. Sadly as it was Wimbledon fortnight rooms in London are at a premium and I had no option but to stay here. I have nothing good to say. Weirdly I didn't get a VAT invoice, only a receipt. To understand why was going to cost me 10p a minute so thought better of it. ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or525-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","If this is the last hotel in London, buy a tent.","The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.    Truly dreadful place.  The entire hotel needs a complete refurb.  The rooms seem not to have been decorated in years, and are literally falling apart.  My window was kept shut with a wedge of paper, the toilet only worked when you pumped the flush for a few minutes, and the walls are so thin that I could hear the mn nect door running water in his washbasin.  The shared areas of the hotel are tatty.  One of the two lifts was broken, and the carpet on the landing was taped down with green gaffer tape.  A smell of must pervaded the entire hotel.  The staff are not rude, but are disinterested.  They dont even bother with the basics like ""enjoy your stay"" etc.  Its as if they KNOW you won't.  Truly truly dreadful.  Avoid this place",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or525-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute booking,"We think we were in staff accomodation It was a basement room, no windows,minute bathroom, too hot, there was a fan in the room, very noisy but essential. We should have been in Brugge but French strikers set fires to Eurostar tracks and by the time we returned to London we were amongst several other displaced people looking for somewhere to sleep for the night. All other hotels were booked up so we were relieved to find this hotel. As we needed to return to St. Pancras early next morning we didn't take a breakfast but the food looked fine and the menus for other meals looked like excellent value for money. With a better room we think worth looking at,only 6 mins in taxi to centre and even hailing cab from outside the hotel the cost for 4 of us plus luggage was only £8, far…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or525-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money bar prices were good very laid back reminded me of Faulty towers!,Location was good near to chalk farm tube station 10 mins walk not far if you wanted to go to Camden Market or Camden town bus stop with frequent metro buses would recommend to buy an oyster card as buses do not take money! top up at Victoria or shops that display logo Room was okay are balcony had all air con so could not go out onto it and very noisy! Breakfast as much as you want for £7 deal they seemed to have a lack of staff as they were covering kitchen and bar Some areas of hotel run down and could do with a lick of paint on exterior but we would stay again as good value for money compared to other hotels in area Car park beware of extra charges!,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or525-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting............,"I needed to stay a night in Hampstead and my daughter got a £100 deal on lastminute.com for a double room. I believe the rack rate was nearer £200  I have stayed here about 12 years ago and it was OK, so thought fine. And you can park in the street round the corner overnight for free.  The nice girl at reception told me my room, G001 was 'new', and through the ground floor restaurant.  Indeed it was new, but to basic domestic standards, not hotel ones. The TV needed expert assistance from a very helpful bloke to get any sense out of it. The double bed was basic but OK and there was single bed too.  But, there was no window, any where. There was a portable fan blowing , and possibly some aircon , but I couldn't find it. And it was a hot night, but in truth, somehow the temp was…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or525-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Left in the same state as the hotel.......tired,"Very run down hotel. On checking in I was given a basement room. Instantly I was concerned. The hall way downstairs to my room stank off drains and strong bleach. Finally made it to the room after the maze of smelly corridors only to be treated with a cigarette smelling room. No AC or window to open to even freshen the room. Stale smell was pretty unbearable. We were in a rush so got showered and left without reporting it to reception.  Awful nights sleep on the uneven sponge mattress. The curtains are wafer thin so you wake up at sun rise. Being June it's around 5am!  Would recommend if you need to be in Camden and don't want to pay for the tube or a taxi, the price is also ok for London.  Would not recommend if you want a good sleep, want a fresh smelling room, want to feel…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or530-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",June 10,"Good enough for the price . When i red the reviews i was afraid to book, i wanted that hotel because of the place. The reception is old but our room was great. The staff is friendly and helpful. Good neighborhood next to camden market and 5 minutes walk from chalk farm tube ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or530-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired hotel and rude staff,I stayed for two nights last week for a trip to London with a friend.   When we arrived there was a very small tight car park first come first park basis. So don't expect to be able to leave your car there and even if you do expect it to be blocked in when you want to leave.   We had booked two rooms but only one was in there system. We waited 20 minutes before being told it was ok. My friends room had no window. My room had a window but I wish it didn't as the curtains were so thin the sunlight woke me up at 4am with no chance of getting back to sleep.   Bedroom and bathroom was clean how you would expect.   TV had rubbish reception so was unwatchable.   Bar staff did not stay in the bar so if you wanted a drink you will wait or go to reception and ask one of them who will just…,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or530-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"Location is ideal. This is where the positives end. The hotel is in major need of a refurb. Paying £90 (including parking) isn't as good a deal as you think you might be getting. Especially when nearby chain hotels are priced at £100. Mice traps in the hallways and rat traps in the car parks are never a good sign. Although our initial encounter with staff (Elena) was lovely the other staff on shift were generally rude or unhelpful.  In the morning, when asking for somewhere to grab a coffee or buy an umbrella the receptionist said she didn't know and walked off into another room. Disappointed.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or530-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Vintage or just OLD?,"its a really old designed hotel with a charming english design. It was clean, the bathroom was ok, the location was good and staff was average. I felt I was in an english old movie. The worst for me was the fact that the curtains were really thin and the sunlight got in from 6am in the morning. Horrible feeling if you plan to sleep a bit more. Maybe It wont be a problem in winter, but in summer it is! Also you could hear clearly everything from other rooms!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or530-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel but really good value for your money.,"Having digested previous reviews I did not expect a great experience, but the location was really ideal for what I needed to do, so I risked staying at this Hotel.The receptionist was polite and had to deal with an issue with Last Minute who had not contacted the hotel with our booking. She dealt with that within a few minutes and we were allocated Room 314.I often read reviews where receptionists are given a poor rating, but I think if you treat them with respect, they reciprocate. Room 341 was reasonably clean, quiet, and had a great uninterrupted view of the City skyline.The light fittings appeared new.The exterior window panes were moderately dirty, but you cannot expect these to be cleaned on a daily basis! The bath and shower worked efficiently and the water was always…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or535-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",shabby,"Stayed in this hotel over the weekend of the 29/05/15, reception not too bad bar and tv room nice, dinning room comfortable, then we get too our room on the fifth floor at about 1500hrs firstly you have too ride in the smelly lifts, then you have too pass the left over dishes of food and half empty cups left in the hallway outside 1 room [ still there in the morning when we went to breakfast at 0915hrs]. Our room was for a special occasion , should've bought my carpet cleaner and bigger bed. Could've also done with some high and low dusting  and also the curtain rail needs some attention  as we had too tug to close them , by then they had fallen off. They had an extension lead under the table with one plug free, my charging appliances would not fit in the wall . The best thing…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or535-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Would Stay Again,We stayed for 1 night after going to Camden Rocks and it was ideal. It was 10 minutes walk to Camden Town and the area felt safe walking back at night. The room was a really good size and was clean and comfortable and there was plenty of hot water. Amazing views over the London skyline from our window was an unexpected treat. The staff were very helpful. The hotel itself has got lots of character and although things like carpets and the bathroom are in need of a facelift it didn't feel run down. I slept fine  but my brother was kept awake by the noise of the air con kicking in. We paid £99 for a twin which is a similar price to a budget chain with bland decor and no personality and found this a more interesting place to stay. We would both stay again.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or535-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",tired hotel,"I stopped at this hotel last night, I and to be honest I won't go back. When we checked in, the service was prompt and efficient, shame though a smile wouldn’t have gone amiss. The room given to us was a dingy smelly room with no visible ventilation on a lower floor whose curtains didn’t close properly and all and sundry could see in, if the windows weren’t filthy. I was told there was a window but I couldn’t see how it open, maybe it was the one my wife said was hidden behind the wardrobe. They did change without hesitation to another room, which was acceptable if not very inspiring. I’ve read on other reviews that there is an upgrade going on and the manger hopes people will give him another chance but the most damming questions are, would you go back? Would you recommend it…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or535-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",tired and shabby,"First, the positives. Decent location for access to tube stations and Camden area.  However I can only say that this hotel is very dated and the cleaning could be significantly improved. The bedroom was incredibly shabby with broken furniture and dodgy hygiene in the bathroom. The breakfast was very basic and definately not worth the money. Although it was reasonably priced for London, the standards in this hotel have dropped considerably over the past couple of years. I also found the staff to be disinterested and not welcoming throughout our stay. In short,  I wont return or recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or535-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet location,"Stayed for weekend at this hotel on Primrose Hill Road in Hampstead, if you want four star treatment, go elsewhere, the spacious rooms are clean, bathrooms have plenty hot water and clean towels all I need after a good day sightseeing, with a good bus service outside hotel there is easy access to bustling Camden Lock, or further afield, but for the more energetic within easy walking distance of Primrose Hill or even Regent Park, I must admit I did hear some complaints concerning the standard of the food, but my choices at the buffet style breakfast and evening meal were satisfactory, this is an affordable hotel with no airs and graces.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or540-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Wembley,"Stayed here overnight for a trip to wembley for the football...it was basic but clean, breakfast was pricey..hotel could do with updating..centralish location 4 camden town...staff were ok...overall ok",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or540-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I do not recommend this hotel!!!,"I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. It is free to park in the street on a single yellow line from 6:30pm to 8am or in a bay on the street from 6:30pm to 9am. Thge hotel charge £10 per day. The car park was always full so I could never park there. I managed to get my car in for ten minutes to bring my bags down and they wouldn't let my car out of the car park in until I had paid £10 for every night I stayed in the hotel even though I couldn't use it or ask for parking.  Also, one morning the fire alarm went off for a few seconds at 5am. That was fun being woken up to!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or540-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Terrible,"Threatened multiple times by a dishevelled American man in the lobby for no apparent reason in front of the reception staff, who refused to assist and informed me if I wished to complain I needed to contact the police. I quote the gentleman said he would 'smash the glass on my head and break my neck'. This is unbelievable and in all my time travelling something I have never experienced before. The most disappointing aspect was the lack of support from the staff, who I tried to make a formal complaint to, before being threatened again by the same American gentleman. Do Not Stay Here.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or540-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Stayed overnight, was worried about the reviews, but we had a spacious, spotlessly clean room and the lady on reception was very pleasant. Yes it is a little dated, but if you want modern furniture and a Hypnos bed go to Premier Inn for £158 (price we were quoted),we paid £79 at the Britannia. It is very convenient for the Roundhouse and we slept really well. Didn't eat there, so can't comment on the food.We were on the 4th floor.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or540-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate but Nothing Special,"Room was small, in need of refurbishment, but otherwise reasonably clean. In a city of rip-off prices generally, the hotel is not excessively priced if dates are flexible and booked well in advance. Two underground stations within 5 - 8 minutes walk which will get you to the centre of london within 10 minutes.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or545-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed,"The first impression of this Hotel is of a tired run down establishment in need of a major refurbishment, this first impression did not alter throughout my stay!  Chairs are worn out, seats in the restaurant have springs missing, tables are dull, scratched, chipped. Cupboards are scratched, missing hinges. Walls are dented, wall paper missing, holes badly repaired. Bathroom was dank and smelt.   I booked two rooms, 1 double for my wife and i and 1 twin for my two adult sons, our double was tiny, bed had no room down one side, rammed against the wall. Room smelt damp and all the above were evident.   I chose this hotel over a travelodge simply because it had breakfast included at the same price, however, if i ever have to stay this way again, it will be in the travelodge!",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or545-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated! Like being in a time warp!,"I chose this hotel purely because of location to where I needed to be the following morning for my course. It was a short walk away from the tube station... Brilliant.  The hotel itself however is stuck in a very old world, not vintage - dated! It desperately needs to bring itself in the modern world... Especially being in London! The reception procedure wasn't efficient as they seemed to question whether my booking has been paid, even though it clearly said. When I was given a key from my room slot, I felt like I was staying at Faulty Towers!  The room, although clean, smelt dusty and old. The bed had no pillow or mattress protector on it, the TV has no remote control and of poor quality, the chair in my room was stained and the wardrobe doors wouldn't even close. The toilet…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or545-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hampstead Britannia hotel HORRIFIC!!!,"DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Staff are rude, the place is dirty and food is disgusting.  On arrival we were greeted at the front desk with a argument between the staff and a customer. This was a daily occurrence. The staff take it upon themselves to try to charge extras that you haven't had. On checking out the hotel tried to charge us for drinks we did not have.   The place needs knocking down DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or545-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but that's it,"Shower didn't work at all. Window had been wide open before we checked in so room was freezing. TV picture was so bad we couldn't actually watch it.   Bed was very uncomfortable, metal springs stuck out which were very painful if you caught your leg like I did.   When we checked out, the receptionist didn't even look up at us!   Location is good, a short walk to Camden high street, hotel is generally just very ropey - well our room was anyway.   Opted out of breakfast as thought £10.50 a head was a total rip off.   Free wifi is good.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or545-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good value nice position and nice staff,"Just an overnight stay. We were placed on the 5th floor. Nice room, bit dated perhaps, but clean tidy and fine for a short stay. Had breakfast just up the road in a nice cafe just past Starbucks. Slept well, firm bed, soft pillows, just as we like it. Nice downhill stroll to Camden or uphill to Hamstead's delights. Staff all good, smiling, friendly and do their best to help. And parking too. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or550-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hard working staff,"The four * rating we found misleading. The hotel is very much in need of all sorts of remedial work. The bedrooms were tired with worn carpet, damaged wallpaper, stained carpets and mildewed bathrooms. Our curtains were 50cms too long and didn't close. The food was mediocre (to be kind). The position of hotel is very convenient for Primrose Hill, Hampstead Heath, Clapham, and transport in to London.  Most positive is the attitude and hard work of the staff who labour on in the face of much criticism and many complaints. They deserve more support from the hotel chain to which they belong. We were a group of 40, so criticisms are based on wide based views.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or550-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good for short stay,"The hotel is good and I can recommend it for short stay. It has a good position, close to the 2 tube stations. I was  bothered a bit of smell in the hallway and room, but it was not that bad. Breakfast same every day. But London...London is fantasy, and especially London residents who are so friendly, that you can not belive. I wanna go back!",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or550-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not to be recommended,"Stayed one night as convenient for a wedding. Had to book through online agency as hotel claimed to be full so paid a bit more. Check in fine and staff pleasant. Room small twin (originally asked for a double, but no matter) close to room service area who left piles of dirty linen in the corridor when we arrived at 15.15 and got going quite early on a Sunday morning!  Had we not been running late would have asked to change rooms.  Room clean, but sparsely furnished.  Ironing board a useful bag stand.  No bath towels (provided after request). Basin minute with a glass shelf above positioned to inflict maximum damage to those washing their face.  Breakfast a disgrace. 2 young staff on duty who were clearly over-whelmed. Tables dirty and unlaid, much food run-out and replacements…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or550-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Given the price and its location it's pretty much what you would expect,"Ok so it's old and need of a refurb but it's cheapish and within 10 minutes walk of the tube, northern line.   I have to say the reception staff were friendly enough and very helpful but the rooms were old, it was like stepping back into the early 80's and it was grubby in places on the plus side the shower was hot and powerful and the wifi was good  Would i recommend / stay again? Well if I needed a cheap nights stay in the area then yes but otherwise no, sorry ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or550-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fred west woz here !!!!!!!!,I got put in the cellar  no windows starting to wonder if anyone under the floor !!!!!! I owe the girls in the office a present for booking me in here !!!thanks ps it stinks of piss down here  help help help,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or555-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",terrible bad experience,"we arrived to the hotel on SUnday the 5th or early Monday 6th at 3 o""clock in the morning, nobody was at the reception and our taxi driver couldn't leave the parking exit which was left closed. The receptionist arrived close to 3.49 and wanted me to pay in advance even if we didn't see the rooms G2 and G4 yet. The rooms were located near a pub with gambling machines with a lot of smoke of cigaretes and alcohol consumption and in order to get out to the reception we needed to go through the fat smelling restaurant.  After five days I needed to ask for clean sheets which were changed only after complaining. Some towels were torned and we needed to ask for toilet paper.  My account was charged three times, twice for each room separatly and then for both rooms together, Lucky me…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or555-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgustingly dirty,"The best thing I can tell you about this place is that the staff were very kind to my grandson- that's it! The rest is all bad- the food was almost cold,there wasn't much to choose from & when it was gone, tough there's no more! the room was tatty & dirty- mens urine around the toilet- I was in a room on my own (I'm a she!) the shower was in a small cupboard & was alive with mould.The duvet was worse than the one my dog has- very thin & very lumpy. The best bit was the window- it had a hole in it which we filled with a cookie bag, it was still there when we lefrt the next day as was all the dust, dirt & stains. They opened the adjoining door to our rooms & the cm of dust & dirt was still there after the cleaners had finished.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or555-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE!!!!! Worst hotel ever,"Where do I begin... We booked a 2 night holiday away with our 2 children with national holidays to Lego land & London eye And sadly this hotel was given to us and the rest of the party. Our journey started well until we arrived at this nightmare of what they call a ""hotel"" as we pulled up at the location my husband and myself looked at each other as to say ""no way!"" As did everyone else on board the coach! We arrived walked into the reception area which looks Ok - only to find.... We booked a family room But was told we have 2 seperate rooms on sepearate floors and with our son having disabilities we needed to be in the same room or one located next to each other. The hotel manager who is very rude and her English is poor told me to wait until she had checked everyone in and she…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or555-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",didnt like,Was put in this hotel by a coach tour. Awful. Stained sheets to which a spare sheet left in my room after I complained so I took that to mean make it yourself. My friend shower cupboard (yes I mean cupboard) was dirty. We were told housekeeping wasnt available until next day. Friends room window had a whole in it that went all the way through to the outside. Mould on the ceiling/wall and bathroom. Bathroom floor badly stained. Staff rushed of there feet at meal times and couldnt cope with keeping stuff replenished. There is loads more but need I go on. This hotel needs massive over all. In nice location though. Tesco and starbucks not far. Complaint gone into the tour company. Took loads of photos for evidence. Will not be returning unless had massive refurb. Loads of our tour…,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or555-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Welcome to the seventies!!,"I must first say that  I am not a ""prissy princess"". I have been to many scruffy places and I know that You get what You pay for. The hotel looked nice from a far but close up..the floors were mended with ducktape and the carpeting was really dirty. The whole hotel smelled like corpses and they had sprayed room scent too much..soo an asthmatic customer could not breathe at all...when the room scent faded...we found that the room was ok...the beds were perfect...if you did not look closely to the windows moulded frames...this was nearly fine...hated the rubber maddrass in the shower and tried to move it away with to fingers..the cleaning lade always brought it back though!! Very Bates hotel..but ok for the price!!!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or560-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Kevin Davis,"Was a little nervous before arriving after reading so many bad reviews. All I can say is that the room was spotless, beds comfy and breakfast was plentiful with a wide range of food. Only downside for us was the wifi didn't reach our room. And for people on here who say staff were rude, I don't understand as they were very helpful to us.  I would definitely recommen.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or560-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","No heating in bedrooms, head office won't allow it on!!","We were told that the reason the radiator  wasnt working in the bedroom  was because Britannia head office won't  allow the hotel to put it on. Staff apologetic  and supplied us with an electric  heater, there were also blankets in the wardrobe. Tiered, dated , dirty windows,  it really is a blot on the landscape  in a lovley area. Britannia Hotels have been voted worst  hotel group in the uk, two years on the run apparently.  If you want clean , modern, bright, welcoming(and warm) this isn't the place for you.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or560-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good, but expensive hotel","Good, but expensive hotel. Good breakfast, but understaffed for breakfast. Small room and small bathroom. Old furniture. Bus just in front of the door. Metro in 1km. Primrose Hill in 500m. Supermarkert 200-500m.                                                                           ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or560-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Room clean, food a let down","We stayed here for one night on a Friday evening.  After reading the reviews I was very worried as to what we may find.  I was pleasantly surprised by the room, it was clean and had obviously been redecorated recently and was more than adequate, especially for the price.  The food does need some attention though.  Breakfast was ok but could have been warmer but the evening meal was very disappointing.  The food did not look appealing and again was not warm.  For the price and location I would stay here again, but not eat and I wonder if it is a bit pot luck on what room you are allocated.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or560-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated,We had a very nice and spacious room on the 5th floor room 507 nice view need to update decor.  Breakfast was nice and hot with a great selection and they kept on topping every thing up and that way every thing tasted nice and fresh . Nice with in walking distance to Chalk Farm tube station and the park .  You get exactly what you pay for   ,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or565-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Very old, rundown, hotel","This is a very outdated, dirty hotel. When I walked into my room, there were bread crumbs all over the floor from the pervious guest, meaning they didn't even vacuum the floor. The shower did not work at all, only was able to use the bath. The hotel staff is very rude, I couldn't find the hair dryer and she rudely told me it was in the dresser drawer 2nd drawer down like that was common sense! We couldn't get the window to shut and the cold air came in, making our sleep every uncomfortable. Plus the beds feel as old as the hotel. We only got one towel for two people, so I had to ask for another one.This place has the dirty smoker feel, and its dingy like its out of an old horror film. The air is stuffy and it feels like you're in an old persons retirement community. Also, I left…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or565-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful,"This was a hotel booked for us as a package deal trip to the amazing Harry Potter studios which I highly recommend by the way.  We luckily only had to endure this hotel for the one night luckily. Firstly as a non smoking family I could smell the stench of stale smoke everywhere even the lift smelt. I'm shocked that they still have smoking rooms luckily ours was non smoking but I could still smell it, also at one point I thought that I was in Amsterdam.The e room itself was shabby needed a serious facelift. The wallpaper hanging from the walls mould patches. The most uncomfortable bed that I have ever slept on. The bathroom was ok I we all got showered & cleaned up.   The evening meal was booked for 7.30pm a little late when you have little ones but this didn't matter really…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or565-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap base for visiting london,Stayed here for two midweek nights in February the hotel is dated but was clean food was ok breakfast nicer then dinner all you can eat with cereals toast croissants full English dinner had soup and a choice of self service meals tea and juices included with breakfast but no drink provided  with dinner.  Looking at reviews before we went we were a bit apprehensive so hotel better then we expected   If travelling by bus stop right outside hotel then change Bus  Near royal free hospital and will take you straight to centre of London I would return as although not the ritz we got what we paid for .,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or565-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a lick of paint,"Good location, asked for a better room and got one, big room (No14) but bathroom could do with a bit of paint. Corridors grubby but again nothing a lick of paint couldn't fix. Breakfast was ok, we paid £7.00 at the hotel for it. Wifi good, tv good, alot of the staff had difficulty understanding me as English was not their first language. I asked for a Latte and got a tea pot !",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or565-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You call that food? 😏,"When we phoned to book a table here we was told there's no need to book, now I know why! The food was gross!!! Cold, under cooked, and disgusting. The chef really can't cook and I'm surprised this restaurant is allowed to open. I'm just glad none of us got food poisoning... We'd of been better off with a happy meal from mc Donald's!!!! 😷",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or570-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Restaurant Was poor,"We went here for a family meal for 14 people. The staff seemed very clueless and unprofessional. The food was buffet style which is fine. However, it was all cold when we arrived at 18:30 at the very start of their evening meal sitting. It was also of very limited variety. Deserts were not much better fruit salad was very soggy and the apple crumble wasn't even cooked on the top. The staff never once came over to see if we were ok nor did they explain that we needed to go to the bar to order drinks. Needless to say we will not be returning.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or570-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Mother's Day meal,We booked Mother's Day dinner for 14. Well we arrived to be greeted by a waitress asking if we were going to pay for our meal. Then we ask where we should sit she said anywhere then said that table is for you.  The food was cold and  I have to say not very nice. The crumble was not cooked. We had no napkins. There was no one to ask whether we wanted drinks in fact no one came near us. I  Have to say a visit never to be repeated.,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or570-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as we expected,After reading previous reviews we were very nervous about staying here. It actually was not as bad as we had thought. The room was clean but very dated and it did smell of air freshener everywhere but overall it was fine. The staff are a bit disinterested at reception but they are quick and polite enough. There was a leak in our bathroom but we didn't report it as there was no phone to ring reception in the room. We were literally only using the hotel as somewhere to sleep for a few hours so all of the above didn't bother us. For 65 pounds a night in London it was actually a pretty good deal.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or570-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!!!,I stayed for one night i was not disappointed by the room but the staff were extremely rude. I woke up to the smell of what i thought was going to be a lovley breakfast so i was willing to pay the £10.50. As me and my freind went round to dish up our plate the bacon was like rubber the beans were dried with crusty skin ontop the hash browns were burnt and the mushrooms were tinned drowning in water. The only good thing about breakfast was the 1 cup of orange juice we had. We asked for our money back as we didnt not eat 1 thing and was told by the manageress that they dont refund!!! I asked if there was any other option then and all she could say was no to everythink that me and my friend asked off. She said that they could cook us fresh breakfast but this would take 45 minutes.…,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or570-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing,"Arrived, Lamp broke in room. No phone number for reception. Went and asked for new bulb. Never brought, only two teabags in hospitality tray,asked for more, never brought. Shower didn't work. Handles missing off wardrobes. Room tired and shabby. However bed was comfortable!! Food at dinner, barely adequate and breakfast very poor. If given a choice I would not stay here again, very depressing !",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or575-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel used often,"I don't understand the bad reviews as we use this hotel very year.  Admittedly little tired in places but clean, great location.  Good bar. Breakfast great. In NO WAY is this a horror hotel I find that hilarious!   If you're looking for the Ritz I can tell you that you've taken a wrong turn. If you want to spend hundreds go more central.  If you want to explore the jewel of Camden or see a band at the Roundhouse this hotel is for you just £10 in a taxi from Euston and £4 to and from the Roundhouse  The towels are clean the beds are clean. I like it here ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or575-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,I stayed at this hotel on Wednesday night as part of a National Holidays break. My room (410) was spacious and clean although there was an ashtray overflowing with cigarette butts on my patio table outside. The evening meal was nice although not piping hot. Unfortunately the television in my room wasn't working as the wires were detached from the aerial lead so I ended up going to bed at 9pm but I had a lovely nights sleep. Breakfast wasn't the best cooked breakfast that I have ever had....but it filled a gap. I wouldn't rush back to this hotel.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or575-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",over night stay,"Stayed overnight while on a National Coach Tour. Hotel good. Rooms immaculately clean. Staff friendly. Good wifi connection. Only problem was the food. We went to dining room at 7pm. Help yourself station. Food very poor, cold, and not very appetising.  Breakfast food was a little better at least it was warm but once again self service",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or575-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel with premium value,"I use this hotel a couple of times per month. Despite the low star rating this hotel hits the mark with location and room size.   Friendly reception staff, strong complimentary wifi. The hotel is in a great neighbourhood with good tube service putting you just 4 or 5 stops from west end and walking distance into Camden. Yes the fixtures and fittings are a little past their best but clean, comfortable beds make up for it. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or575-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",horror hotel,"Me and my daughter was visiting over night as we had been to a concert near by. When we first came to the hotel, the outside looked quite posh, till we stepped inside and I instantly felt like I was walking in to a horror movie hotel. It was very dated, the receptionist, I couldn't understand a word she was saying to me and was quite rude, though the man was very polite and spoke good English and was helpful on two occasions. When we left the lift, we was greeted by awful carpets and decor, once we got in to our room, we both gasped at the state of the room. it was like going back to the 70's plus there was a massive stain on the carpet which we thought looked like a blood stain.  I commend the cleaners as it was spotless other than that, but the duvet sheet had holes in both…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or580-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly suprised,"After reading some of the reviews we were expecting the worst, but we were very pleased to find they were misleading.  Our room had been newly refurbished and was clean, bright and very comfortable.  The bed linen was pristine and the bathroom was immaculate.  We were on an overnight trip with National Holidays on a bed, breakfast and evening meal package. The food was only average but satisfying and overall we could find very little fault",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or580-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",bad experience,"having visited this hotel on 24th feb for 1 night with a coach tour. I strongly advise not to use this place again. Service virtually non existent, food luke warm and reminder of Tesco value meals and the upholstery throughout needs cleaning and repairing. all the rooms are single glazed and the road noise continues into the night. The heating worked some of the time in some of the rooms.  Most of the passengers complained about this place including our coach driver.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or580-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",decent,My wife and I stayed there in August 2014. It was our first trip to London.   The hotel is about a five minute walk from the Chalk Farm underground tube station. The tube ride took about an hour and ten minutes from Heathrow Airport with one change.  We arrived around noon time and our room was not ready. They do have a left luggage room.  The room was not spectacular by any means but the bed was fine. The room did get stuffy at times. There is a lift but it is very small. If you have a lot of luggage you may need to make several trips. Our room was on the second floor. There is a bar and restaurant on site. We ate breakfast the first morning. Food was adequate and plentiful.  The hotel does have WiFi though signal was weak in the room. Best bet was to go to the bar and use the…,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or580-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",In need of TLC and lots of it.,If you like the smell of Fabreeze. Stains on your floors and mould on your windows then this is the place for you. Even at £69 Groupon offer dinner bed breakfast plus wine l am not sure l would choose to stay again. Food was mediocre but couldn't face the cooked breakfast which having been left under heat lamps looked very dry. Coffee disgusting and cold. I noticed our neighbouring table said the same thing so it wasn't just us. Over all the bed looked clean and the poor cleaners do a good job it's the rooms that need total up grading. Most of the staff were friendly and helpful.  The location very good if you want to see Primrose Hill and Camden Market.,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or580-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Average tired hotel,"Hotel is in a good location and that's the only plus point. We booked 2 rooms a double and a twin on arrival no twin room so had to accept 2 doubles. Explanation they were busy had 2 coach tours in. One room was ok the other which myself and partner shared had no clean towels, a bath with yellowing stains in the bottom and not clean at all. Glasses, spoons etc left in corridors from one day to the next no one bothered to move.  Breakfast was a big joke in order to actually sit down and eat you had to first go an ask for cutlery, glasses, cups etc. Even after finally getting the items to eat with we then had to ask for bread to toast, butter, milk nothing was topped up. Was not what a buffet breakfast is. Staff didn't seem to be bothered everyone was complaining. Tables were left…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or585-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"Recently stayed at this hotel as part of a coach trip. Upon arrival we had our reservations about this hotel. When we first entered the room we were pleasantly Suprised, it was clean, tidy and everything was fine. Attempted to work the TV. No such luck, contacted reception and within a few minutes someone was there to fix it, the only thing I can think of to fault the room would be the lack of plug sockets. Only had two in the entire room, ideally one next to or near the beds would be better. Another thing is the staff, they were polite and friendly but I struggled to find anyone that was English and could fully understand my northern 'accent' if you will.   The food was average at best, I felt asif I was eating the same thing every night, my theory is the cook just re-uses the…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or585-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Elvis at O2,"Just back from this hotel for an over night stay with a couple of friends with National Coach trip. Well we couldn't fault it all... The room was lovely clean and warm beds were very comfy, the bathroom again was spotless with lovely clean white towels. There was a choice of a buffet evening meal which was very nice and hot and plenty for everyone. Again the breakfast was a buffet and set us up for the day and our journey home. Staff very helpful and friendly. The lounge and bar was a bit full so we took a walk outside to the nearest pub. This hotel has been one of the best that we have stayed in with our coaching holidays and would go back again. Thanks....",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or585-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,I would be rather jaundice about some of the negative reviews. My wife and I booked a double for ourselves and a twin for my youngest son and my mother for to nights. We were in London for two nights to visit my elder son who lives in Camden and this hotel was situated very well. We booked the 2 night winter B and B special and we had two very comfortable rooms. The staff very  pleasant fro arrival and we checked in before 1pm and the rooms were already available,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or585-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired and not worthy of 3 stars,"Room was a big disappointment. Very tired and shabby ( not in a good way). Furniture outdated and needs replacing. Breakfast was average, self service and eggs were so well done and rubbery I couldn't cut in to them. The one good thing is that it was close to the venue that we were visiting. Wouldn't recommend and wouldn't stay there again. ",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or585-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",don`t book this hotel,"me and my husband spent one night here february 2015. checked in at reception and was given key. when we arrived in the room there was no window as it was in the basement. the room was`nt very clean and as we started to unpack our stuff my husband moved the bed sheets and some flies came out. iwas disgusted so went back to reception to request another room. the woman on the reception wasn`t very nice about it and made us feel as if we were being awkward. she didn`t apologise at all and just gave us another key for the room next door. we went to view the new room, which was also full of flies so made our way back to reception. on the way a woman was checking out our first room so we went in to show her the flies. when i pointed them out she just shrugged her shoulders and said ""i…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or590-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL!!,I booked to stay here on 13th feb. I booked 2 rooms for 2 couples. After reading the reviews it looked do bad I decided to cancel. I phoned up a week before and cancelled and booked another hotel but this hotel have still taken the money from my bank!! Disgusting!!,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or590-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Think twice before you book it's cheap for a very good reason!!!!,"Booked to stay here for 3 nights, admittedly it's cheap and the location is handy which is why we chose to stay here, we had previously stayed here before but just for 1 very drunken night, upon arrival the staff at reception had no idea about our booking even though I had phoned ahead to advise our arrival time, they checked and re checked to find our booking but they had given our ro away as they had thought we were not coming, even though like I said I had phoned ahead to say we wouldn't be arriving till late. We were advised that the only room they had available was a twin room, I showed my email confirming a double room and after much debate they found us a double room but a smoking room!!!! Do these even still exist and if do are they legal?   Inevitably a phone call was…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or590-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired hotel,"This was our third visit over the last 6 years and I have to say nothing has changed in that time the decor, furnishings  windows, radiators   all need to be updated  the staff where lovely and very helpful ,  the price considering was ok for our 3night stay , the hotel is  convenient to travel out and about as chalk farm tube is about 5/10 minute walk away",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or590-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Irresponsible and below standard,This hotel was booked through national holidays so we had no choice of hotel. When we checked in our family had been put on 2 seperate floors three floors apart. When we asked to be put together we were put on floor 2.  We noticed that the floor had a very strong smell of cigarette smoke. It permeated through our rooms. We found out via the cleaner that it was a smoking floor. We were disgusted. We had 2 young children and would never have chosen this. It is irresponsible. If a fire had broken out what about the safety of people on floors above getting out.  Aside from this the food was poor the staff unhelpful and it was generally run down. I will be complaining to both the hotel and national holidays ,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or590-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lack of response speaks volumes,"Following my visit to this hotel I emailed the following to the manager. In spite of two phone calls to head office asking if it has been received (and being told that it had) to date I have had no response. I think this tells you all you need to know about this hotel.                                             FAO General manager. I email concerning my stay at Hampstead on 19/11/14. Upon arrival I was told I had been ""upgraded"" to room 518. This, I imagined, was good news. I arrived quite late, about 2300hrs. When I got to the room it was very warm so I tried to open the window, it was so poorly maintained that I struggled with this but at least managed to open it a little. I then discovered that the table lamp was broken. Not just not working but physically broken and…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or595-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, excellent value for London","5 minutes walk from Chalk Farn Tube, good value hotel, clean rooms and friendly staff. Some of the rooms are on the lower ground and don‘t have windows (don‘t let this put you off), the rooms are spotless and well appointed. Avoid central London hotels, one like this are better value and access to all the attractions are easily accessible",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or595-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"On arriving we where greater by a receptionist, not pleasant but not unpleasant either. We where given our keys told if we lost it, it would be £15 to replace it. We where then told take the lift to the basement. On the way down to the basement the carpet was gaffer taped down, dirty and musky smelling.  We opened the door to our room, which a  was dark and damp basement so no windows. The carpet was disgusting. The bathroom was smelly. At this moment I made a decision not to stay and I checked out immediately.  My advice is pay a little extra and get a decent hotel.  ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or595-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dates but fine for a nights stay,"The hotel was fine...! Just fine. Travelling with a group of friends, their rooms were warm, our on the other hand was like a nice box! Do not stop in 201. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Good location.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or595-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Drugs in this hotel do not stay here,"The hotel is very run down I was sleep next to the window and I was freezing though the night because there was not double glazing, had to sleep in my long sleeved tee shirt, the food was ok, but the worst think was the people smoking weed in the hotel rooms it was coming into our room it made us feel sick, it happen for 2 weeks, spoke to the manager but nothing was done about it , so I cancelled the 3rd week, I would have left the 1st night if I was with my family, do not stay here!!!!!!",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or595-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ashamed.,"I booked this hotel for my partner and her daughters mini city break, as I have used Britannia hotels many times in the past, and all I can say is I am ashamed that I put them through such a awful experience.  The staff were not just unhelpful throughout their stay but were outright rude to my family on several occasions, the rooms were dirty, the bathrooms being especially filthy and the bar area opens and closes whenever the staff feel like it.  Wifi was incompatible with ipad, and staff could not say why.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or600-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It is what it is,"I booked through a Groupon Deal - £69 for room, dinner, breakfast and wine. I read all the reviews after booking and was horrified, so I paid £20 extra to upgrade to the Executive suite which was on the 5th floor 'Plaza Floor'.   Stayed in room 510 and the only concerns about the room: no plug sockets on side of bed, poor lighting around the bedroom mirror,  the bathroom was clean etc and the shower worked, I've just haven't seen a shower that old (as the Hotel is nearly 20 years, I can only assume it's the original). The curtain in the room had a 30cm gap (as unable to close). The bath mat needs to be left opened to dry out, not left rolled on the bath as mould will manifest (as it is).   The breakfast was a English breakfast, I just found the poached egg a bit rubbery. Dinner…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or600-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very below average hotel. ,This hotel is in desperate need of renovation! Bed was very old and had lost all of its support. No hot water at 3pm on arrival meant for a very cold shower.  Good location for transportation and close to Camden Town. If you have expectations to be met then i would not suggest booking this hotel.  This hotel was part of a deal for West end musical......pay a little extra and go some where nice. ,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or600-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the bad reviews,"Stayed with my mum for one night. Expectations were not very high considering all the bad reviews. At first the reception staff were rude and we had to leave our luggage and check in when we came back later. We checked in in the evening with no problem. The room was spacious with 2 decent single beds, the bathroom wasn't the best but totally fine for one night. The breakfast was nice with choices of a hot english breakfast and cold yoghurts/fruits. In an ideal location, just a few stops away from Euston. A 10 minute walk from Chalk Farm (with local shops a minutes walk away) and 5 minutes to Primrose Hill then a 10 minute walk to Camden. Would happily stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or600-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia Hampstead Hotel,"The hotel could with a good up date the room was very cold we had to have a heater in the room, the curtains were all falling of the track ,toilet was very lose and need re screwing to the floor, the parking in the day time was very poor the hotel charge for you to park at the hotel even if you are stopping  there and they only have 15 places for all the rooms, but the bus service is good round there",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or600-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Sleep don't eat.,"Room, bed and shower were all ok, curtains needed fixing. Our main problem was the food. They broke all the rules and I told them every day, but they did nothing, so I quote again- Keep hot food above 63°C (for example in a bain marie). This is outside the danger zone (5°C - 63°C). Bacteria grow best in warm temperatures, approximately 25°C – 40°C. Lukewarm food is dangerous as it is a perfect environment for bacteria to thrive. If cooked food is not stored above 63°C, it should be used up within two hours of cooking. Ensure the first batch of cooked food being hot held is served first. Where possible do not mix batches. It is recommended that the first batch is used before adding a different batch. Chief! YOUR FOOD IS LUKE WARM AND DANGEROUS, You add new to old and you cook…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or605-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"A very dated hotel needs a re fit desperately. Check in staff were not welcoming lacking a smile or any warmth. After being allocated our room on the first floor which was non smoking. (we booked a high level double room smoking) we returned to reception to explain this,we were then allocated a smoking twin room on the second floor as there were no doubles left. We said This would be fine be as we would put the beds together and the receptionist didn't say anything. After doing this late in the evening and lying down for 10 mins chatting we heard a bang and found the head board that was supposedly screwed to the wall had fallen off inches from my head. Very lucky I wasn't lying a few inches to the left at the time i could have ended up seriously injured. Yes we probably…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or605-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Over Priced Unfriendly Service,"Paid alot of money to have receptionist be very unwelcoming, beds were like sleeping on cardboard, luke warm hot water, hotel outdated and over priced. Was asked to move rooms 3 times to find a room with hot water...in their time...not ours!! Would not stay here again if I was paid to. Faulty Towers Hotel!",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or605-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Not as one might expect - cheap, pleasant, simple","The Britannia Hampstead Hotel is a well-positioned hotel outside of central London that has given the recent impression of poor service and poor cleanliness. This does not fall in line with my own experience of the hotel, although it is not without fault or criticism.   The hotel itself is around a ten minute walk from the nearest Underground station, Chalk Farm which is on the Northern Line and has a direct connection to London King's Cross and St Pancras. Despite its name, Hampstead Heath would be further from the hotel than is considered reasonable.   The room itself is extremely basic and matches the lower price than one would typically pay in London but has all the usual amenities including a shower-bath combination, a kettle with a selection of tea and coffee and a small…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or605-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Pretty bad, but great location and price!","Oh please, all of you 190 people who rated this hotel terrible and called it awful. It's not awful, it's just bad! But honestly, what did you expect for £40 a night? And in Hampstead?? Didn't it really cross your mind that the price for that location is screaming something that it's not going to be  anything like 4 Seasons?? Of course there is no excuse for this jaded, dated and badly managed hotel. But you wanted it cheap and you got it!",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or605-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Hotel,"I stayed in this Hotel for New Years which cost in total €280 for 2 nights and will not be going back. First impressions of the Hotel itself are that it looks quite dirty and has an odd smell (They store random cleaning equipment all over the place). For €280 we got a room with no window which was absolutely horrible. The room was dirty, leaky and smelly. The hot water did not work and we had to wait a long time for it to heat up. There was also a leak under the bathroom sink. We got the Breakfast on one of the mornings which was basically inedible. In fairness to the staff, they seem nice but the Hotel is a serious kip. Solid location though.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or610-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very cheep and uncheerful,On entering our initial room 404 the room stunk of damp and cigarettes. Not to mention there wasn't enough room to swing a cat for 1 person in there let alone 2 people - it would make an ideal single room minus the stench.  We had our room changed to 502 and it was much more spacious almost suite like in size. The room was cold due to the single pained windows and the bed matress seriously needed changing as most of the springs had sprung and was quite uncomfortable.  The adjoining 'lounge' room was a welcome addition and we were able to relax comfortably here on the pull out bed.  Wasn't brave enough to attempt the shower as the shower head was in serious need of cleaning. But otherwise the room was ok if not strange having continental plug fixtures on the walls and only having…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or610-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated and lacking in atmosphere,"I stayed at this hotel with a friend hoping for a comfortable place to come to after some serious shopping and dining in London. I have to say that all the staff bar one tried to be helpful and accommodating but the hotel itself was really disappointed. Our hopes for that comfy room were dashed when we were shown into a dark unwelcoming space where the beds looked shabby as did the furniture - scuffed, unpolished and with wardrobe boors that wouldn't close. The window (we were previously offered a windowless room) was pretty dirty as were the net curtains which had mould on them. I could go on but I think you might be getting the picture. We had decided to have breakfast at the hotel and what a chaotic experience that proved to be - queues of people waiting at the buffet bar for…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or610-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for the money,"After realising that Premier Inns and so-on were £140 pounds for a double room, we decided to look elsewhere. This hotel came up at £95 (not incl breakfast)  Booking on the phone was straightforward.  They didn't send a confirmation email though which would have been helpful to have the details printed-off.   The nearest Tube stations are Chalk Farm (8 mins on foot) and Swiss Cottage (12 mins). The Hampstead station is NOT near the hotel.   We were given ""One of the new rooms…"" which turned out to be very clean, and well-appointed.  The heating was not on, but they had provided an electric heater, which we left on, waking up in the middle of the night unable to breathe! This was our fault though.  It was surprisingly quiet, even once we had opened the window.   Other than that,…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or610-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",awful hotel,"very dated hotel ,ordered food to room ,awful stale bread holes in carpet bed hard n uncomfortable ,wouldnt recommend needs a revamp decorating throughout new bedroom furniture ,staff were friendly,small parking area ,couldnt reserve a space so was lucky to get a space ,tube station was quite close ,was going to the forum in kentish town so a good location not sure i would stay here again as its so dated but it was very cheap so wasent expecting anything posh,and it was dated but not dirty ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or610-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here. It's a hellhole,I don't think I can articulate just how bad this place is without using foul language (which would go along with the smell from the bedroom I stayed in)  The food is about the best thing - and I wouldn't give it to my dog.   Thankfully I only had booked one night and I am hopeful that it will only take 2 months of electric shock therapy to completely erase the stay from my mind.   Be afraid..... Be very afraid. ,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or615-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,"Booked for a one night stay as attending a gig at the Roundhouse - about a ten minute walk.  First impressions isn't great - old yellow curtains at the window, and a tired looking hotel but didn't look too bad as you go through.  Check in was ok, but overhearing a guest on the phone complaining about how awful the room was & the staff not caring and telling them there was nothing they could do wasn't a great impression!  Room on the second floor which, when entering, was terribly dated & in need of modernising. Looked like something out of the late 1970's - Cleanliness was ok, but you could tell it had only had a quick wipe over. Light near the door didn't work, so was a bit dark & the tv didn't work properly either. Bathroom did what it needed to, although not 100% clean &…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or615-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap for London but that was it,"Stayed there visiting Hospital, hotel was awful, all fire doors had wedges behind them struggled to find an english person working there, lift was out of action all throughout stay, blocks of would holding up the toilet waste pipe, very hot in downstairs rooms, Breakfast was dried but warm, need money investing in it.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or615-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very very tired,Stayed here for 2 nights. It was cheapish.... first room the heating did not work. The second and third were smoking rooms. The hotel tour finally ended with a room on first floor. Bed and furniture well past sell by date. Tv from the 80's very bad picture.... not for me again.,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or615-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An appalling excuse for a hotel. Without doubt one of the worst in London!,"An old hotel, with dated rooms, tatty cheap furniture and uncomfortable beds.   Exterior is poor, reception is really dated, filthy windows, tiny bathroom, poor shower, not much hot water... You get the general idea- a portable heater, smelly rooms, hairs in bath, peeling wall paper...  Breakfast was laughable- tinned mushrooms and tomatoes. Sausages looked like they had no meat in them, eggs were rubbery and coffee like dirty water. The cheapest of everything you can think of.  For positives you have to dig deep. It's quite cheap, the staff were not rude and it's in a fairly good location.   There really is no excuse for such a poor hotel - I gather all the hotels in the group are of a similar standard. It's almost a skill to make something so dreadful.  A Premier Inn or…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or615-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Huge potential, but needs investment","Can't really complain since work paid for my visit, but the hotel itself has so much unrealised potential.   Nice sized room with a big en suite bathroom, however most of the fittings and fixtures were tired and worn. There was no window in my room which made it quite warm and poorly lit. The desk fan cooled the room down, but would have been too noisy to leave on all night.   Good television reception and wifi (including 4G) despite being on the lower ground floor. The noise of passing residents in the corridor could be heard very clearly which made me wary of what could be heard from outside the door. Despite this the hotel was very quiet.   Good breakfast with a fair selection of foods. All staff seemed to avoid conversation.   I'd recommend this hotel on a budget since you…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or620-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bad customer service,I booked this hotel through superbreaks.com. I arrived at the hotel at 11:00 and was told I was not able to check in until 14:00. I was told I could leave my luggage (small weekend bag - Gucci of course :)) in the luggage room opposite reception. I went out for some lunch and shopping and around 4pm I called the reception to notify them I will be checking in later than anticipated. I asked if someone could take my bag to my room as I did not feel comfortable leaving it in the unlocked luggage room. I was told that nobody was available to take my bag to my room. I asked to speak with the manager who also gave me the same answer. Both staff were extremely unhelpful and quite rude. They spoke to me in an ignorant manner and made me feel like I was making an unreasonable request. If…,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or620-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You may want to avoid this hotel!,"This hotel requires a lot of 'help' on so many levels! We booked through Superbreaks, on a BOGOF offer, £165 per night. There was no record of our booking on arrival as was the same with another guest who had booked through Expedia! Eventually we were allocated room 12 (in the bowels of the hotel), now tired and hungry we just dumped our bags in the room and went out for the evening. On our return apx midnight, we discovered that the bed was so lumpy! and pillows so flat! and the road noise was terrible, as our window (which had no opening facility) was level with the road outside! So no sleep for us! Next morning we asked to be moved, after advising the receptionist 3 times it was room 12, she then wrote room 20 on the 'post it' note and our request!  We went for breakfast -…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or620-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Typical tourist hotel,"We booked this on a kgb offer and stayed 2 nights. The room was clean but furniture a little tired. Plenty of room though and the bathroom was adequate .The breakfast was OK but the food was only lukewarm. The tea and coffee were self service from flasks. Not good. You could however eat as much as you wanted. The evening food menu was pretty basic ie cottage pie, macaroni cheese!! Try the pub just up the road. Very friendly and great food. For the 2 nights we stayed it was OK. Not very friendly really but the price was OK for London",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or620-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"This room was booked for us by someone else otherwise we would not have stayed.  The room was dated, had no windows and smelt of damp.   Fortunately we only arrived in time to take a shower and sleep.   The towels were discoloured and hard, the  bathroom had mould everywhere.  We also noticed that there were stains all over the bedspread.  The room was also very hot and very noisy.  The door did not fit properly and every sound from the corridor was clearly audible in the room.  We could not recommend this hotel and would not return.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or620-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,You get what you pay for and for the money you shouldn't complain. Considering its excellent location I'd say well worth it. Found the staff charming. Although I didn't eat in the restaurant you're not far from a great choice of places to dine and that's another plus for me.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or625-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad!,"I booked a room here at very short notice and it cost £79 for a twin room mid-week.  We were seeing a show at The Round House, which is a ten minute walk from the hotel.  In contrast to some of the reviews here, my experience was very good.  We had a room on the ground floor which was big and clean. The bathroom was huge and modern and clean.  There was no window at all, which seemed a bit odd, but for somewhere to sleep after a night out I don't think you could find better.  It was basic but nothing like as bad as the photos shown here; maybe they have had a make-over?  Staff were pleasant.  We didn't eat here but the breakfast looked pretty good.  This hotel is what it is - a great place to get a nights sleep if you're not expecting any luxuries! I would definitely stay here…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or625-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but does the job.,"As expected of all Britannias, the hotel is dated and tired looking.  Very basic, no luxuries.  However, the shower worked, the bed was comfortable and the breakfast was (as the food in the Britannia's ALWAYS has been) great.  Tasty, well cooked and plenty of it.  It was a noisy room (the plumbing is old and very noisy, you can hear every other person showering and every toilet flush) and the noise from the road was enough to prevent a decent night's sleep - though bear in mind, I am one of those people who need quiet.  Hubby slept well!  The location is EXCELLENT for Camden, which was our reason for choosing this place - that and the fact it was the least expensive hotel available on this particularly busy weekend.  If you're on a budget, you can't really do better.  It's…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or625-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bad reviews,"Hi I read a lot of bad reviews about this hotel and was actually very worried about staying here. My visit was for 2 nights with breakfast and wine for £149. I was very pleasently surprised. It's not a posh hotel but my room was very comfortable and clean, the food was good and the staff were very friendly and helpful.  I would definitely recommend this hotel if your just looking for cheap and cheerful.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or625-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a good refurbishment,"Last week we spent 4 nights at this hotel, We had booked a family room but got a double with a couch. The room was small, dirty and very smelly the view from the window was on the back entrance of the hotel. My wife complained and I must admit the staff were very accommodating they offered us a second room for that night. The next day we were moved into a brand new room in the refurbished area of the hotel unfortunately the room had no window but the room was clean and you could still smell the fresh paint, all the fitting etc were new. Breakfast was adequate but at exactly 09:30 all the food was quickly removed even while late comers were still loading their plates. If they continue with the refurbishment the hotel will be great in a few years time but there is still a long way…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or625-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Review,"Comfortable, quiet and clean room, although a little dated and in need of some sprucing up. Nice dining room/bar. Staff not as helpful as I expected.  Nice location, close to subway. Only about 20 minutes to Piccadilly  Circus , DT London.  Reasonable stay for a reasonable price.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or630-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"Booked in for 2 nights room only.  Outside approach not inviting,  looked shabby and dirty and in need of a good clean up. Not a warm welcome from reception staff.  Entered lift to 2nd floor and could immediately smell cigarette smoke which could be smelt in corridor, room and bedding.  Nice sized room but decor very drab.  Windows so dirty it was unbelievable. The wash basin had  big crack in it.  Shower rail was covered in rust.  Toilet pan inside was very badly stained good dowse of bleach was needed.  No toilet brush was there. Only 2 teabags and 4 tubs of milk was on the tray.  If you had cup  of tea at night could not have one following morning.  We bought tea and milk from Tesco.  This hotel needs a much needed update and far better housekeeping service.  Staff need…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or630-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than I expected,We arrived early did wait a long time before anyone came to reception  We were then told we couldn't book in until 2pm  I'm getting worried as I had read all the reviews and I'm not wanting to stay here as first  impressions not good it looks very dated and wasn't a good first contact  Back at 2.30 booked in and was asked if they could keep our booking form I asked for photo copy  As this was also my receipt this was done not a problem next we were given our room .........lower ground floor ..... I had already decided that I wasn't going there so mentioned I have asthma and would prefer another room not a problem we got 419 up we came and the maid was cleaning a few rooms away  We opened our door and it all smelt clean you could see where the carpets had been cleaned bathroom…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or630-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",So poor,Were do I start . Dated hotel in need of some money spent on it. The rooms are a good size and clean but very shabby. Staff are not friendly with the exception of Carmen who deserves better staff around her.  The hotel has strange payment structure cash to use the restaurant being one payment up fronr another!  Maybe its because it is used by construction workers that do runners who knows. The food in the restaurant is awful abd in some cases unedible. Cost can vary frim 60 to 130 depending on how you book. I will book again for the location suuts me and there is limited choice around. Good pubs with good food can be found around the hotel.  So if you wanr a bed for the night then its a poor pass if you want quality with service go somewhere else.  ,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or630-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Distinctively Average!,"Hotel was in a great location as we stayed one night for a concert in the Roundhouse - just a 10 minute walk away.    After reading the reviews, I was dreading staying at this hotel, but in all honesty it was slightly better than I expected.  Saying that, the hotel was very dated and could do with a good clean up and redecoration.  The view from our room left a lot to be desired.  However, we only stayed in our hotel room a short while (apart from sleeping!) as we had a concert to go to.  Check-in was fine, the receptionists were pleasant enough as were the bar staff.  We did not eat there, so cannot comment on the food.   All in all, I would not recommend this hotel for its charm or attractiveness, just purely for the location and that is only if you are going to the Roundhouse!",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or630-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad.,"We decided to stay in this hotel for the one night 12th October even though we were in two minds about doing so due to the negative feedback it has been getting off people. We checked in at 12pm (midnight) and the man on reception was really polite, telling us that we were ""in the basement"" which wasn't the best thing he had said if I'm honest! We went down to the room and were surprised at how clean it was, yes it was very warm due to there being no windows but due to standing outside in the freezing cold for ages at a gig we were glad of the warmth! It was very old fashioned but it felt homely and comfortable, we had everything we needed for the night, I left feeling really happy and glad that we decided to go ahead and stop there, it was a lovely room (007) and would be…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or635-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bearable,"Let's start with the positives- I'd say the hotel is bearable- that's the best I can do (and I'm in a good mood!!) . It's in a great location near Primrose Hill and 7 mins from Chalk Farm Station and 10 mins from Camden. Our room was clean and warm so after a long day of walking round London, we just closed our eyes and pretended we were somewhere else... nicer.   If you're one of those people who minds waiting for 10 minutes in a queue to check in, a lift that smells of must and cigarettes, 1970's wallpaper, stained carpets, paper thin ceilings/walls, and a television with 2 channels- then I don't recommend this hotel. Yes it is a bit GROTTY- a word that has been well-used by reviewers of this hotel- actually, very grotty, and needs a complete revamp. We weren't brave enough to…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or635-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very very average,"I stayed 1 night, room was ok but very late 1980's Clean but worn Worst breakfast ever, I would rather have gone to McD's or anywhere actually. It involved the cheapest ingredients and absolutely no service, you are on your own. Only white bread, the cheapest ketchup ever, no bacon for the 1st 10 mins. Very poor",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or635-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby and poor service,"I arrived and it took 2 receptionists about 10 mins to verify that the room was already paid for. I was told I had an executive room on the 5th floor, but if this was executive i would hate to see the other rooms.  The whole decor of the hotel is tired, looks like it was last done in the 70s. Bathroom was dirty and the room was very basic and dated.  Came down for breakfast and was informed it was not paid for. Asked if I could pay and the female receptionist from the previous night reluctantly agreed. Food was basic buffet style, not bad and reasonable price.  I certainly would not go back to this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or635-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Grot!!!!!!,"I had reservations about being in unfamiliar part of London to start with but then thought, Hampstead, supposed to be a nice area? Well, maybe but this hotel is pretty dire! I arrived to be told your booking not paid for but I insisted on ringing the booking company who re confirmed payment. Whilst waiting overheard them trying to charge a guy 50 p to use his debit card, to which he told them to forget it! I later decided I would chance eating as the weather was awful. I was approached by an unfriendly female informing me I hadn't paid for eve meal, to which I replied would be happy to do so. Instead sent the receptionist over who had shown me into the so called restaurant, notably I was the only person in there. By which time I decided I would brave the weather and eat…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or635-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",room without windows and air conditioning,"I can confirm the  ""underground prison cell"" feeling I read in a previous review. I got a room which was just awful and very noisy (you listen to your neighbour's conversation) No windows and not even air conditioning. The air was sticky.  Fair enough, the location of the hotel is good and the breakfast was ok, too.  I would not go here again though.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or640-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting service,"I arrive to check in and the receptionist says she cannot find my booking so I am told to sit in the bar while she checks in other guests, after half an hour I began to think that she was taking the mick, I go back to the reception and she says ""your reservation has been cancelled"" so no coming to tell me this she leaves me waiting! I ask who the booking was cancelled by and she said Expedia, I explain that I had originally booked a room for 1 person but cancelled that and rebooked for 2 people and had a different booking number, I could tell she didn't want to listen to what I was saying and just repeated that the reservation is cancelled and there are no rooms, no apology no offering to help me, although I said I was on my own she just looked passed me to the next guess…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or640-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An average sort of city hotel,"We stayed for two nights at this hotel as at £100 a night it was cheaper than most London hotels. I don't think that the Brittannia chain has much to complement it. The hotels all seem to be tired and run down, that was something of a change as our room was not the pits that some reviewers have mentioned. We were on the 4th floor so away from any possible noise but like The Adelphi in Liverpool the cleanliness of the lifts and stairs left a bit to be desired. The girl on the front desk was efficient but lacked a certain pleasant demeanour. We did not eat in the hotel. In the room, the beds were comfortable although by one of the beds it looked like someone had sneezed spatters of blood on to the wall. There was tea and coffee with a kettle available and the bathroom was quite…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or640-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,We were approx 15 mins from the hotel after travelling 3 hours to get there. A phone call from the hotel to say they had overbooked and were going to move us hotels. I said NO we had an evening near the hotel booked. They finally put us up in what I can only describe as a underground prison cell. No windows. If you walked down the stairs passed the toilet it really stank of urine. The area is lovely and friendly. We had a few beers around the area before our evening at The Forum. £100 room and park. No breakfast. Would def not stay here again. Pay £20 to £30 extra and have a room with at least one window. Not a segregation cell. You feel so isoloated. Seriously no natural light in too. At all. ,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or640-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel-CALL THE HEALTH INSPECTOR!!!,I booked a one night stay. I was given a room in the basement. I asked the receptionist if there windows in those rooms. She said no but everything in the room is brand NEW and that i would like it. She also added that they were completely booked for the night and there were no available rooms. Enroute to my room i passed by the mens restroom with filled the smelled like urine that had been sitting in an unflushed toilet for weeks. I opened the door to my room and it smelled like old molded wet carpet and it was muggy. I dropped my luggage and assessed the situation. While in the room everytime someone enter the hall from i could hear the slam from the outer door. My head was starting to hurt from the smell of the room so i retreated to find food and fresh air away from the…,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or640-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Awful hotel, nothing good to say about it!! ","I booked this hotel with a rail and hotel stay through superbreaks for me and my mother. We wanted a cheap weekend away. Yes the hotel was cheap but it wasn't at all good value for money. There was no hot water for the duration of our stay due to the boiler breaking down in the whole hotel. The taps leaked, it was old fashioned and very unclean. We also paid for breakfast what I quite frankly would feed to a wild dog. The tables were unclean and the cutlery had food from the previous hotel on. One thing I have learnt is you get what you pay for in London!! Don't do it.... You've been warned!! ",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or645-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",If you only read one review please make it this one ..," I've visited this hotel twice now in the past couple of months, the first time was totally appalling and the second apart from the unfriendly staff a marked improvement but still failed in many levels.  Why when it was so appalling would I go back you may ask, well we were offered a complimentary stag in a refurbished room as compensation for our experiences on a 2 night stay in July.  My husband vowed never to set foot in the place again but after obtaining tickets for a free gig at a venue close by my daughter and I decided to take them up on their offer and I think my latest experience might throw a little light on there are such mixed reviews about this hotel:   The first visit was, as I said, absolutely appalling and to put it bluntly I wouldn’t have kennelled a dog there:…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or645-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not a hotel I would bring my wife to.,"Looks OK from the outside, but needs more than just a brush-up i side. Nice and friendly personnel changed my room at check-in. I asked if it was a downgrade or upgrade. I could easily have been fooled by seeing the room a few minutes later... It was an upgrade. Anyway the room was OK, but one floor down, in the basement. Had to pass the pissoir on my way to find it somewhere down there in the labyrinth.  After releasing myself from a tie I went upstears for something to eat. Still a few minutes left before they packed down a buffet who obviously had been very popular earlier that evening. Very little left, but it was OK for me. I paid the around a tenner and found a plate. From earlier experience I left the sallad and gave a few potatoes a try and what was left from something…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or645-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Dingy, dated but fairly comfortable","The Britannia Hotel is in Primrose Hill Road, Swiss Cottage not actually Hamstead. We booked through the pot luck system of Expedia where you only get to know the hotel AFTER you have booked and paid so you cannot do a prelim check as the price cuts are described as deep!!!! It is walking distance from Chalk Farm Station and very convenient for the underground system in London. There is also car parking which we didn't need as we came up to town on the Reading Heathrow shuttle  which is very cost effective. Reception was just OK as the girl on duty was new and didn't know where to locate the booking, but she was soon assisted by someone more experienced. Our room on the first floor was on the road side and a bit noisy. The room was reasonably furnished but not that clean in…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or645-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Certainly not recommend to anyone!,"I chose hotel as it was near a tube station which would allow me to park my car in the hotel car park and walk to tube for my business meeting the following day.  I arrived at hotel to find entrance to car park open so was let in but there was no where to park as there were quite a few builders vans in it , worse still you could not get out once you were  in, so I called in to reception and joined the queue for the one receptionist on duty and had to wait around 15-20 mins before she was able to tell me that the car park was full and gave me a token to get out.  Not a good start. Eventually got car out of car park and tried to find parking in street but found it was all permit only. So pulled into front of hotel to be told by another person that there was a parking space around…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or645-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",the dated hotel,"This hotel is very much in need of renovation, the staff service is very poor, food is poor. The bed was hard and the curtains were falling down, the carpet was stained and the bathroom smelled musty. A lot of traffic noise. The only upside is the location.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or650-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Simply Appaling,"Where do I start..  The only reason we stayed here was that my mother accidentally booked two hotels in London for a visit. We live in Crouch End, so about 2 miles away, still thought it might be 'nice' to get away... The joke of the whole thing is that my mum got a 5* hotel for the same price in Central London (which this hotel isn't).  Firstly - the name! - Not in Hampstead, why is it called Hampstead...  Second, The outside - one word, dingy! Completely outdated and grotty.  Third, The welcome: A reception straight out of the 70's and I don't just mean in style! - The reception looks as thought it hasn't been decorated for a long, long time. Dirty carpets, dirty windows, dirty lift. A empty bottle of coke on the stairs going into the basement (where some of the rooms are -…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or650-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",the hotel time forgot,stayed here for a week whilst working in London.The staff were helpful and the location is pretty good good bus service and a tube station about 10 mins walkaway. the rooms are very tired and dated and the decor poor and marked but the bed was reasonably comfortable and the shower was clean and worked ok.I also had a balcony and as the weather was warm it was a nice place to sit with a glass of wine after work.i would not reccomend it for a romantic date or a treat but i have stayed in loads of awful hotels in London which cost a lot more and would be happy to stay there again when working in town,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or650-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding,"Chanced by this hotel for a weekend in London. You take your chances don't you? But I cannot fault it. Parking  great, location great, service , room cleanliness great, price same as a premier inn - yet I never heard another sole in 72 hrs, no doors banging, no loud TVs. I opted out the breakfast, to be honest thinking cheaper elsewhere. Big mistake! I succumbed on my last day £7 and I cannot think of any ingredient not present (inc chips at 0800 on a Sunday)  The selfish side of me wants to keep this Hotel as my own secret, but credit where it's due. You want to do London? - Go here!!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or650-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - rooms were dated and dusty,Spent two nights at the Hotel in August 2014.  Location was good with easy access to Camden and Primrose Hill.  Beds in the room were small and uncomfortable. Carpet was stained. Bathroom was very dated and had a frequent unpleasant smell.,Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or650-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected!,"Well, I was really rather worried after reading various reviews on here about this hotel. Words like 'unsafe' and 'disgusting' don't bode well when you're about to stay a night somewhere so needless to say I was rather apprehensive upon arrival.   I walked in at reception and was welcomed by oak panelling, a mirrored ceiling and an eclectic mix of old furniture. I checked in and was told that my room was downstairs. I thought this was rather odd considering I'd walked in at ground level. My room was indeed, in the basement. I wasn't too bothered by this but the lack of sunlight may be a problem for some people.   Generally, the room was nice, full of old furniture but all in decent condition. It did get rather warm at night and I can see that being an issue in the summer due to…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or655-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Down in the dungeon!,"Avoid this hotel it certainly does not do the Britannia Group any favours. We were given a basement room, with no windows, no air conditioning and no bathroom ventilation! After hours of asking to be moved to a room above ground level we were eventually moved to the Marriott at Regents Park, this was 11.00 pm at a reduced price. Thank goodness for credit cards!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or655-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worst London hotel I have seen,"Booked to stay for 2 nights (Sat/Sun), chose the Britannia for its location and because everywhere else was booked up. The receptionist was very abrupt and unwelcoming, the carpets in the lobby and hallways were very grubby, the place has a strange stale smell. We checked in and went to our room, took one look at it and promptly booked out. It was grubby, dingy, dirty, the bathroom was mouldy, the curtains were hanging off. Carpets are in dire need replacement, in fact the whole hotel is in need of a total refurb. The staff didn't seem to be bothered that we were checking out straightaway, very poor customer service. We managed to book the Ramada North London for the same price, although it was 8 miles north AND cost us a fortune in taxis to and from the centre of London, it was…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or655-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",has been,"spent 2 nights there with my son for a London WE, choosed it for the location and because the other places I'm used to stay had no more rooms available or only luxury ones/too expensive. pillows smelling sweat, rooms need to be totally freshen up, carpet in the corridor is full of stains over the years, people for cleaning hanging around trying to look like being busy by moving, employees shouting through the lobby to talk to another one, a general feeling of letting go, not worth the price, you pay more for the location then the service",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or655-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful / scanky / grubby / and HOT!!! – and the staff couldn’t care less!,"My partner and I live in Brighton and work in London.  We have just started staying in a hotel once a week to break up the commute and ideally we are looking for a place that is reasonably priced and consistent in terms of standards.  We are not looking for luxury or any bells and whistles – just a comfortable place to sleep.  We have stayed in the Hampstead Britannia twice in the last two weeks.  The first time it was ok, for £69 in London we thought it was very reasonable for what we got.  The room was incredibly hot (a surprise given that it wasn’t a particularly balmy evening) but I called reception (at midnight) and asked for a fan and they brought one up 10 minutes later which I was impressed with.  The room was very tired, only one side had a bedside lamp, the TV…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or655-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","C'mon people, this place isn't that bad","Having read some of the reviews after making my 'Non Refundable' booking. I entered the hotel room with gut wrenching trepidation of what horror lurks behind those doors, however much to my relief, I was very pleasantly surprised. Yes, I'm sure some guests had wallpaper peeling off the walls, yes I'm sure some rooms had windows that never opened wide enough and yes i'm even sure some rooms had a clunk of glue on the bathtub. But despite these apparent deal breakers for many, myself and companion had a great 4 night stay. Maybe we were lucky, or just maybe we didn't expect champagne having paid for beer. The staff were helpful with the exception of one...I would mention her name and rat her out had I taken it. Also, the so-called 24hr bar in my opinion should probably be manned…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or660-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast chef needs to go back to basics,"Just stayed one night in this hotel. Room was adequate and bar stayed open late. However my colleagues warned me about the breakfast. Didn't think it was possible to a get a breakfast buffet quite so wrong. Didn't try sausage, egg, mushroom as they looked inedible. What I did try was pretty bad and croissant I resorted to was stale. Apple juice was ok! Next time I work at the roundhouse I will try somewhere else.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or660-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,We have just stayed here for two nights. We read the reviews before booking but thought it was worth the risk as there were as many good as bad. Ignore the good ones. So the good points first. It's close to the northern line so is a great base for sightseeing in Central London . The area seems nice enough so you don't feel unsafe or anything like that. The staff are friendly and did their best with what they have. This is where the problem lies.  The hotel looks to be late 60s vintage and to be honest a lot of the interior fittings are probably original. The whole thing is just tired. Don't get me wrong the bedding and towels were spotless as we're the toilet and sink.  The rest of it needs total refurbishment.  We were given a room which turned out to be on the lower ground…,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or660-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and clean,This hotel was comfortable and clean. It is in a great area and was relatively close to a tube station and great bus access. It is old and probably needs a freshen up. No air conditioning - and we happened to get to london in a mild heat wave! (Not the hotels fault!) it had a weird smell always present the whole time we were there.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or660-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Could be better,"The advantages first. Great location. A 5-10 minute walk to nearest underground station, in London center in less than a 1/2 hour. Neighborhood around hotel has lots of restaurants, cafés, shops... Staff very friendly and helpful.   The disadvantages.  The hotel is in need of a major renovation. Everything seems old and worn out. While I didn't find it disgustingly dirty, I felt like it could have been a lot cleaner.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or660-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a mess,The star rating is WAY above similarly rated hotels in London.  Run down rooms. Broken tile in the bathroom. Mold in the bathroom. Beat up furniture. Peeling wall paper. Ripped and stained carpets.  No air conditioning (avoid in a heat wave.),Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or665-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Sorry but this hotel was not cheap at £149 for a single room without breakfast. The carpet was dirty and stained. The bathroom fitments were disgraceful. There were dirty plates in the corridors left from the previous guests. Curtains were off the rails, coffee table was badly stained, wallpaper coming off the walls. Plumbing noisey, I could go on and on. Staff were not helpful. Sheets and towels were clean but that is the only good thing I can comment on.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or665-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing staff,"We came here after I had to have surgery in London during Wimbledon. When we arrived we were dismayed to find that we would need to be transferred to another hotel due to the busy period, but after consulting the staff of my condition they immediately gave us a room and were very helpful and friendly to us.   The room was clean and tidy - no complaints, yes this is not the most modern hotel but the price does reflect that.   The manager was fantastic and caring - so pleased we chose this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or665-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"After reading reviews, we were cautious of what the hotel was like, however upon arrival, we were pleasantly surprised. Hotel staff were lovely and the rooms - though dated - were not an issue at all. We booked a room just to stay in, and as we knew we wouldn't be there much, we didn't want to pay extortionate prices. It's location is lovely, we walked through Primrose Hill to the zoo, and was central to the tube station, Chalk Farm, which is a short walk away.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or665-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value stay,"This hotel is really good value the rooms are clean, yes they need updating however for the price and location I find it extremely good value and in a very nice area of London dont waste time looking for faults enjoy your time in London !",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or665-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Why all the negativity!? It's fab.,"Clean, well priced and great location - I don't get why it's being rated so low when it's a pretty decent place!   Yes, the rooms are a little dated but come on, for what you pay it's not gonna be five star height of fashion! People expect too much these days. Room was clean with comfy beds and staff around to help - plus the bar is cheapest prices in area so good place to start your night. I went with my friend and we're young women more used to the camden town scene but we were surprised by this place.   Stop hating on it people - for a three star, cheap as chips hotel you could do a lot worse!!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or670-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy comfortable rooms/great location ,"Me and my friend thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Although a bit dated, we felt it gave the hotel character. We did have problems with the shower as we struggled to turn it on and off. After calling reception the man on reception came up to help. The beds were so cosy and comfortable.  Got the best nights sleep ever. Location was in in a great place, excellent location for camden town, the best place in London!  Drinks were reasonably priced and staff were helpful.  Overall good. People like to complain about eveything and anything.  If you want the ritz then go to the ritz!  On the other hand, me and my friend are happy to come back here any day time and year :)",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or670-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy comfortable rooms/great location ,"Me and my friend thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Although a bit dated, we felt it gave the hotel character. We did have problems with the shower as we struggled to turn it on and off. After calling reception the man on reception came up to help. The beds were so cosy and comfortable.  Got the best nights sleep ever. Location was in in a great place, excellent location for camden town, the best place in London!  Drinks were reasonably priced and staff were helpful.  Overall good. People like to complain about eveything and anything.  If you want the ritz then go to the ritz!  On the other hand, me and my friend are happy to come back here any day time and year :)",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or670-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but thats about all,"Just got back from a one night stay in the Britannia Hampstead Hotel and all I can say the place has going for it is the location, about a 5 min walk from Camden high street, but that's it! After the location it all goes down hill!   We decided on this hotel, and paid more than others in the area due to advertised onsite parking. Get there and they have only 6 parking bays for around 70 rooms, so ended up having to park nearly a mile away and pay £48 for 24 hours. Reception staff wasn't exactly helpful when it come to tell us where to park, and had to resort to spending time on mobile phones to find 24 hour parking. The manager of the carpark was friendlier and more helpful than the hotel staff.  We were put in a room below ground level with no windows which was very warm and…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or670-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Polite staff but desperate for a refit.,"My stay was booked for me by work. On arrival the staff at reception were polite and helpful but it was immediately clear that the hotel was desperate for a refit, everything was very worn and tired clearly dating from the early 1980’s. My room was quite literally in the basement, there were no visible signs of damp but there was a musk like smelt that suggested damp. This was probably exacerbated by the lack of a window in the room and no other noticeable signs of ventilation. The room was visibly clean with a functional bathroom and the usual tea / coffee making facilities, there was a TV with the basic freeview channels but on turning the TV on there was an annoying whistle on the audio which could not be stopped. I did not eat in that evening but did have breakfast the…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or670-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very Poor,"We stayed in this tired and dirty hotel for just one night. The room had old and threadbare furniture, the shower was in a cupboard and the toilet was tiny with a broken flush. I reported the toilet to the lady on reception, however she said the handyman had finished for the day and there was no one else to fix it, no alternative was offered to us and it wasn't repaired. The hotel is in a decent location and there is a late bar that is cheap, other than that, this place has nothing to offer.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or675-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe and dirty...,"I have stayed in a few shockers over the years but I think this just about takes the 'worst ever' crown. We were staying for (thankfully) just the one night for business and as we booked last minute this was the only hotel that had rooms available.   The outside looks like something out of the 70s with grubby yellow curtains in the windows, and my colleague exclaimed 'oh no, I think that might be the one' as we approached it.  We had read on tripadvisor that some rooms did not have windows, so, as a claustrophobic, that was the first thing I asked the rather abrupt receptionist to which she replied (once she had eventually found our booking) ""yes, but don't worry, you have a window!!"". Bizarrely, I felt extremely relieved and happy at hearing this, even though I would have…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or675-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel with nice staff,"Stayed only the 1 night but as I had been to other Britannia hotels, knew I couldn't go wrong. Good price, good breakfast and a good sized room! Accommodating staff happy to help, nothing was too much trouble for them right down to ordering a taxi",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or675-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst imaginable,"even if there is not a single room in london for your price range DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL ever. try anything else available. as this is guaranteed horrendous. they don't give a sh** if you stay there or not and will say so to your face - the reception girls might even yell at you  !! !! they have windowless !! rooms in the basement !! they offer and even charge for these as standard double rooms etc.. dirty, and just a real poor bet. do not bother you will regret it immediately - be warned.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or675-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"Shocking. £175 per night.  Chicken bone on bedroom floor on arrival. Filthy carpets and dirty Trip advisor  Britannia Hotel  Check in 17/6 Check out 19/6  Shocking. £175 per night.  Chicken bone on bedroom floor on arrival. Filthy carpets and dirty woodwork.  Cupboards unclean, dirty underwear not removed from previous guest.  Tired throughout hotel. Food not fresh. Towels second rate. 1970 hotel decor with sticky tape holding carpet together.  Smell being masked by shake and vac which made an allergy worse. Would not recommend this hotel on any level.   We ate in England's Place, lovely coffee shops, good Italian restaurant where were informed that hotel clients had come in complaining of similar 'horrors'.   Would never return.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or675-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",a bit rubbish...,I stayed here before with my sister and managed to get a good deal for a two night stay. Based on my experience last time I booked for myself and my husband to stay for one night. It was far more expensive than last time I stayed and we were in a basement room so no window. It was incrediblyhot and the fan provided was old and noisy. One of the lamps in the room didn't work and the other was cracked. Some of the wallpaper was missing and some had been scribbled on. The hotel needs a lot of work doing to it to bring it up to date and make it worth the money charged. I think we'll be using air b'n'b the next time we travel to London.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or680-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Basic clean accommodation,"The building is a little tired but the housekeepers do a good job and the bed linen is clean and crisp.  The loo paper is very thin and cheap and the towels are small (these thing matter ! )  The hotel is used a lot by contractors working locally. Breakfast is OK but nothing to get excited about. Overall, a good basic hotel if sightseeing or working in London on a budget and you just want a base to sleep  There is some car parking at the hotel but this get full very quickly by those in the know, however there is overnight / weekend street parking nearby. I have never had a problem getting a taxi via the reception staff but it's advisable to get them to book it in advance for you.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or680-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",How are these people still Trading?,What an absolute disgrace of a hotel this is. I have been unfortunate to stay in Britannia Hotels on many occasions and this is definitely the worst I have stayed in. No wonder why National Holidays refused to name the hotel until the day before we travelled. If it wasn't for the fact we were on a trip to see Miss Saigon we would not have gone! I'm not going to give a long review only to say that this is a filthy smelly hotel that is ridden with damp. Our room was awful and the smell unbelievable. On a positive note the beer was cheap and the breakfast was OK. Britannia Hotels.....invest in your hotels and you will get repeat customers!! Let the pictures speak for themselves...,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or680-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","If you stay here, be prepared to be disappointed","Wow what a major disappointment. The staff are miserable and unhelpful. We we're put in a room with no windows. A claustrophobics  nightmare. When we complained, the staff at reception were awful and made us feel like an inconvenience. Finally they placed us in a room with a window, but how this can be classed as a 3 star is beyond me. My summary is basically do not stay here!! ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or680-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"There are many examples of poor hotels - usually we are lucky but this time we found ourselves in a hotel which in our opinion should be closed by the local authority until it is safe and clean. The owners of this miserable Manchester based chain should be ashamed to offer such properties in a capital city ..........it is Blackpool 1950s writ large. Perhaps the company has no budget, is running at a loss, cannot raise funds for investment, does not train staff. Whatever,this IS Fawlty Towers. The photographs tell it as it is .......each is captioned appropriately.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or680-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Unsafe & smelly, not a great experience","I stayed here last night for, thankfully, just a single night. A colleague & I were working locally and the business we were working for had booked this on our behalf.   From the outside, while approaching the hotel, we could see the curtains of the rooms appeared plasticky and were a mustard yellow in colour, sure enough our fears were realised.  On paying for the rooms in this central London hotel the pdq machine failed to complete the process of a standard chip and pin card 3 times, in the end she swiped the card and I signed for it.  Room keys come attached to a 6"" x 1"" block of plastic. Easily removed for pocketing the key in order to go out for a bit into Camden, which I promise you will want to do!  The rooms are smelly and outdated, I felt as if I had just walked into my…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or685-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",90s nightmare run by the Stasi,"This is exactly how I imagine a hotel in East Berlin would be if Rosa Kleb and miserable Stasi rejects designed it. Only redeemed by letting you smoke in the rooms. Two horrible painted East European reception staff. Worn, peeling, cheapest possible everything. The hotel itself was just as bad. The first room I had was next to some screaming pipes and the phone didn't work. So they couldn't give me the promised alarm call. They didn't, even when they moved me to another room, gracelessly and sullenly, where the phone did work. The bed was as hard as a rock i.e. the mattress was so thin you are touching the wooden base. Stains on the carpet, rusted fittings. Avoid this at all costs, unless you are a smoker. The breakfast was ok but the coffee had been made possibly days before…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or685-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Simply the worst night sleep ever,"If you want to hear every sound on your floor, want to feel like the people who are talking along the corridor are in your room, hear everyone going in and out if their rooms than come here.   If you don't and want a peaceful nights sleep go somewhere else. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or685-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job...just.,"Me and my brother stayed here for one night after a concert in London. It was fine to crash after a heavy night but that's about it. When we checked in the room stunk of bleach and we had to leave the window open all throughout so not to choke on the smell. The toilet didn't quite flush fully and the lights in the bathroom worked randomly, the beds were thankfully clean. The hotel is cheap for the location and does the basic job of giving you somewhere to sleep. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to spend more than sleeping time in the hotel, it just wasn't nice at all.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or685-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Probably the worst I've ever stayed in. Dated......Smelly........ Single beds.....and feel unsafe.   The front desk staff are nice though although very slow.   Was supposed to stay 3 nights......Checked out after the first night and forfeited the other 2 nights which I had to pay in advance. But it was better to move and suffer the loss than put my health and safety at risk.   Never Again,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or685-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",All I can say is Eewwww!!,"...On the positive side (and that's why it gets a poor rather than terrine!) the front desk staff are lovely and very helpful.    Unfortunately the hotel is so unbelievably dated, the furniture very tired and the rooms and almost have a ""dirty"" feel to them.  I stayed for one night (it was supposed to be two) at the start of a week long course being held at the hotel.  When I arrived the foyer looked like it needed a good clean and stank of smoke.  On the night I stayed the room just felt grubby, not all of the lights worked, there was a couple of dubious stains on both the curtains and the sofa in the room.  There was a really bizarre picture in the bathroom too.  When I stayed there seemed to be a large number of guests who were really quite rude and who proceeded to party in…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or690-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Seems pretty good for London,"Some friends and family have stayed here, and I've checked out the rooms and facilities. But full disclosure, I have never slept here.  That said, the rooms are big for London standards, and the price is really good for London. It's seen better days overall, and there can be some shady dudes around, however it is in a very safe area. The location is decent and the wifi is fast.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or690-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Best value in london,"Yes this hotel is very dated but its so close to camden its an absolute bargain, paid just 150 pounds for a weekend break which is great value in the capital, primrose hill is a nice area for a stroll and drink, camden is superb for nights out and  shoppin and all of londons attractions are a 5min walk to chalk farm station away. Rooms, staff are just fine dont believe the ridiculous picky reviews.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or690-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","great stay, would come back again","Myself and my partner stayed here as part of a superbreak offer and I did wonder what it would be like having read a couple of the more recent reviews but we weren't disappointed.  The hotel is situated a short walk from Chalk Farm underground station and is very easy to find.  The hotel is ideally situated for Primrose Hill and the London Zoo and can be walked in 10 mins and 20 mins respectively.  The room (116) was more than adequate for a 2 star hotel, comfy bed and a separate sofa and the bathroom whilst basic did its job.  The room was clean and whilst yes the tv only has basic channels who actually cares about that-we were there to see the sights of London not watch tv.  The breakfast offered a good choice, all the usual's for a buffet breakfast and a selection of drinks…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or690-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One step above a homeless shelter!,"I booked this hotel with Hotwire.com as a blind deal. I didn't know the hotel until it was paid and non-refundable. It was supposed to be a 3star property or higher. But what I got was only slightly better than a homeless shelter.   It's dirty, smells like stale cigarettes and feels unsafe. Plus it's kind of out of the way.   I am paid for 4 nights but to be honest I might just lose the money and find something better. I don't feel safe here. Or clean, yuck.   One minor good point, the shower is clean. You have to be a small child to fit in the shower, but at least it's clean. ",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or690-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",very good value,"After reading the reviews I did wonder whether I should book this hotel but it was fine.  OK so it is a bit tired and in need of refurbishment but it was clean, the staff were efficient, polite and helpful and the location is excellent. If you are the sort of person who likes to complain about the carpets being shabby or the towels aren't fluffy then don't go.  But if you really want value for money then this hotel is great.  We would certainly go again.  It's on two good bus routes and only 5mins to the tube.  Many people think they would be too far out of the centre of London but it's very handy for Regent's Park, Hampstead Heath, the British Museum, Madame Tussaud's, Camden Market..... I could go on and on. The breakfast had lots of choice including porridge.  How fussy can…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or695-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful experience!,"On arrival we upgraded our room to the 'Executive suite' however, when entering the room we were struck by the dated décor and lack of space. On closer inspection, the room was extremely unclean. The shower curtain was mouldy, as were the windows, there were years of soap scum in the bathroom and on the back of the door, the towel rails were rusty, the mirror was dirty, there was thick layers of dust around the edges of the room, hairs in the bed, the plug socket by the dresser did not work, the bed was springy and squeaked, the shower was covered in lime scale, a convector heater was in the middle of the room (which did not fill us with any hope of a warm night), the ceilings were stained yellow, the toilet roll holder was broken, and the windows were so dirty in the corridor…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or695-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not great!,"Putting it very bluntly the hotel is probably one of the worse I have stayed in. Although the prices were very good for London, it wasn't worth it. Only positive feedback I could give was that there was that Chalk Farm tube station was a quite close by. Staff were ok too. However, the hotel room was very cramped, we had a twin room which was tiny on the first floor and the lift barely fitted three people in it. Overall I wouldn't bother to stay here again, pick a different hotel! Also the TV didn't have free view just a basic four channels.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or695-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as we thought!,"We were quite worried arriving at this hotel.  It certainly looked like a 2 star... Arrived just after 1430, polite staff checking in, and straight to our room, although some other people had to wait for their room. The hotel really does need a complete makeover!, very dated and tired. Our room was OK. Again very dated and the double bed was a small double.  We had room 318, and found it fine. Breakfast was ok too.  Plenty of choice. The bar prices were cheaper than a lot of pubs we went to, and the staff were polite. Couldn't of asked for a better location for the price we paid. Would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or695-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Theives,"My wife booked this hotel with a meal and complementary bottle of wine she paid  in advance, the food was kept warm on the bain-marie for what looked like it had been their an age, even the rice had shrunk from the side of the catering tin.  The manager or assistant manager offered us any meal we wanted for free but we refused this judging by the so called buffet standard. However my wife asked for the wine which she was given she put it in our room so we could have it when we got back latter in the eve. We returned to find that the wine was gone, she complained to reception who eventually replaced it. She drafted a letter to the manager who didn't want to reimburse her but offered to give us another night in this hotel which we declined. But we are prepared to stay at an…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or695-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",For a 2 star hotel I was more than happy,"Having read some terrible reviews, we were a little worried about staying here but had already booked with Superbreak.  This is a 2 star hotel and appearance on the outside was in keeping with this.  Staff were fine.  We were in the basement (floor -1) and I can honestly say that apart from no window, the room was spacious, comfortable and most importantly clean.  As stated earlier, we had read reviews and so inspected the bathroom but nothing untoward.  My double bed very comfortable, the twin bed a little squeaky.  Breakfast was fine, parallel to some 3 and 4 star hotels I have stayed in and yes, there are chips included but they looked very nice :)  Bear in mind this is not a 4 star hotel so if you want luxury then this is not it but a thoroughly decent stopover - thank you!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or700-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Outdated rooms and personnel with an attitude,"Stayed in this hotel 13/04 to 14/04, just one night.  - Upon check in, room was not ready although it was 14:25h we had to wait until 14:40 - Employees cleaning the room just said 'Not ready, go to bar' - Room was very outdated - Toilet did not flush - Stains in carpet - Apparently rooms are booked without breakfast - Upon arrival you have the 'chance' to pay €10,00 for breakfast, a bit disproportional, this is not a 4* (or more) hotel   We arrived by car from Belgium and particularly chose this hotel because it was advertised (on ebookers.com) with a 'Free Parking' service.  - Upon checkout the very, very rude front office girl asked us to pay for the 'free parking' - We denied, and her attitude became even worse, even accusing us for not having paid for the room at all (even…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or700-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",comfortable stay in the Britannia Hampstead Hotel,"Just back from a 2 nights stay at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel.We enjoyed our visit very much,the hotel was clean and comfortable and all staff were friendly and helpful.The hotel was good value for money and we would stay again. Nice breakfast too.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or700-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very upset family,"We booked to stay on a 2 night break, upon arrival we were given our keys to 3 rooms as it was myself, my husband, mum, daughter, son and grandson, we were going as it was my daughters 21st, my sons 18th and my wedding anniversary, when i oped the door to my room, i was disgusted, the shower wasnt large enough for my 2 yr old grandson let alone an adult, the curtains were hanging off, the was mould and the wallpaper had peeled off, so i demanded a new room for myself and husband which we recieved, but even after being given a supposeidly new room the toilet had a huge crack in it inside and out, the heating didnt work and the room was damp, this was a new room!!!! the other 2 rooms were worse, the drawers had fallen to bits there were fag marks in bathroom, mould, dust, curtains…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or700-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for a night's stay,"We visited a few weekends before Christmas for two nights, and chose this place for the price and the location. My partner has stayed here a few times before on business and deemed it just fine for what it was, and I do agree. Check in was easy and fast and our room was ready before check-in time so that was a bonus! Everything was clean, beds where comfortable and shower was hot and pressure incredible. It is a little worn as a general over-view but as just a sleeping arrangement it definitely did what it was meant to. It is up a hill but it’s not a bad walk in nice weather, the closeness to the tube station is definitely a pro too. I probably wouldn’t stay again as there are so many other hotels in different places to experience in London, but to be close to Camden/Kings Cross…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or700-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for the money,Visited this hotel a year ago and again this week as part of a Superbreak package.Check in as very speedy although the receptionist was rather brusque and not terribly friendly.There has been some attempts to update the rooms with fresh wallpaper and new shower fittings. They are clean and tidy and extra pillows are found in the wardrobe. We had a slight problem getting the shower to work but this was sorted out within half an hour if reporting it. Our twin bedded room was on the first floor overlooking the back and was fairly quiet except for the guests in the next room having incessant loud conversations all evening and noisy guests in the corridors in the early hours of the morning. This is not the hotel's fault - just inconsiderate people. Our package included breakfast.…,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or705-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London trip,Went for a two night b/b. A bit tired looking but good base for break. Rooms a bit dated but ok Good sleep. Near a tube station. Breakfast had good selection and plenty of. You get what you pay for and I would rather have a hearty breakfast to set you up for the day than just pay for a fancy room.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or705-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty poor,"Let's be honest this place isn't great. I'll start with the positives though. Natalia on reception was very helpful and the breakfast was ok. The price is also cheap for London. Negatives, very dated and fairly dirty. Room was also like a sauna with no way I could find of making it cooler. There was also blood all down the sides of my sink basin. I will upload a picture for you to go ""urghhhh"" at.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or705-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not a great hotel,"Scruffy hotel, even as you approach it looks tired and old.  Outside is dirty, cigarette ends all over the place, never swept or cleaned.  Dowdy and depressing inside.  Bedroom was awful, blue walls, green curtains, odd lamps, great big light fitting on the ceiling, lights over the mirror in the bathroom with absolutely no light bulbs in! Awful tatty furniture, valance on the bed was creased and dirty, sheets looked ok, terrace outside bedroom was awful, dirty and dismal, door leads out on to terrace which doesn't lock so other people in other rooms could easily come in, no key to lock it with - never slept a wink.  Breakfast was horrible, tea and coffee awful, beans mushy, other stuff luke warm.  Car park scruffy, only room for about 9 cars and it's by smelly dirty bins.  I…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or705-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Place to shower and sleep...,"We stayed at this hotel on the 11-13th march 2014, on first impressions the outside of the hotel was awful!, however the lobby was dated but clean and fresh and, it is important to note at this point that the staff were lovely.  Our room was very dated but clean in the important places, and the bed was very comfortable!. a previous guest had obviously been smoking in the bathroom, the shower was very dated and yellow with age, and there was a dust problem in the bathroom light grill and in the light fittings and pictures.  We ate dinner on the first night at £10.95 per person and wished we hadn't!  Breakfast was varied and offered plenty of choice, make sure you have paid in advance since it costs £10.95!. If you are a fan of bacon, please be aware that they use off cuts of what…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or705-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very reasonable ,"It's an ok hotel, clean with  friendly staff. Few minutes walk to Chalk Farm tube and Camden Town. Great full English with chips too!! Used it many times good value for London. Bar open late with good selection, parking on site again reasonable prices. ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or710-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking.......,"Stay 12th march 2014 !!!! Paid £75.00...in room now !!!!  Awful..... room seriously needs upgrading very tired and dated,  stained carpet, bedding creased and one single divan in room had no legs divan just on the floor. Valance sheet has marks all over it. Net curtains have mould marks on them. Room is too hot and had no real breeze from window and cannot turn heating down.  The car parking is a nightmare and you walk through car park and it is disgusting food from kitchens over floor.....filthy !!!  Checked in eventually....reception area not inviting and grubby. We are on floor 4 and walking down the corridor we were greeted by a carrier bag of rubbish and half eaten sandwiches on the floor (ok not entirely hotels fault but the scummy people in the room who put it there). …",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or710-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Room - 112,"Room 112 - 1st Floor. We were both really happy with our room. Big & clean. No sign of mould or damp. Furniture all matching, with a sofa. Parking, friendly staff. 10 min walk into Camden, stayed as we were going to watch The Babyshambles play at The Roundhouse!! Brilliant stay, 11am check out, didn't have breakfast so cannot comment. So many tasty cafe's near by ...  ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or710-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What's all the fuss about?,"We booked here to go to the roundhouse. We needed cheap and close. It did it all! You want to moan about this place, then put it on your credit card. Staff were lovely and room ok. Exactly what we expected for the dirt cheap. 👍very basic, bit hey. I'm no superstar ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or710-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"My husband and I stayed here a gift through wowcher.  On arrival in the taxi I had to ask if we were at the right place as the outside was filthy fag butts on floor cans of lager in the hedge and broken glass in the door.  This was not as the pictures had shown. We checked in and given room 011 which was a cold basement room, on entering the room I could have cried, the room stunk of damp, the carpets was threadbear and had stains all over it( sick) The window was rotten and a draft was coming through from an old door or hatch behind wardrobe. The curtains where mouldy from the windows, the view was a hedge a strongbow cider can and a condom packet!! We asked to be moved as not happy also  I can not be in a room like this due to medical condition we got room 501 although better…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or710-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel i have ever stayed in,"Booked this hotel on a kgb deal (£89 for 2 for 2 nights) for a trip to London to see my daughter. On arrival we had to wait for 2 hours for the room to be ready. I paid an extra £20 for an executive room thinking it would be bigger. The room was standard size, small double bed. mouldy bathroom. toilet seat fell off. The evening meal first night was horrendous, cold, tasteless and over seasoned with salt, salt and more salt. There was one young waitress walking about looking bored. shaking the pans in the hotplate to make the food look 'good'. We filled up on bread rolls and fried onions off the sausage. nice!!!! Breakfast next morning was slightly better. Needless to say we did not eat the next evening meal, because it looked the same as the night before. Don't get me wrong it…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or715-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An OK budget hotel,"My husband booked this hotel with a travel agent as part of a theatre trip weekend.  Considering the amount he paid the hotel should have been much better. We stayed in room 302 on a room only basis and whilst it was clean, was tired looking and in need of a massive refurbishment.  This room is next to the lift and I'm glad I brought ear plugs as you could hear the workings clearly.  The other downside was that we lost room on what would have been the bathroom.  This room did not have a bath, and the shower was not in with the toilet and wash basin but in a separate cupboard. This meant you had to step out of the shower into the main room to dry yourself and was incredibly claustrophobic and the water was only just warm enough when turned up to maximum.  The windows which were…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or715-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A very enjoyable stay,"Looking at some of the other reviews, I am wondering if we actually stayed in the same hotel. Having seen an afternoon show in the West End, we took advantage of a bed/breakfast and bottle of wine voucher deal (£59.00 for two). My wife would be the first to complain about cleanliness but it would appear room 307 was to her satisfaction. It was at the front of the hotel overlooking the main road so with single glazed windows there was some traffic noise but it was not obtrusive. We had a good nights sleep....or maybe it was the wine! The bathroom was bright and clean. We had buffet dinner for £10.95 each which we thought was good value plus our free bottle of wine. Breakfast was included in the deal price but I note someone complained about the normal £10.50 price, I am amazed.…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or715-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"We booked into the Britannia Hampstead for the wife's birthday and must say it was the perfect place to base ourselves for a night out in Camden. Just a short walk from Chalk Farm tube station, the hotel was easy to find and ticked all the right boxes for first impressions upon entry. The staff were polite, welcoming and were happy to help out with any information I required regarding the general area and Camden itself. The room was clean, pleasant, well appointed, everything worked and our room on the 4th floor was extremely homely and comfortable. The noise levels shot up if the windows were open but when closed it was possible to shut the whole world out of our room. The area of Camden Town itself is lively, eclectic, colourful, vibrant and extremely full of life with every…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or715-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money!,"Me and my boyfriend stayed at the hotel for 2 nights  (weds 26th- fri 28th feb). When we got to the hotel it looked quite run down on the outside, once we got into the reception area it looked nice, clean and a little posh. Most, if not all staff are french and struggled to understand us a little, however they did give us a map of the surrounding area. They took our details etc and gave us our key, we opened the door to the room and all we could smell was curry!! Which neither of us are fond of and our room should smell fresh and clean not of Wednesday nights dinner. The menu for wednesday night was: soup, curry, fish in a mint sauce and steamed vegetables, luckily we had been a walk into camden whilst waiting for our room to be ready and we noticed a dominoes pizza near by so…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or715-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",above expectations,"Having read previous reviews, we were expecting the worst...however, upon arrival we were pleasantly greeted and provided with requested information on local transport and directions.  The room was very clean and although a little dated and lacking a bit of love and care (ripped headboard and hole in bathroom floor)- was warm and cosy. We had a room on the top floor and had no problem with noise from the street below. We proceeded down to the bar and a bottle of house wine was reasonably priced at 9.95.,although we did the same the second night and got a totally different bottle. Breakfast was ok.. although the bacon was quite fatty , both the mushrooms and tomatoes were tinned but all items were readily available at 9.00am during the week (last orders 9.30 week days). Car…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or720-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unacceptable,"I stayed here the wknd with my husband. On arrival we were pretty much unhappy! Got a drink at the bar, served in a dirty glass. Went to room to see a pretty shabby excuse for a room. Small bed with a thin duvet, shabby curtains, hairs in the bath. Asked for extra blanket and told I'll be fine as the heat has been on all day... Next morning NO hot water.. went to the bar for soft drink; had to wait half an hr to be told there's none!! had to get water instead.. It was cheap to stay in but it could have been a little cheerful.. Won't be staying again and Will definitely not be recommending for anyone to stay in..",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or720-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",horrendous staff,"i took my son here for a nights stay on a kgb deal and i think this was the problem. trying to get the travel passes included with the deal was hard work and we were promised bar food which we were told was unavailable when we got back to the hotel.staff were condascending, confrontactional, arrogant and threataning",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or720-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre,"You only get the basics in this hotel,that is all it is a budget hotel. The bed linen on one of our beds was dirty on arrival at the hotel at about 1 pm,we asked for it to be changed when we went to bed on the night it hadn't been Donne the receptionist brought clean sheets and asked if we could do it ourselves as the housekeeping staff had gone !! The next morning there was no hot water all day as they were having problems so no showers. The staff were friendly but some could hardly understand English. Breakfast is from 7.30 -10 am,we went at 9 and the dishes were empty,we had to wait 10 mins for bacon so we just gave up.next morning we went at 8am and the breakfast was good and plentiful,so make sure you go early. All in all it is just a budget hotel but they need better…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or720-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Visiting London on a budget isn't easy, this hotel suited our needs perfectly. Easy access to the Underground, therefore ideal for theatre breaks/sightseeing. Room (111) was a good size, beds were very comfortable, linen was spotless. Self service breakfast with enough choice for vegetarians and an amazing vegetarian restaurant a few minutes walk away.  Yes, the furnishings are dated and a bit tatty and the bathroom was steamy and tired looking but this was reflected in the price we paid. I'd definitely use this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or720-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"The hotel needs some one who can manage the hotel. The evening meals are terrible, breakfast is better. The hotel is dirty our room still had a piece of paper on the floor from the day we arrived to the day we left. If this is front of house I don,t know what is behind the scenes. Saying that there was confetti on the staircase from the last weddings or party. Looks of people complaining during our stay.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or725-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, ignore the moaners!","I booked 2 rooms on a groupon offer. Took teenagers & 8 yr old for a sight seeing break.  Now, i am very fussy & have stayed in 2* to 5*. Trust me, this hotel is lovely. We had comfortable beds, modern warm room. Great staff & breakfast with loads of choice in the buffet restaurant. I did hear grumbles from other guests that they had to pour their own tea and put the bread in the rotary toaster themselves! Diddums. For £220 for 4 of us for 2 nights plus free meals, wine & travel passes worked out at £20 each per night! Where can you stay in central london for £20 a night? 2 min walk to chalk farm tube. Please ignore the bad reviews and book this place asap. We will definately be back!",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or725-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than we expected,"Just spent 2 nights at this Hotel which our children booked through Groupon, we were very apprehensive after reading so many negative comments on this Hotel but we had a fab time, we had a basement room which we were dreading but it was fine & we had a window, bedding & towels very clean, bathroom needed some updating but it was clean. Breakfast was excellent, lots of choice of cereal, fruit & hot food, our cooked breakfast was hot enough & everything to pick from, bacon, sausage, black pudding, fried bread, hash browns, mushrooms, scrambled or fried eggs, beans & tomatoes..what more could you ask for. Evening meal was not great but again you had a choice from buffet style. When we arrived they brought a bottle of Presecco in ice bucket & 2 champagne glasses to our room which we…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or725-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the wowcher,Although we had a fab time a gift on a wowcher the surroundings ie dinning room bar corridors very dusty glass filthy downstairs rooms smells of damp service in restaurant very poor had to open our own champagne the wItress was frightend to do it the hotel was not that far from tube to access the show and bars in Camden car pArk  very confined very few spaces at ten pound per night no chance if parking in road ,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or725-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",We enjoyed it,The staff were friendly and the breakfast was good. The building is old looking and a bit dated. Only complaint was the bath taps which looked like 1960s and well used. Overall average. Bit awkward to get in with the revolving door.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or725-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific nights stay.,"I genuinely find it difficult to find something nice to stay about this hotel. As I walked past the hotel I could tell I was going to regret this, the building looked shabby. We waited a good few minutes to be seen by reception in a lovely looking lobby. It all seemed ok until we walked to our room (no. 12).  There were rooms that were being renovated that absolutely reeked ans stunk out the hallway. We stepped into the room and I was immediately disappointed. The carpet was stained, the furniture dated, the room was tiny, bathroom floor was dirty, mildew on the windows and there was a huge gap in the window where an annoyingly freezing cold draft came through. Just pitiful.  To my surprise the basin and toilet were clean and there were fresh towels and linen. I dare not take my…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or730-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",lovely staff,"stayed here on a wowcher deal....upon checking in there was a problem with the wowcher code. the staff were very helpful and kind. We finally booked in only to be put into a twin room...once again, staff lovely, and we were upgraded to an exec room on 5th floor, which was much quieter and bigger. The hotel itself is a typical chain hotel, with tatty upholstery and dingy bathroom,but it was comfy and clean. Good place to stay to explore London although the tube is necessary, but easy, to get into the city.  well done to the reception staff!! :)",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or730-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",one night stay,"we stayed here for one night on a groupon deal ,like most reviews the décor and furnishings are a bit out dated,but it is in a ideal place if you want to head in to London for a show which we did.The staff are very friendly and helpful and Camden market is just a short walk away which is very interesting to.I stayed in a Britannia in January which was not good so was dreading staying here but I have no complaints and if I was to return to London to see a show I would keep this hotel in mind.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or730-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",one night stay,"stayed for a night at this hotel as a special deal with breakfast and a bottle of wine on the first night....we had room 313 on 3rd floor, the furnishings are quite dated and a little shabby and the carpet is the same and the two chairs in the room are quite stained !!! .....but we found that the bedding and towels were spotless and that the bathroom although again a little shabby was clean, the water was hot and plentiful but it did """"steam up """" as there was no extractor fan. we did have to ask for tea and coffee satchets as none had been left in the room but they did arrive quickly along with the wine. the rooms on the front are a bit noisy and the old style metal windows are difficult to open and do steam up quickly...... I have to say that there was a slight smell in t.he…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or730-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Faded but clean,"I have stayed at The Britannia Hampstead on many occasion. It is convenient for Camden and Primrose Hill and Regents Park AND it has parking. We arrived late but check in was efficient. We pre-booked breakfast for the morning as there was a discount. The room was warm with clean facilities. The beds were quite lumpy but not unbearably so. In the morning the breakfast was plentiful with fresh fruit, yogurts, toast, croissants, bacon, eggs,mushrooms etc. What was outstanding this time was the service from the lady at reception. Natalia was pleasant, friendly, efficient and showed excellent customer service. As the rain had stopped (briefly) we walked into town through Regents Park, which took about 35 minutes so it was ideal. I would recommend this hotel for an overnight stay -…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or730-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An appalling company to deal with,"After initially making a mistake and booking a pre-pay rate, I called Booking.com (who were great by the way) to amend it to a flexible . I received confirmation of this over the phone and via email stating there would be NO CHARGE for it (I'd booked a lot of rooms, so they were going to make a lot more money). In the meantime, the hotel took money from my account with no notification whatsoever, leaving me over my overdraft limit and incurring charges. When I challenged this, they could not have been more unhelpful and were verging on rude.   Finally, after two week of calls, Booking.com are agreeing to refund me, as Britannia are flat-down refusing to even entertain the idea, despite taking my money without my say-so.  I will never even consider providing this company with…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or735-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",woeful,"Staff checked us in to a dungeon room in the basement, the smell was like a sewer walking along corridor, opened room door to find it was like a prison cell with no windows ( and a used condom packet left in wardrobe!!). Complained to reception that it was impossible to stay in that room, they would not budge and said they were full.It was only when my husband explained i had a medical condition and could not possibly use that room without a window,at that the receptionist upgraded us to an executive room. What a laugh i nearly choked when we entered this upgrade, the smell of damp was horrific, the bath was filthy (pubic hair) the shower had a fur coat of mould. the mattress was attrocious, so threadbare the springs were about to explode. I can honestly say the only good thing…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or735-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not the Ritz but not quite the pitz either,"OK, this Britiannia is a little tired and faded.  Yes the furniture in the rooms seems to have been around longer than the hotel and had a harder life.  And the showers can be a challenge to operate.  But everything is very clean and  the staff are very customer focused and attentive.  And look where you are positioned - within reasonable walking distance of Hampstead, Regents park and Chalk farm tube.  And look too  at what you are paying for this well positioned hotel - my deal gave me a double room, en suite for £70 per night!  Travelling about England I have become accustomed to demands for up to £100 for fairly ordinary B&Bs. I spent the money I saved on good food and drink!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or735-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worse customer service,"An excellent example of rude reception staff when they are talking about you to each other, IN FRONT OF YOU!!!!!  Follow that with ignoring you & huffing at you & you have Britania Hotel hospitality at it's best.  And then to be allocated a rank SMOKING room next to a gang of foul mouthed work men, the brightest moment of our stay was the 'good morning' that had been written on the mirror by some previous guest! ",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or735-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needs some work,"We have just stayed in this hotel I read the reviews on Tripadvisor before we went some for it and some against, well I am with the against. Pleasant staff, good bed but the housekeeping service very poor. Most days we only had 1 hand towel and 1 bath towel between the two of us,  again most days housekeeping didn't top up the tea and coffee again we had to ask, bathroom could have done with a good clean as the corners were black with damp, aluminium windows were filthy as were the net curtains and windowsills. One night we considered eating in the restaurant but at 5pm the menu was still  from the day before, the waiting staff in the dining room couldn't tell us as he said the chef was not in yet, when I mentioned  at reception if they knew what was for dinner their reply was…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or735-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as we thought it would be!,Ive stayed in some dire places in my time BUT this place takes some beating   However I booked before reading Trip adviser not a good idea  The hotel stinks of cigarettes and stale food .Our room was ok and clean but the bed was hell! mattress falling apart and the base broken .Each time we turned over it sounded like thunder as the spring was broken  breakfast was crap   That said the staff did all they could to help and the girl on reception was lovely  Its such a shame but the hotel needs closing down and updating   How long can they honestly think people would come and spend money on such a dump?,Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or740-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel very nice stay,"Very nice hotel, very nice staff. The hotel is affordable and you get what you pay for. Helpful staff and clean rooms, when people moan about this hotel they forget it's not a 5 star one, like the t.v don't work... Well don't you go away not to watch telly, you can do that at home.....thanks once again....",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or740-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel!,"I bought an offer from Groupon to stay at this hotel overnight which included dinner, wine and breakfast. As I had bought the same offer last summer for the Britannia hotel in Canary Wharf, and had a lovely time, I made the mistake of not reading the reviews about this hotel and booked it for the 11th January for myself and my husband as a birthday present for him. We realised that maybe I had made a mistake the moment we arrived as you could see how shabby the hotel was from the outside, but we hoped it would be better once we got inside. Unfortunately things just got worse inside! We were given one of the ""dungeon"" rooms other people have written about on this site, which was awful. We went straight back to reception and were then given a twin bedded room on the fourth floor.…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or740-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Do I, don't I?","We stayed here with National Holidays on B,B & EM. Our original hotel was the International on Canary Wharf but that was changed days before. Our room contained what you would need but the quality was low standard. The windows are all metal framed so there was a lot of condensation and mould. The curtains are of cheap quality and some of the rings missing or broke. The bathroom was adequate but again ""past it's sell by date"" The food was plentiful but tended to be on the aired side rather than hot. The restaurant and bar have furnishings that should have been destroyed years ago, badly stained and worn out. On a positive note all the staff were polite and helpful. If money was spent then this could be a decent hotel. It's location is handy for the tube, buses and Camden Market…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or740-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Flip A Coin To Decide!,The Britannia Hampstead is one of the oldest hotels in London so heads up. The hotel has about 5 floors from which I stayed on the 3rd floor. When i went to the 5th by mistake I noticed that there were several leaks on the ceiling and it smelled like dew and moisture were getting the best of the walls on that floor. Be patient with the elevators too because they take a while to go from the ground floor (0) to the upper floors and vice versa. The room where I stayed had a small damp smell to it and some of the wallpaper was falling off. The carpeting in the hotel is kind of old too so you might see some stains and tears on it. The receptionist explained to me that there are no mini fridges in any of the rooms so don't buy any food that can go bad over night. The mattress was…,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or740-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Most uncomfortable beds I have ever come across.,"The mattress in the room we were given was absolutely horrendous! It was so thin and made a crunching sound every time you moved or sat down on it. We recently threw out our worn out very uncomfortable mattress at home and it wasn't nearly as bad as this mattress that we had paid to sleep on. I went straight to reception to explain, my partner and I already have back problems and we were concerned that we would both wake up in a lot of pain. The receptionist was very helpful and offered me to try 3 other rooms, every mattress was the same, the springs have gone and you could feel the base of the bed, I settled on the least uncomfortable although as they were all so bad it was hard to decide.  The bed definitely had bed bugs too as we could feel them as we laid down under the…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or745-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Could be worse but could be a great deal better,"London is expensive - not much of a newsflash.  Finding good hotels for less is definitely a challenge and this is not a cheap area.  I have used the 'meeting room' (read otherwise, left luggage room) on several occasions mainly due to the lack of other options locally.  This time decided to stay since prices are cheaper. The bed is clean and ensuite.  There are tea and coffee making facilities, TV and free internet - all good.  However the rooms and corridors smell strongly of stale cigarettes mixed with cooked breakfast (not good).  Carpets, chairs, curtains, ceilings and walls are very tired and stained.  My room was very noisy (combination of outside street noise and bathroom plumbing) and service was blunt and down-right rude.  It is a shame because the location and basic…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or745-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, Great Location","Well I have to say I stayed in some grot holes - but this hotel is clean, basic and comfortable with great friendly staff who are welcoming. The hotel itself is very dated, but you get what you pay for. I stayed on a bed and breakfast and the food on the morning was nice and it filled you up till mid day. Your in the heart of Camden Town which is absolutely amazing for funky, shopping. It great location you can pop on bus outside hotel, and tube at end of the street. The rooms are clean and have hot running water for the shower.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or745-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It is what it is,"After reading a lot of the previous reviews I was extremely worried about the hotel and what we were about to go into. Got to hotel and was told there was no reservation under our name. Member of staff was helpful and went through all the bookings trying to find anything that resembled our name, turned out they just spelt it quite wrong.  When told our room was downstairs, the dread set back in as so any people have said it's the worst. But it was ok, only issue was the beds noise whenever you turned over in sleep. And being right by the road there was traffic noise but that's not an issue for me. Dinner was alright, husband compared it to school dinners, but we both had 2 helpings,  breakfast was fine, very similar to what you get at a lot of hotels. We booked the hotel through…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or745-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",a window would be nice..,me and my boyfriend stayed here on the 3rd January for one night having bought a deal through groupon. the location of the hotel was fab in terms of being close to a tube station that had great connections but other than that the hotel isn't anything to shout about. as we were placed in a basement room we were rather unhappy with the room as it slightly resembled a prison due to the lack of light.. a bit of daylight might have been nice. I think the description of the room being a city room and all was rather ironic as we could not see any of the city from our dungeon abode. the hotel was fine for what we needed it for as we only dumped our bags and slept there and did not have the breakfast included as it looked vile so if you are looking just for a place to sleep and get ready…,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or745-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this hotel,"Stay clear of thiis hotel, tired, dirty. Staff the most unhelpful I've ever come across.    The room they gave us was unsuitable for a family, we're eventually given another room. Plumbing was a disgrace, flush hanging out of wall.  Shower over bath, mouldy, base of bath dirty with thick lime scale, wouldn't even have bathed the dog in it. Curtains hanging down from the tracks.  Windows filthy, covered in black mould. The breakfast, which we did't eat look gross, the croissants were stale, hard and cold. The coffee and tea was in dirty stained thermos flasks (and that was the outside). We booked this as a theatre package through superbreaks.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or750-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A BUDGET HOTEL-STANDARD AS EXPECTED,"having read number of the reviews we were a little concerned as to what standard this accommodation was however we were pleasantly surprised- the hotel its self is 10 minutes from the chalk farm tube station which is 15 minutes the centre of London in a nice area our room was of a good standard clean large twin room,bath/shower etc if a little dated no concerns breakfast was as expected -the usual from a traditional English  or cereal as you would expect from a budget hotel -very average look we booked this through superbreaks for £269-which included return train travel for 2 from Edinburgh,2nights b&b at the hotel,2 unlimited oyster cards and a trip on the thames .so overall we got a great deal you couldn't book it yourself separately for less so very pleased",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or750-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",never again...,"me and my partner stayed in an 'executive' suite there over the new year for 3 nights and it had to be the worst hotel we've stayed in and made it difficult to enjoy our break in London. The bathroom had brown mould all over the floor and the plug in the bath was black. We also found blood on the floor and duvet, and hairs on our pillows and dampness around the windows. The curtains were run down and the location wasn't great at all as it's situated nearby to se high rise flats. Upon arrival the staff member on duty told us to 'WAIT' in a very sharp and awful tone of voice after us saying excuse me to her. I could go on but there would be nothing good for me to say; advise from us is just dont waste your money here!!!!!",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or750-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",There are worse hotels...,"...but not much! Having read the other reviews I did approach my stay here with some trepidation. Check in was fine but reception somewhat dirty. Placed in a basement room the walk along the corridor was accompanied by the unsubtle smell of sewage with a background damp odour.  Room was small with the wardrobe put in front of the wooden shutter that may have been once a window - presumably as some sort of security measure. Bathroom was clean but had a makeshift frosted window frosted with stick on plastic sheet.  Arriving back quite late (it was New Years) the night reception security guard looked a bit grubby but was helpful enough so can't complain. Back to the room and time for bed, not very comfortable and probably over 20 years old. Room was noisy but was to be expected at…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or750-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"We have traveled extensively and stayed in several London hotels. We were given a basement room - horrible! Unclean, smelled of mold, shabby, tiny, no hair dryer, towels like dish rags, and very over-priced. I refused to sleep under the covers because of the filth. Couldn't move because of holiday and we only were staying one night do stuck it out. The front desk attendant when checking in was extremely rude and unhelpful. When we reported this to the manager upon checking out, he didn't seem at all concerned - told us that ""maybe she was having a bad day!"" Hello! This is the hospitality industry! Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. For the price, there are many other places of much better quality.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or750-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful which floor you are on!!,"My husband and I stayed here in September 2013. We were put in a basement room, which was basic and clean BUT very near a function room so it was noisy. Also, the corridors getting to the room were filthy! It looked like they hadn't hoovered for weeks and the white doors were grey they were so dirty. The breakfast we paid for was all cold and we didn't even bother eating it the second morning! The overall look of the reception was very shabby. It looked like it hadn't been decorated in years! I would only advise staying here if you are on a higher floor as these rooms look nicer and may be more pleasant. We will not stay there again!",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or755-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers,"Where do I start??? We arrived to have being told that we had a room in the basement, we were lingered by the smell of mould as we approached our room, our room was a family room however due to this it was big but due to the light allowed into the room it made it spooky and hallow! I began to look at the cleanliness of the room as a whole, there was dust above both wardrobes, the doors, and head board of the double bed, we headed to the main reception to refuse this room, we were then put on the first floor, although the room was better definitely the room still lacked heating, hot water and a nice bathroom, but overall it was generally better in those aspects! We embarked the dining room on two occasions, the evening meal had been sat there two hours with only two guests prior,…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or755-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Management is a Joke,The Duty manager has not clue what she is doing and talking about ask for the Hotel manager he is even worse than her. They talk about customer service but have no clue how to talk to guests. Rooms filthy dirty carpets seem they have never been cleaned. Mould on windows curtains with stains when we spoke to the management the attitude that came across was tuff you have paid you stay there or go else where. They didn't even want to refund our money. Shame Britannia Hotels have reached this stage,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or755-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Weekend,"I read all the reviews and the wife and i were a bit worried, we booked this superbreak holiday at very short notice, so did not have much of a choice of hotels, this was the only one available in our budget, so we walked up the never ending hill from chalk farm tube station( not too steep but a long gradual climb), we were not impressed with our first view of the hotel, thankfully we did not judge the hotel until we went in the front door, thankfully we were very presently surprised on how nice the inside looked compared with the outside, we found the staff very friendly and and very helpful, we were booked in without any fuss,we were given our room key and made our way up to the 5th floor, the room that greeted us was,clean,tidy and exactly what we were expecting for the price…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or755-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired old hotel but you get what you pay for.,"We stayed here for two nights at a weekend. Attracted to it because it was cheap and close to Euston station. Low scoring reviews didnt put us off because we didnt intend spending much time in the hotel.  Arrive 1:50pm (10 mins before checkin time). We are politely told our room will be ready in about 10 mins. And it was. Like a few others we find our double room booking turns out to be a twin. This didnt bother us though. We were soon out discovering Camden and the other nice areas that surround the hotel. Nearest tube is Chalk Farm 10 mins walk away, slightly downhill.  Everything about the hotel is tired and dated. We didnt eat or drink in, so apart from that will only say that the staff were always pleasant on reception, room was right temperature, slept ok in the beds, and…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or755-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful room,"I stayed in a double room, number 20. Rooms 1-20 are on the lower floor and 19 & 20 are in a horrible little corner that stunk! My room had no windows and the painting on the wall was just sat on the floor. The bathroom was ok but the room was cold and the little radiator was on full but didn't kick out much heat.  If the room had of been on a different floor or located away from the bottom end of the hotel I would have rated this higher but it was not worth the money I paid for it.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or760-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not many pro's,"Stayed her for the 3rd time last week. First stay was ok, second was a joke and third absolutely  freezing! I only choose to stay here for the convenience of it being close to the hospital I regularly attend. Nothing eventful to report on the first visit, on the second visit my Dad came with me, I booked him a Deluxe double smoking I had a standard twin. On arrival I checked the rooms were correct to our booking, they gave my Dad a standard double which was cheaper than a deluxe, on questioning this they said deluxe are not smoking, ok fair enough but when I asked for a refund of the difference the woman behind the desk gave me a disgusted look and said she could possibly not do that, reasoning...because only the manager can authorise that but to no surprise the manager was not…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or760-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",depends what you're looking for,"I was put off by previews reviews but it turned out that I was pleased to stay here. Yes, the hotel is quite basic and it you're looking for romantic glitz and glamour ir probably isn't for you. But I  was looking for a clean basic place to stay whilst visiting family and it fitted the bill perfectly.  Clean room, if a little dated, but comfortable night's sleep, friendly efficient staff, comfortable bar so it met my needs perfectly",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or760-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't come here,"The photo's of this place looked lovely. The first room we were allocated had twin beds not a double. The bathroom was pretty grotty. my wife had other words for it. I told the receptionist I booked a double bed. she then told me to try a different room, again it had 2 single beds pushed together leaving a big gap at the headboard end. I refused this room too. The third room had a double bed but we could only have to have it for 1 night and then we would have to move, with no room to view for our 2nd night I refused it. The 4th room had a double bed but the bathroom stunk badly of smoke. Fearing we would have nowhere to sleep we took it in the hope we could mask the smell. Overpriced and nothing like the website. ",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or760-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but lovely area,"I've stayed here a few times. It is what it is, a budget hotel requiring a big update but in a lovely area.   You have to remember that an average room at a mid level budget hotel can be £140 a night and indeed the premier inns can be this price including the one up the hill here was that £125 that night, so at £85 it's cheap albeit relative. I always pay for superior which isn't great but reasonably ok, quieter, cleaner and a good size. Don't eat there, violette and chamomile round the corner do lovely breakfasts both on England's lane and there are nice evening restaurants on there too and on haver stock hill at all price levels. The bar and restaurant are a bit grim but give them a miss, the lovely Washington pub is 1 minutes walk away.   Yes it has scuffed paint and thin…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or760-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"We picked this hotel as it is just 5 minutes walk from the Roundhouse and we got very good rates for a London hotel. It is also 10 minutes on the Tube from Kings Cross/St Pancras so easy to get into the city centre. The hotel is situated in a quiet suburb although you might get some noise from the road outside. We had a rear room which was fairly quiet except when the kitchen ventilation started up in the morning. The room was large with twin beds, chairs, dressing table, mirror and plenty of wardrobe space. The en-suite had a bath with overhead shower which produced a good strong flow of hot water. The décor is dated but looked fresh. The furniture is a bit tired but comfortable. The curtains were thin and dirty (the worst part of the room). Take an eye mask if you need black…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or765-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Function Booking,I have been calling the Hotel for over 1 month now to book the function room. I have spoken to Lucia ( C & B Manager Worse than the staff I would say) she says she will call back but never does. When I went for a show around had to wait for 30 minute even though I did have an appointment with her. The Hotel is still stuck in its 80's doesn't seem to have any one working in maintenance. Rooms did seem clean but again it has the 80s feel to it. With the sort of service I got I would be ashamed to have any function at this hotel. With managers like Lucia not sure I would advise anyone to even bother making a call.   I call palms Hotel but 15 mins drive away from Hampstead and within 2 days I reserved the place and the Manager their knew what he was doing.,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or765-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Customer Care By Mr Kas,"I am surprised at some of the reviews on here, but this is my personal experience.  I use hotel rooms at least 4 times a week all around the country and abroad, I also hold the 2nd highest professional qualifications in the hotel industry (MHCIMA)  so I know the industry tricks and practice.  I arrived at this hotel very tired at about 6:30am only to find that there was an error on my part by booking the wrong date via Trivalgo.  Most hotels will give you the due duelligence conversation and either send you on your way or try and make you pay through the nose for a fresh booking. Mr Kas was very helpful, explained my options and consented to a change of date to trivalgo (most places wont unless you pay a high fee).  Between Mr Kas and the morning manager they managed to allocate…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or765-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worse Hotel Ever,"Just got back from staying at this Hotel, will not be going back in a hurry.  First room allocated to us (502), was not an Executive Suite as booked, no  heating as radiator was leaking, mould on windows, curtains did not fit, there was only 1 curtain at window (not a pair). bedside furniture  had wobbly legs, which moved.  Was given another room (514) which was slighty better, except for the large crack in bathroom basin and there was water seeping through the floor tiles. Hair dryer was non-existant.  Carvery was diabolical, not as advertised. (Was not a Carvery).",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or765-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable for the price,"Have stayed here on quite a few occasions for the price and location. For a 3star hotel doubt if you would find cheaper in London. Staff could do with some basic customer service training rather than the blank expressions when asked simple questions or enquires. Found its best to book with online sites rather than direct with the britannia reservations as they are more expensive and their 'best price guarantee' has t&cs that are questionable?? Agree with other reviewers that the place is dated and in need of a makeover, but then that would no doubt push the prices up. Would be nice to get some feed back on the reviews from the hotel management, but the present manager obviously doesn't, unlike the previous manager.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or765-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",londo stopover,"on arrival at hote was told my room was not yet ready.left my luggage in secure room for a few hours.on my return was told by the very helpful and polite reception staff that was staying in a suite.The bedroom was very big but a bit dated it looked tired.The breakfast was ok but could have been a little hotter.hotel is well sered by buses and chalk farm tube station is a short walk,about10mins..",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or770-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to standard,I've stayed in worse hotels but I can't quite remember when. The staff are pleasant and polite but don't seem committed to ensuring every visitor has a good stay. The whole hotel is tired and needs a thorough revamp. Room 417 had uncomfortable beds and the single glazed window meant you could herald the traffic and conversations in the street four stories below. The bath has white patches where they've tried to re- enamel it and looks a mess and the sink has a huge cracked poorly repaired. The quality of the towels is poor. There is an 'All You Can Eat' Buffet for breakfast. They have a plate of about 30 Fried Eggs which have all turned to rubber under the heat lamps. There was never enough glasses for the fruit juice and cups for coffee were scarce. Had breakfast twice and had…,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or770-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Forget having a cup of tea in the morning,A reasonable price to stay in Canden but for £100 per head for one night it was a little disappointing. The staff were very pleasant and helpful but the room and surroundings were tired and out dated. The flickering light fitting in our corridor created a 'horror movie' feel to the stay which was quite apt for the last weekend in October. Prior to leaving we experienced a breakfast that was plentiful but under heated and the tea in the urn was nothing but a pathetic tea bag in a full urn-  un drinkable . Not happy to have to drive a four hour trip without a decent cuppa on board. But I. Must say again great staff and if I had of complained they probably would have made me a cup of tea.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or770-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay for a quiet break,Currently staying at the Britannia Hotel Hampstead.  Want a nightmare.  It would be quieter sleeping at Victoria train station in rush hour.  A wedding party is currently going on with music blasting and the nice people at the hotel have decided to put us directly above the party room.  Asked to be moved as the music is not due to finish until midnight but been refused.  Window keeps banging and door also rattling.  A good night sleep? I think not!  Do not stay at this hotel if you are coming for a weekend break.,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or770-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than we thought it would be,After reading reviews we were very worried about the reviews but the 5th floor room (512) was better than we feared. the staff  was very helpful. The room had minor problems but acceptable. price was very good for London close to shopping and restaurants. One reviewer was upset that the hotel was uphill from Chaulk Farm tube station but if you go to the next tube station(Belsize the hotel is the same distance but all downhill.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or770-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother,"Paid for a double then found out when we came back from hours around London it was a twin pushed together! Even after asking at reception if the room was a double. Staff all unfriendly and did not really care about our stay, no hellos or thank you's or how was your night at breakfast. Breakfast hot food was cool and as a former 4 star hotel maintenance manager i found the room horrendous, sink blocked, sealant coming away from sink all the chrome ware was worn out the toilet roll holder was falling of the wall so was a shelf. The pictures on the wall were held on be screws though the frame sides, curtain hanging of the runner, wallpaper hanging of the wall, electrical conduit with parts of the cover missing, draw missing from the wardrobe, main door rattled around all night due…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or775-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous!!,"Starts in another Britannia Hotel but we are transferred to this one. Terrible service received.  A friend and I went to Wireless Festival in the summer, shes in a wheelchair and The International Britannia Hotel in canary wharf seemed the easiest place to stay for accessibility. We booked a disabled room 3 months in advance of the festival. The day before the festival we confirmed with the hotel that it would be OK for us to arrive past midnight for the night of our stay. Around midnight when we were on our way to the hotel we received a phone call saying that we didn't have a room. When we arrived we discovered that this was due to a ""system error"". We asked to be transferred to another hotel within Canary Wharf even if that was not with Britannia hotels but they told us no…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or775-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Spacious rooms, good location. Problems with availabitily of continental breakfast. Didn't want to sell us continental breakfast. We booked rooms on the south side well in advance and ended up on the side we didn't want. No explanation given, no chance to change rooms.                     ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or775-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel,"My mum and I stayed here for a week. The prices were good. The bar meals were cheap, delicious and filling. I had to have a parcel delivered to the hotel and they (reception) rang me when it came in and held it for me to pick up. When we checked in we didn't get a key but the staff bent over backwards to help. We finally got the key and the staff were still fabulous. The dinner was buffet and a very good price. With wonderful London Taxis going passed, buses, the tube just down the street it is brilliant Would definitely stay here again! Shops etc within walking distance. Would definitely recommend it to anyone. Would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or775-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Big disappointment,On getting there n paying for early check in we were given a key to a room that someone else was already in. When we got a second room we found out late at night the air conditioner for the kitchen which was directly under the window was on all night the noise was hellish!  Here was a dead spider in th bathroom n chewing gum fell off the bottom of the table. I always use the country house hotel in Manchester and really like it but this hotel has nothing and was a waste of money. Save yourself the money n book somewhere else!,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or775-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Time warp,"Being one of those nasty, evil, vile smokers and returning to London after a 30 year hiatus I figured my choice for a smoking room would be limited so I booked a room at the Britannia Hampstead prematurely. (I found many more later.) The room was adequate--it felt like the dorm room I had lived in 30 years ago--though there was a plumbing access panel beneath the sink that I had to pry the tiny plastic trash bin into to keep closed. There was a sign above the tub that warned that the smoke alarm would be set off due to the steam from the shower if the bathroom door wasn't kept closed. (You can smoke in the room but steam will set off the firm alarms?)  The lobby is very dated and in poor repair which is too bad; it could be a nice little boutique hotel if the management cared.…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or780-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"Stayed here on an overnight business trip!....hotel was clean, room was clean, staff polite, rooms comfortable and evening meal was great value at £9 for a hot buffet all you can eat. Breakfast was outstanding value, £8 and the choice was terrific!! Lovely!!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or780-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",average,"Stayed 2 nights in twin room. Hotel rather in need of some tlc. But room ok, bed linen clean and comfortable. Shower hot and powerful.Breakfast not the best but adequate. Staff very welcoming and helpful. From hotel lovely walk through park and onto Regents Park for canal walk to Camden Lock/ Little Venice. Would go back again if on a travel deal but not at full rate.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or780-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",ok for our purposes,"stopped one night (saturday 21st sept) room only booked that morning as taking son to university  and his student  accomodation in Camden and this nearest hotel. Booked a double,room only for £99  but got  two singles pushed together! however linen clean and beds comfortable. Shower pathetic in terms of power but did the job. Room clean but tired. didnt eat but had a look, glad we didnt. Bar a surprise A REALLY GOOD PINT SAN MIGUEL IN BRANDED GLASS £3-50!  cheaper than Yorkshire:). Location excellent 5 mins chalk farm tube, 10 ish minutes to Camden. Even though had my card details via booking.com had to pay on check in and wouldnt  let me put drinks on my room tab. THOUGHTS Lots of potential if refurbished Camden a thriving area Staff polite car parking if room £10 a day so…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or780-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ageing hotel in nice area of London,"This hotel is somewhat 'decaying grandeur'. It is ageing and desparately needs a face-lift. The furnishings are old and showing their age. The decor is subdued and, in some areas, dull and dark. There is an air of a hotel which is well past it's best. The room was large, the beds comfortable and the linen clean. The en-suite whilst ageing was clean with nice fresh towels, toiletries and oodles of hot water. The location is in a quieter part of the city, easily accessible with a short walk from the underground at Chalk Farm. We did not use the restaurant facilities but the morning breakfast buffet looked very appetising with a good choice of hot food. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Although this hotel is definitely not modern, new or at its peak, it is quite pleasant…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or780-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not the best!!!!,"we paid in advance and stayed here for 3 nights in september. On arrival we were greeted by the manager, who directed us to our room on the 3rd floor. my wife went on to unlock as i took our luggage up using the elevator (which took forever to make it to the the ground floor). As soon as we entered the room the alarm bells started to ring as we could see that the room was infact a twin room the hotel staff had made to look like a double, which was made pretty obvious by the fact the fixed head boards weres miles away from where the beds were stuated, both the seperate beds had been moved together (so whoever was resposible for this obviously new what they were doing) leaving the fixed head boards on the wall showing. i went down to let the manager know that they had given us a…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or785-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What A Dump,"I checked into the Hotel on Tuesday the 17th of Sept. I was charged £ 371 pounds for 2 nights. I was given a room in the basement. No windows, no natural light, vents above the door boarded up. Sub standard  furniture. No air conditioning , they left a fan in the room to cool it down. It was also very small.  I told the reception that I wanted an alternative room , she told no other rooms available to the next day!! As I was leaving in the morning for my meetings, I spoke to the manager and told him the room was no good. He said you booked a standard room that what you get! They agreed to move me to room 314 as I was leaving the hotel. I returned that evening and asked for my room key room 314 , guess what they could not find the key. So after 30 minutes or so they told me I…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or785-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Place,"Booked 2 nights paid in advance, upon arrival they told me I  had  cancelled the  reservation (Oh if only I had)  they then allocated  a room which was a huge disappointment it was very shabby, water tepid, breakfast barley warm and  inedible. Woken each morning between 5.30am and 5.45am by the sound of which could have been the kitchen appliances being started.At first we thought it was the municipal garbage vehicle with the engine running. The noise went on until around 9.00am. Superbreak should delete this hotel from their website or at least warn the public.  I gave it 1 star because they is no rating for zero stars,",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or785-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia group why not update this hotel?,Nothin really to add from the previous reviews below.  We only wanted a room for the night and the hotel met our needs.  I would not eat there nothing appealed with the appearance of the restaraunt.    Location is excellent only a short walk from chalk farm tube station.  Britannia group do you read your reviews? Spend money on this hotel it could be a gem.  ,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or785-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Did what it said on the tin,"Good clean hotel, in a quiet area.  Dated furniture in large rooms, with lovely hot shower. Didn't spend any time in the hotel, nor did we eat but for the price it was clean, comfortable and met our needs.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or785-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great location but needs some work, and staff training","I read reviews before traveling and I was ready for the experience. The hotel is near station, but for me it was the small things that added up. The shower handle kept falling off, there was only small light in the bathroom, which meant the shower was almost in darkness. I asked about a vegetarian breakfast and you would have thought I had asked for a 5 course meal. I had to pay for the continental breakfast the night before, which was GBP5.50, but this didn't seem to be recorded anywhere, despite the painful procedure the night before of handing over cash, as it couldn't be added to the room charge, or pre-authorised on the credit card. I was therefore almost called a liar, as I hadn't been given any receipt for the cash paid for breakfast.   In the morning, I saw that I could…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or790-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Second time visitor.....Never again!,"This was my second stay at the Britannia, the first in June 2012, I stayed between 2 rooms on this trip and both rooms were in reasonable condition. Due to location I decided to book again with Superbreak but was disgusted at the room provided, it was a basement room and I would imagine there are prison cell's in better condition. There was no space to move, the room had no window and the smell of damp was awful, there was a dead fly squashed into the bathroom wall, hairs all over the bathroom, the shower curtain and bath mat were mouldy and there were various unidentifiable stains that I don't even want to think about! The staff were all of variable standard, whilst waiting in the bar for a taxi I was lucky enough to hear how bad they have it working there as one girl moaned on…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or790-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but Adequate,"Transferred here after cock up by a nearby Hotel.  Reviews below accurate, think 70s seaside Hotel left untouched and you're not far off.  Staff friendly & Helpful.  Large Twin Room with lumpy beds, clean white bedding, faded water stained curtains, heavy furniture, clunky plumbing, stained upholstery - you get the picture but if you want more than this in a large hotel then it would cost considerably more so ....... All in all ok.  Nearest Tube: Chalk Farm.  On Bus route C11.  Oh and in Hampstead by the skin of its teeth!",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or790-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired...chaotic...poor food,We booked here for one night on our way home from France.  It's in a decent location and only 5 minutes walk from Chalk Farm tube.  It's a bit tired looking with shabby furniture and carpets but we found the staff helpful and friendly.  The first room we were offered did not have a functioning toilet so we were moved only to be told to move back as it was miraculously fixed!  It wasn't fixed so we stayed in another room which was clean and functional.  We ate at the hotel and it was cheap but very poor and the buffet was neither hot nor plentiful.  It felt a bit of a shambles and we would not stay again. Ok for one night but needs a major upgrade.  The other hotel we stayed at the start of our holiday was the same price and included breakfast and was much better.,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or790-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Inexpensive basic hotel. Good value.,"We stayed at The Britannia Hotel in July. It is basic but clean and the staff are friendly. Breakfast was adequate. The hotel was in a very good location,near to underground station and on a bus route. It is easy to reach central London and a short bus ride or 20 min walk to Hampstead. On the whole it is good value for an inexpensive stay close to central London.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or790-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worse experience ever,"Upon arrival at the hotel i could see from the shabbiness from the outside that this was going to be a bad experience, but i was hoping I was wrong. (How wrong was I) As I peeled myself of the carpet in reception I approached the desk with my 2 sons and my disabled daughter who was in a wheelchair. I waited for 4/5 mins for the receptionist to even acknowledge that I was standing there . She said check in was 3 o'clock and as it was 2.30 we could not check in , she saw my disabled daughter and said because of her you can check in now ,I just felt she was patronising and very rude, and insensitive. When we got to our room after much confusion what a state, the bathroom had a oder the wardrobes had no handles on them,chairs were stained , the carpets were filthy and stained , the…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or795-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",the worst hotel experience in years,"There was a dried-up stain on the door to the room.  We hope is was sputum. The lock on the door was worn out.  Somewhat later I had to call assistance (very friendly) as my key was stuck in the lock and I could not get it out anymore.  After a lot of shaking and pushing on the key it came out and the door could be unlocked during the second attempt.  The room was on the backside of the hotel.  The windows had not been cleaned for years and the sun shone on the window thus visibility was zero.  In the morning the room was very hot and I do not think that there was an airco or forced ventilation.  Anyway at that point we had already decided to leave so I did not check for that.   Toilet seat was loose.  The toilet did not flush effectively, requiring filling of a waste-paper…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or795-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Seen better days,"We booked this hotel through Last Minute .com and were very pleased with it's central location.Sadly it is badly in need of a major refurb,and staff who speak and understand English.Our room was clean and comfortable,but would benefit from AC.It really hot when we were there,and we had to leave a fan on all night.The buffet breakfast was just about acceptable,and there was plenty of it.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or795-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel in great location,"For the price, which is v cheap for a central london hotel, it served us well. We had comfortable beds and a clean room with a good tv, however the bathrooms do need replacing, but still functioned ok. There is no AC, so it was stuffy. Buffet breakfast was fine as these go, we stuck to pastries and tea. Grim coffee. Almost all staff were helpful and polite to us during our stay. (Which cannot be said of some of the guests towards hotel staff.)  The hotel is only 5 mins from Primrose Hill and a walk thro Regents Park.  5 mins from chalk farm tube. I think people need to get real for what they expect in central london. We then went on to the Holiday Inn which was £50 more per night, room only. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or795-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",one to avoid,"hotel is tired and strongly in need of complete overhaul to bring it up to the 21st century! considering its position it certainly justifies a much higher standard.  The reception staff were unhelpful, the car park woefully inadequate and unmanaged, the dining room unpleasant and the breakfast amateurish.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or795-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not what you expect for the price.,"Had a comfortable stay at this hotel. Fantastic location, 10 minutes walk from Camden. for the price we paid, we expected a more than we got. The hotel is a little run down and needs refreshing. The staff are polite and friendly",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or800-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Tatty, Filthy, very rude incompetent staff!","Stains on the floor, stains on the wall. Wallpaper missing, old tatty furniture, Tv with very bad picture. But worst of all very rude receptionist, unfriendly staff. I would rather stay on the street than stay in this hotel again, the do not deserve your custom or your hard earned cash. They do not deserve one star!",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or800-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great location but hotel is old, tired and very, very shabby","Stayed in this hotel in July, wished we had checked the reviews before booking.  The hotel isn't cheap so we thought we were booking a nice hotel and a reputable hotel chain.  On arrival we were told our double room was in the basement, no windows or air con in the rooms.  We had to change to a single room on another floor.  The carpets in the hallway were torn with gaffer tape covering the rips.  Rooms were old and tired, curtains old & faded with black mould spores & damp patches all over.  Carpets were threadbare & torn, furniture was mis matched, old, scratched, ring stains all over chipped.  Bathroom had tiles which had fallen off the walls, black mould around the shower & shower head.  Wc & whb were clean enough. Food choice for the breakfast looked good, but the quality…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or800-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Theft & dirty rooms,"I'd advise everyone to stay away from this hotel! Since we were on a school trip, there was a budget to consider, but this was beneath everything.   As has been stated here before, the rooms were indeed extremely dirty and mouldy. But something a lot worse happened to us during our stay.   Several students had their money stolen from their room when they were downstairs for breakfast. Some cleaners were seen just outside those hotel rooms, quickly putting away some money. Obviously, we called the police, but when we wanted to speak to the manager to discuss the liability issue, it was apparently impossible to contact him.    We didn't get any compensation, which shows that they couldn't care less if we came back or not. It goes without saying that we never will!",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or800-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Serves its purpose,"I stayed at this hotel as the prices at my usual hotel in London (premiere Inn, Euston) had put up their room only prices beyond that which my work were prepared to pay for.  Got a dinner, bed & breakfast deal for £127.50 which for London i felt was reasonable.  Yes, hotel could do with a lick of paint but my room was clean and cosy (albeit having read the reviews here after i booked  i did request a room on an upper floor which i got).  Evening meal was a bit hit and a miss for a buffet style dinner - Mousaka was gorgeous, chocolate cake possibly one of the best ive tasted but didnt go for the fish as it was stone cold despite being on a hot  plate.  In all fairness to the staff, the man ahead of me brought their attention to the fish, and it was taken away and replaced with a…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or800-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",forget this one please,my wife bought me a superbreak via thomas cook which was for my birthday which i was excited to recieve but this hotel was  part of it so i thought we will see what it would be like. well i paid for breakfast for our secon day there and was looking forward to getting  a real good breakfast for £8.50 when we went in to the resteurant i was met by a young waiter and saw the buffet bar but it was almost empty and the i realised he was on his own but eventually got my breakfast and wanted a coffee but there were no free tables setup and as  looked  around  i saw there many tables that were not cleared away the my wife went a got a drink of orange from the table and in shock found live ants upon the table but much more worse was the dead one in a jug of grapefruit juice she…,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or805-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"shabby hotel in much need of a full refurbishment, room smelt really bad hit you as soon as door was opened nice breakfast but evening meal repetative and not very nice friendly staff but would never ever go there again.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or805-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"The only good thing I can say about this hotel is the location, stayed here for 2 nights and its safe to say I won't be back again. Rooms are small and horrible, the hotel is old and tired.  It's a shame the hotel has huge potential being located where it is, don't expect to get into your room before 14:30. ",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or805-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Beware Dungeon,"On arrival to this tacky building, we expected basic facilities. In no way were we prepared for what we got. We were shown downstairs from street level to a narrow, prison-like corridor stuck in a 70s time warp.  On opening the door to our room we were greeted by a warm, stale, damp blast. There was no window to be seen, and even worse, no ventilation.  It was very difficult to breathe. The mattress had a giant hole in it, making it very difficult to sleep. To make things even worse, every time someone opened the door of the corridor, the room door banged and rattled.  Result was no sleep at all.  Just a complete nightmare!  Do NOT accept a basement room under any circumstances!  Are such conditions even legal?   After complaining, the staff organised another room without asking…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or805-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",clean but tired,"It is an average hotel, the decor is a bit grubby but clean. Very much in need of a lick of paint with old furniture. However, the staff were very helpful and efficient, the room was clean, the beds were comfortable.If you want a good breakfast  and  you spend most of the day out and about  only needing a basic clean room then this hotel is for you. It's near Camden market and Camden town which has an excellent atmosphere and   lots of shops and eateries. Take a short walk to Primrose hill and take in the view from the top.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or805-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Slightly Haunting Experience,"Firstly, this hotel is in need of some love, there are some definite decor issues that need fixing and it looks like it needs some money spent on it. That being said the rooms were clean and the bathroom was spacious. A step up from the previous place we had stayed. The hotel itself has a 'Twilight Zone' feel too it, it's quite spooky. I had to take a picture down off of the wall in our room of a haunted looking girl just so I could get to sleep. The room we stayed in was on the lower floor, very narrow hallways made it feel quite claustrophobic. The room had no windows therefore no natural light, so once you're in there it's hard to know what time of day or night it is. It was very stuffy even with a fan with little air flow. At one point we watched half a season of Game of…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or810-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",awful do not stay here,uncomfortable 1star more like a bedsit probably worse. dont book well overpriced.  so awful. needs to be refurbished bed linen not ironed bathroom taps dont work seen better furniture in oxfam. disgusting ,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or810-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievably awful,"What a dump! Looked reasonable from the outside but looks were definitely deceiving! As a 1 night stay on the way to a trip to Disneyland Paris with my daughter I was hoping at the very least for a clean comfortable stay, what  a joke. Having been showed into the basement to a windowless room without the required number of beds, I was then expected to cart all bags upstairs to be given another room, only to be told 2mins later as I carted my bags upstairs that that was not going to be suitable either. After 15mins and absolutely no apology we were given a key to another basement room with the tiniest most unsecure window that backed on to the main road. We did not sleep a wink as it was so noisy as the room was situated under the bar area and with no lock on it I felt very…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or810-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"Reading through the recent negative reviews i was regretting that i had already booked to stay here but im not a picky person and i will stay somewhere that has a bed and bathroom and this is exactly what i got.   At first i thought my room was in the basement which would have no windows but luckily it was at the end bottom of the building so there was a window, the room as a reasonable size there was just me and my boyfriend staying, the bathroom was clean, shower easy to use and i had no general problem with anything. The tv worked fine and the room was provided with a fan, to cool down during this summer humid weather. I stayed for 2 nights and it was good enough for me!  But im taking off 2 stars due to the noisy traffic in the morning, it was really really loud even with…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or810-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty towers,"My best friend and I stayed at this hotel for a week. It was a package deal and because of reviews I was nervous about the hotel. We waited an hour and. A half once we got to the hotel as our room wasn't ready yet. Most of the furniture in our room was old and broken and the curtains were hanging of the rail. The room was way too warm so we got a fan from staff which did help. At breakfast our cutlery was unclean, but the range of food was decent. One night we found condoms under the carpet. They were still in packets but that's not the point. The staff at this hotel need a shake and should be more customer friendly. I wouldn't recommend this hotel unfortunately. ",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or810-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location,","Despite seeing some really bad reviews for this hotel we found our stay pleasant enough, we stayed overnight as we wer going to a gig at the Roundhouse nearby and we found the Hotel fine for a one night stay, Our room was a decent size but we had no complaints with noise. We did not venture to the bar or restaurant so cannot comment on this side of things but if you want a hotel close to Camden then this is ideal",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or815-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",nothing to complain about,"Like others, I'd read the very mixed reviews of this hotel. It's in a good area of London, and about a 10 min walk from the Tube. Some people seem to think that's a long walk but perhaps they don't walk much in their daily lives. Perhaps we were lucky, but our third floor room was spacious and we had a panoramic view of London, which is more than you get in most budget London hotels, The staff were pleasant and friendly, and the breakfast was reasonable. The room was pretty hot as we were there at the start of the hot weather. If you've any gripes it's best to speak to the hotel staff first, not wait to complain about it here.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or815-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A reasonable hotel and a reasonable price,A brick built iceberg of a hotel that somehow washed up on the shore of Primrose Hill many years ago; still serviceable but nothing special. So if you are looking for somewhere to stay in this part of London and you don't want to spend too much give it a thought.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or815-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A decent budget hotel,Stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel needs a makeover but other than that it was not as bad as some people have reviewed here before.  The rooms and bathrooms are small but clean. The staff were very nice and helpful with directions. My room had a balcony and it was nice to step out into fresh air because there was no air conditioning. The curtains were too short and didn't provide enough shading early in the morning - sunlight flooded the room every morning at 6 and I couldn't sleep.  Breakfast is traditional English and generous.  10-12 minutes walk to nearby subway station and then 4-5 stops to London center.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or815-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay again,"First of all, be prepared for a good 10 minute walk from the nearest Tube - Chalk Farm. Everything about this hotel is average. The one plus point is a bar which stays open all night, if you're that way inclined! We stayed during the recent heatwave and, not only does the hotel have no air-conditioning, they had no fans available either. I can't comment on the food as we didn't eat there. I've stayed in much better and cheaper hotels in London.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or815-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I should have read Tripadvisor before booking!!,"Having previously lived in the area for some years, I was aware that the hotel needed refurbishment.  However, returning to the area for a weekend, its location was convenient.  We had booked three weeks or so in advance and left our phone and email contacts.  On arriving at 6.30 in the evening, we were told (not asked) to wait in the lounge as the manager wanted to see us. After a few minutes the manager attended and explained that due to floods some rooms were out of order (I later found out this was no more than 5) and they were moving us to their sister hotel in Canary Wharf.  We told them this was unacceptable as we had commitments in the Hampstead area, which was the reason we selected the hotel so they had  to find us a room in the area or wee would be bedding down in…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or820-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for the convenience,"I stayed for one night only so I could attend a function which was in the immediate area. I had booked a double room online using a comparison website and thought that it would be better to be local as I was on my own rather than stay somewhere cheaper but further away: I didn't want to be travelling too far late at night. I checked in early (1.00pm) and was given the key to my room 007 which was a windowless box in the basement; the décor and facilities were OK, it was clean but I immediately felt claustrophobic as there was no air-conditioning, it was stiflingly hot and there was, of course, no window! I went back to reception and asked to change rooms and this was arranged without a problem but the new room 402 was tiny, there was a peculiar shower room (a cubicle with…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or820-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment,My wife and I stayed at the Hampstead Britannia from Thursday 4th July to Monday 8th July. The executive room we had was large as was the bathroom. The bed however was queen size with an inferior mattress and two cushions each which had no filling worth talking about. The bathroom had no ventilation and gave off a strong mouldy smell. There was no air conditioning and no fan available so we sweltered through this extraordinary warm period. I chose this hotel as it was close to my son's apartment. Regrettably I did not refer to Tripadvisor. The accommodation was certainly not value for money although the breakfast was.,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or820-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Warning,"Britannia Hotels offer value for money, and have stayed at both their London and one of the Gatwick Hotels.  On this occasion I booked online and paid with my debit card.  On completion of the online booking, instead of receiving a confirmation page, I was directed to another Britannia screen.  I immediately telephoned central reservations number and spoke to a lady who immediately found my booking and confirmed that the booking had been successful and gave me a confirmation booking reference number. I also received an email confirming the booking.  On arrival at the Britannia Hampstead two days later we were told that our booking had been cancelled, although they couldn't satisfactorily explain how that could have happened. Our room had been given to another guest and all they…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or820-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced but clean,"Ok room and location but expensive for such low standard. The last day we had the breakfast on the hotel to save some time before we where of to the airport, don´t have it if you have the time to eat out.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or820-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value Hotel,"Just returned from a three night stay at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel. The room was clean, , the breakfast was good, the staff friendly and helpful. I was dreading staying here after reading a lot of negative reports but we were pleasantly surprised. Yes it is a bit ""lived in"" and some area's could do with a make over but it also has an old fashioned charm which you don't get in modern chrome and glass high rise city centre hotels. It's a ten minute walk to the tube station at Chalk Farm and a short journey to the city centre. If you want to you can walk via Primrose Hill and Regent Park which is beautiful and if you're not in a hurry it's worth taking the time. I have stayed in better hotels but have also stayed in worse. The best thing I can say about this hotel is I would…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or825-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","This is a value for money hotel, the room we had was spacious with a clean en-suite bathroom the hotel has a large dining room and offers a buffet style breakfast (Other meals are available). This is not a city centre hotel but with a bus stop outside the hotel and a tube station 10 minutes walk getting to the city centre is not too difficult. The reason we stay at this hotel is its location, 5 minutes walk to Primrose Hill, 15 minutes walk to Regents Park and London Zoo and 10 minutes walk to the bustling,vibrant centre of Camden and Camden Lock with its massive indoor markets with pubs and restaurants along the canal sides.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or825-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay!,"I had a great stay here last week, I stayed for 5 nights. My room was on the 2nd floor, and it was very spacious and clean. Staff were nice, great location. Great cooked breakfast in the morning, I would give the buffet dinner a miss though... As a solo female traveller, I felt safe",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or825-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Please Do Not Stay Here!,"I don't even know where to begin. Lets start with, I'm not certain how this ""hotel"" is even allowed to operate. When I walked through the door I was greeted with attitude. When I asked to speak to the manager, it turns out he is even worse. They demanded I pay 300GBP because the room ""wasn't prepaid,"" however, I know for a fact it was prepaid. Looking at other reviews it seems they try this scam frequently. I had to wait in the ""lobby"" for 3 hours while they prepared my room. While sitting in the lobby I started to notice just how filthy EVERYTHING in the hotel was. Massive crumbs all over the floor of the restaurant, dirty dishes, dirty tables, stains on everything. Now here's the kicker.... look under the couches and tables.... there are RODENT TRAPS! That was the last…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or825-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Choose rooms carefully. Rest of hotel is ok,"Stayed one night in June. Basement rooms are below par, but rest of hotel seems ok (Basement rooms have no windows and appear small and claustrophobic as a result). Typical London hotel - somewhat pricey, but fairly quaint and stately. Good quality cooked breakfast and free WIFI.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or825-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good budget hotel in great area,"This hotel is a little dated and could do with a refurb, but it is clean, spacious by london standards, staff are helpful and breakfast was quite good.  The area itself is great and there are a good range of eating places within a few mins walk.  parking is payable at £10 overnight. we will definately return, as we have stayed at more expensive hotels and not had as comfortable stay as here.  overall a good choice for a budget hotel, if you want luxury stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or830-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poorly run & maintained hotel in good location,The hotel is in a good location. However the hotel is both poorly managed & in a very poor condition with damp on bathroom ceilings. They have much work to do to bring it up to an acceptable standard. I specifically requested a twin room but was given a double room. After much waiting around they agreed to make up the sofa to a second bed. There was only one towel in the room so I had to request more. Poor basic standards of service.,Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or830-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","V good, v well priced","Great staff and rooms are fine for the money, very good bar that stayed open late. Northerners going south must stay here you won't find better for the money.. We experienced a very high standard of service and will return for sure if ever visit the capital again",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or830-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Pay Twice!,"On arrival I was told I'd need to pay for the room. I was pretty certain I'd paid in advance but didn't have any paperwork with me - but I was reassured that money would be quickly refunded if I had indeed pre-paid - which it transpired I had. It took over two months, endless emails and a lot of hassle to get my dosh back - and a request for some element of compensation went unanswered. The hotel itself was adequate for the price but is decidedly tatty and in need of some TLC.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or830-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",My 21st birthday was a complete mess because of this hotel! Liars and money grabbers!,"Me and my best friend had come on a long train journey to Camden because we was having a weekend away in London for my 21st birthday.  I've never had such bad service at a hotel before!!!  We had really heavy bags, and got to the reception, told them my surname they said ' your room will be ready in 5 minutes' so we sat waiting for about half an hour after that I got up to go to reception said I thought you said it would be 5 minutes so we carried on waiting.   Then finally the third time I get up to say where's our room after an hour of sitting in the run down seating area, the man at reception started clicking through pieces of paper and making us that we had booked this hotel for 2012 which was a lie because I had just seen my surname on the arrivals for that day!! I knew…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or830-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Its a budget hotel with friendly staff and a good location,"make no bones about it - this is a budget hotel - although some may argue the price is not budget,it is compared to other hotels in London. As long as you are aware of this when you book, then your experience should not be too traumatic! We found the staff very nice but very hassled on arrival as there seemed to be a number of problems with showers not working and lost bookings.  A big issue and one that the hotel should amend on the websites it uses is that you cannot pick a non-smoking room - you can request it but it is not guaranteed - this happened to us and as hotel was full there was nowhere to move us - room was ok as smell was not too bad but it would be worth ringing up to confirm a non smoking room if it was a key nono for you.  Bedroom was clean but there were ants…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or835-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",great as ever,Stayed here last weekend the service was great and cannot fault the hotel for its value The only disappointment was that the restaurant was closed but I guess as was sunday night but otherwise spot on as always,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or835-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A disgrace to call itself a hotel,"You can see as soon as you walk through the door that the place is extremely run down. Staff look disinterested. The room was shabby, furniture was dated with paint peeling off. Carpet worn. Bed had no mattress protector. Valance ill-fitting and crumpled through not been laundered properly. Bath stained. And they had the cheek to charge up £170.00 per night. Didn't bother staying, got refund and returned home. What should have been a nice end to a birthday treat was completely ruined. I will never even consider a Britiannia hotel again!!",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or835-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Old fashioned hospitality within easy reach of central London,"We stayed here for 2 nights in May 2013. We booked through Agoda but on arrival the hotel did not know about our booking. We waited for a while before they found us a room. Unfortunately we ended up unknowingly in a ""Smoker's"" room.  By late evening there was a very strong smell of cigarette smoke seaping through the inter-connecting door, so we had to seal it with toilet paper!. We complained to Reception who were polite but could not move us that night.  The Rooms are spacious, bedding clean and comfortable.  Ample hanging space and drawers. Decor of whole hotel dated and worn, but hotel staff very polite and helpful in an old fashioned way, that we felt they actually cared for us as visitors.  Both days we had Cont. breakfast for £5.50/pp in the hotel Dining Room. Room was…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or835-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not too bad..pleasant surprise,"having read the reviews with trepadation I waspleasantly surprised, staff helpful, room okay although two singles pushed together leaving the headboard behind, room wasreally hot but i reported it and seconds later a man and a pliers fixed it! breakfast was interesting...chips and pizza, blackpudding bacon andscrambled eggs...would have liked fried eggs or poached but hey ho, it was okay...watched a chinese man put porridge on his fry up...must have thought they were grits!  great location , handy local bar the washington which was great and camden a 15 minute stroll....will be back great value with tesco coupons, rooms tired but ok for a sleep!",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or835-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience,"- Highly dissatisfied with the stay in Britannia Hamstead. - Smallest room with a separate entry to toilet and bath , where there a little space to stand ..no space to put your soap and towels :) ..just amazing. - a cupboard whose door is blocked by the LCD , kept on a spacious table :) - untidy chairs in the room - the mattress springs sounds ....grrr.....grr.....When you sit on the bed , your butts will touch the base of the bed...so..be careful to get hurt. -Nevertheless , unfriendly staff...  checking out and searching for anything else..coz i knw anything in london will be better than this..",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or840-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but very dated hotel.,"This hotel is perfect a location for visiting Camden and within good walking distances for Primrose Hill and Regents Park. Unfortunately the decor of the hotel is so outdated and desperate for a re-vamp it lets it down. We had musty smells, peeling wallpaper, soiled / stained easy chairs, a cold bath tap that didn't work and the double room booked was actually 2 single beds pushed together with the wooden headboards screwed to the wall so there was actually no headboard for one half of the bed - oh and a double duvet for what was now a queen size bed! Not ideal and certainly not big / wide enough! Creeking floorboards from the room above didn't help in getting to sleep either. We were in a room on the 4th floor and could hear a lot of outside noise too.  The bedding was clean…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or840-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","service and location good, rooms okay","stayed here on a package deal. The room was okay, although could have been better. clean sheets and towels. being dated was okay but the overall cleanliness was questionable. coffee stains on the wall paper,  dust in the corners and bathroom floor needed a good bleach.  we had difficulties turning our shower on and was eventually met by a member of staff clearly unhappy she had to assist a customer. Although, all the other reception staff were commendablea and polite.  value for money but a return visit would be guaranteed by some basic cleaning. ",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or840-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and good value,Stayed here on a package deal. Tube a 5-10 min walk away. Room was basic but clean and tidy if a little dated and the buffet breakfast standard fayre. Staff were very friendly and polite. If all you need is a clean bed and satisfactory breakfast for long days of sight seeing then you cant go wrong staying here. Sorry but you wont be paying Dorchester/Plaza/Hilton etc prices so dont expect luxury. If luxury is what yiu want book the plaza. I would definately stay here again,None,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or840-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel, but in a fantastic area","This is a terrible hotel. First I was given a dank basement room with no windows. I complained and was given a first floor room with a window. It was unclean, paper peeling off the walls, one of those nasty cheap air freshener smells, the shower was in a cupboard, the furniture was old and looked like it had come from second hand stores, and all for a fairly pricey $375 for two nights. The only thing going for it is its location, in a beautiful part of London, with a village feel, some nice pubs nearby and a view of London from the top of Primrose Hill that is surely one of the best views in all of London.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or840-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for one night,"I needed to be on London for one night, mid week and was struggling to get a room for under £200. Found this hotel on a secret hotel site. It was perfectly positioned near the tube. The entrance wasn't that inviting and check in was basic. I wasn't asked if I wanted breakfast or what time it was served till. I was in room 301 which was right next to the lift, which was noisy when people were chatting waiting. The room was basic, but clean. There were tea and coffee facilities. I did find the room quite cool. For the money and for one night, it was fine.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or845-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Good prices. Hotel Fine.,"This isn't the best hotel in London but it is one of the best cheap hotels in London. The location is right in the centre of the city and a nice length walk from Camden Town. The breakfast is fine, perfectly adequate for the price you pay. It's not the kind of room you'd want to sit in all day but it's comfortable and clean and a great place to explore London from. The staff are friendly, more so than in most London hotels, and very efficient.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or845-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I will never come back again,"There is one thing that I know for sure: I will never back again to this hotel. I honestly do not know where to start. The only good thing is that this hotel is located near Central London (from Swiss Cottage station or other buses) and Camden Town.  In this ""english"" hotel there is no english staff at all - it wouldn't be a bad thing if someone could speak proper english. Manager included (!). When I checked in I've been lucky to find the front of house manager who has been really kind to me, as well as the italian (or spanish?) girl with pin-up glasses. They don't take any credit card or ID when you check in (weird and unprofessional) and if you want to add something from the bar to the bill, you have to do a super difficult (and stupid) thing with the credit card. But when…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or845-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with a character,Gave a response for all our needs. Nice and quiet location. Five minutes walk from a tube station. The room we were in (501) was quiet and clean. very nice. Great value for money. Staff was very nice and helpful. One thing that was bad was the curtains which didn't stop the light from coming in in the mornings. Oh... And  very high prices for speaking on the phone in the room.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or845-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,Me and my husband stayed at this hotel as part of a superbreak deal for the fa cup semi final. We paid 70 for hotel and train which was great value. From reading the previous reviews i was not looking forward to staying here. We arrived early so we could leave our bags and went back at 2pm to check in. The receptionist was very helpful and check in was quick. We stayed on room 515 which was fine clean bedding and bathroom was clean. The room was warm and there was tea and coffee facilities. The only thing that was wrong was there was a bit of damp on the wallpaper near the window apart from that it was fine. We didn't have breakfast but when we spoke to other guests they said it was fine. Would stay again as it is in a good location for wembley.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or845-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Although we had a basement room it was spacious, clean & quite. This place has limited parking at a nominal charge which is most unusual in London. The staff were friendly & helpful. We didn't eat there this time but menu looked good value. Hotel is in easy walking distance of Camden, Hampstead & tube stations.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or850-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It does the job,"We have just returned from a super break 3 night stay at this hotel on a bed and breakfast basis. We had a double room and an adjoining twin room on the 4th floor booked through Thomas Cook and prior to checking out other reviews, suffice to say the dread I felt when I read the reviews. I was not looking forward to our stay. However, I contacted the hotel and requested quiet non smoking upper floor rooms ( to ensure that we avoided the basement rooms) and upon arrival they obliged. I have stayed in many lovely 5 star hotels and my standards are high. Yes, the hotel is a bit ""tired"" but the room, bedding and towels were spotless. The staff were very pleasant and the buffet breakfast was fresh and plentiful with lots of choice and the quality was excellent. The hotel was very busy…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or850-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great location very average rooms,"Location is great, 5 mins walk from chalk farm tube station on the northern line. Very handy for all major attractions, west end, London eye, covent garden etc. the main downside has to be the hotel room, whilst it was large and quiet there was no mirror in the main bedroom. It wasn't possible to see to dry your hair. As we booked an executive room we expected better (514), this was for a special occasion so felt slightly let down. The fixtures/fittings in the room were dated and needed renewing, there was a crack in the sink and nowhere to put a towel when you have a shower. All the negative bits aside, the breakfast was excellent, brilliant pub just up the road (the Washington), its location is great, and 5mins from Camden market which is a MUST. I would return but would…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or850-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",bit of a kip to be honest,"Staff were nice I have to say, although there was definitely a sense that they didn't really care about their jobs. Location was great also. The place needed a serious deep clean. The first room they showed us to was in the basement and it felt like the walls in the corridor,which were snaking its way through the basement, were getting smaller as we walked though.  We were both chuckling to ourselves at the situation. Finally got to the room and it had no windows. Went back to the reception and they changed our room with no hassle. Seriously, this building should just be razed  and a new more modern building that's better planned built in its place. It would probably be cheaper to do this than to strip it and redecorate.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or850-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for short stay,Have used this hotel couple of times as close to Camden and Regents Park. Was most unhappy to discover Chalk Farm station closed for Easter weekend so had to walk to Camden thru crowds and on the Sunday walked all the way to Kings Cross as Camden station shut. Not hotels fault but something to bear in mind.  Hotel is ok for couple of nites. It is very dated and shabby and smells of old mops in corridors. Room was clean but freezing and radiator didn't seem to come on. There was a heater in room you could plug in. Windows are not good and very drafty and soaking with condensation in mornings. Curtains are not blackout so room was really bright very early. Cleaners start banging about early too so don't hope for a long lie. Didn't bother with breakfast as can get better in Camden…,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or850-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Clean friendly but could do with updating rooms,"Group of six stayed a few nights hotel is clean. And staff friendly. Rooms out of date and old but clean sheets and bathrooms, hotel was ideal for our use as a base while visitin London. Ideal tube locations and bus routes. Breakfast wasn't to bad. There was pizza ans chips which was a little odd, One of us got boiled raw bacon but apart from tht was ok. We had a drink in bar one night before heading out which is reasonably priced if u can get the bar maid to take her ear phones out and stand up to serve u. ",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or855-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Utterly Appalling,"I stayed here whilst on business and was extremely glad to leave. The rooms were outdated, I had stains on my duvet, the curtains were filthy, the windows were covered in condensation in the morning (it was impossible to leave them open, even slightly due to the constant noise of sirens all night long). The breakfast was that bad I couldn't eat it - either things were cold or sodden with fat, leaving me to go elsewhere to eat instead. Even if the breakfast had have been satisfactory the thought of the phlegm I witnessed that some idiot had spat on the stairwell would have certainly deterred me.  I had the terrible misfortune to have a room next to someone who, for some strange reason, had the impulse to constantly slam doors and drawers and whatever else he could make a noise…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or855-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",hard to beat for the money,"to find a decent hotel in and around central london for not a over the top price is getting harder each week, i work in london alot,and have been overcharged for average standard rooms many times. this hotel i booked on hotels.com, i payed £290 for 2 nights for 3 people.this was a twin room and a double room. the rooms were very spacious with nice beds,bath and showers,large tv,and were very quiet!  there is a bar and restaruant downstair which was very nice, carparking is a bit of an issue,there is only 15 spaces on site,at £10 per night,if you cant get in here then you have to find parking in the street,which is mainly permit only! there is a pay carpark just up the road,but again its very costly. if you want a night out without going into central london,look no further than a…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or855-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, quiet night's sleep which server a purpose","Booked in with my wife for a quick overnight stay when going to a rock concert at the nearby Roundhouse.  We didn't see much of the hotel at all, just quickly booked in, drop off our minimal luggage and then off to the concert.  Afterwards, very tired, we came back and went to bed. Up quickly, showered, checked out and away we went.  We paid £65 via an online agent for the night.  It was good value and served a purpose. The hotel looks a bit tired and room's decor was dated and basic, but the bed was big and comfortable and the shower was hot and powerful. So we were happy.  The room was clean  enough although I suspect that if you looked really hard you might find flaws here and there.  The room we were in was away from any roads and very quiet.  We had an undisturbed night's…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or855-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",viewing the sites in London,"Well located hotel for visiting sites and shows in London. Child friendly, close to tube stations. Good food at reasonable prices. Rooms cleaned daily and friendly staff on hand for any problems which may arise. We will stay again.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or855-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",OK for the money,Stayed here for 2 nights with my husband as part of a rail Superbreak package which made it a reasonable deal with breakfast included.Check in was not too smooth as despite there being 2 receptionists on duty it took both of them to deal with one person's query about a theatre. We were none too pleased after an early start and an exhausting day in the City. We then found out that the dining room was closed as work was being done to the kitchens and only bar food was available from 6.30p.m. We had a room awayfrom the main road on the 3rd floor but were woken early by delivery vehicles and bin men.The room was dated and had no bedisde lights - just a chandelier giving out poor light and this was not centrally situated.  There was a desk lamp but useless for reading in bed. Having…,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or860-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia Hampstead Hotel,"I arranged a weekend trip with my partner , as i love coming to London . We coundn't get in our hotel that we usually stay in , so we tried this one.  I would not stop here again ! As you entered the hotel , it looked lovely and the staff on the front desk were freindly . Room was very small , with no bath in the ensuite. also the towels had rips in them . there was a nice balcony which we coundn't  get to because the door was lock , and there was no key. we ate in the restaurant which was ok and a good price , but it was hard to find staff and when we did they were very rude. The staff on the bar did not understand english so it was differcult to get a drink. The hotel was a 10 mins walk from the tube station and not far from Camden.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or860-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the PLAGUE,"I HAD repeat HAD to attend a BNI training event here on Friday.  I had agred to meet a friend there for lunch. He told me it had taken hin 12 minutes to get a coffee as there were NO STAFF in the ""restaurant"" ( actually bar) area.   We did not fancy much so thought Fish & Chips was safe - WRONG.  Warm (not hot) wet cardboard - that was the fish OR the chips.  Now this is for a 1 pm meeting , - when another person wanted to order - they could not order ANYTHING -0 CHEF had gone home for lunch.  LUNCH -  SO EVEN THE COOK WON't eat there !  As to the meeting , instead of a buffet it was hot(ish) water ,  stale biscuits .  No Still / gassed water , sandwiches etc.  but I thinkj it was insulting to drag business people there for a meeting that killed a days business & get that level…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or860-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Biohazard,"I don't expect much from budget accommodation, but breathable air is a basic human right.   Booked non-smoking, but was given the hotel equivalent to Chernobyl. Requested room change but was rudely told to try again in the morning, as all non-smoking were occupied. As it was late and despite a room that stank like a smokers stale armpit, and a bathroom that had been doused in ammonia based cleaning product, decided to ride out the night... What a mistake, woke 3hrs later with headache and sore throat. No extractor fan, no air-con, and the only openable window was barely bigger than a mail-slot. Paid for 2 nights, stayed for 1 night, this place should be condemned. AVOID  Also note: ""250m from Chalk Farm station"" = 650m, decor unchanged since 1970's?, door to room had visible…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or860-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money and excellent relaxed location. Staff were friendly.,"I organised a Group booking here and stayed for just 1 night. Initially I was concerned about the negative reviews on here. However, all went well. Staff on front desk were friendly and the duty manager was very helpful. We were a Group of 70 and check in was all organised upon arrival. My room on the 5th floor was clean, bright and large for a London hotel. Breakfast in the morning was buffet with lots of choice. For the price, the Britannia Hampstead offered good value . Both Primrose Hill and Camden are on your doorstep. Thank you Mr Singh and all your staff",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or860-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"I paid £50 for a double room here which for London is a bargain. Room resonably clean and warm on a cold February day.  Very small car park and hard to park nearby so much better if you are coming by tube, it's about 10 mins walk from Chalk Farm station. ",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or865-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Britannia Hampstead,I  am disgusted with this Hotel firstly they try and charge you a different room rate that had not been agreed. and both the Duty Manager and the Receptionist covered the booking form up that i am supposed to sign. also they insist on cash payments yes I always carry large sums of money around on business trips. then i get to room 506 they claim is the best room in the Hotel an Executive Suite which is run down. and then I get to the Bathroom the dirtiest i have ever seen in my life heavy dirty staining in the sink. hairs in the bath large sticky stains on the toilet seat. hairs on the side by the sink with some huge blobs of pink staining of what ever that may be. bits of plastic on the Bathroom floor broken and loose tiles in the Bathroom. I asked both the receptionist and the…,Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or865-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"This is in a good location, 5 minutes from the tube and 10 from Camden Market, with some pleasant local restaurants.  The food is unfussy but good value (£9.95 for a three course self-serve dinner), and plentiful.  Our room was spacious with excellent views over London - back of the hotel and fifth floor.  The staff were helpful and courteous. Downsides:  It was a cold weekend, and the room was was very cold, only one radiator at one end of the room and no heating in the bathroom.  Public areas were also chilly as there were no isolating doors between the revolving door and bar/restaurant.  Our friends' room was a little warmer, probably as their curtains were thicker.  Our bed (4ft 6in double) was lumpy and with springs digging in.  We asked for assistance with this and were…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or865-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok this time,"I stayed here for 2 nights as it is 10 mins from my work. Istayed in room 10 as it is away from the noise and no window either. However, it would seem that other guests down there don't adhere to the no smoking policy. I woke at midnight on the 2nd night and my room stank of cigarette smoke as did the corridor. I mebntioned this to reception when checking out but they didn't seem too interested. Shame as i won't be back",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or865-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for money,"We have stayed in this hotel three times now and we have always found it to be very good value for money. It is in a good location for what we want to do in London and easy to get to. the breakfast is a help your self buffet with plenty of choice and as much as you want, the rooms are clean and comfortable but could do with a bit of an upgrade. we were advised the first time to ask for a top floor room as they are the quietest we have therefore only been on the top floor so maybe the other rooms have been refurbished! We will certainly return to this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or865-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location medium facilities and staff. Be careful with theft,"I have stayed in this hotel dozens of times. I stay there for the location - near primrose hill which is a great area. It is a nice old building with a sense of faded grandeur, and that is the end of the good stuff. The staff is usually foreign, and though they try to be polite, they are of limited help. The breakfast is mediocre, but you can go to the excellent Chamomile around the corner, and lots of good places in Regent Park Road. The rooms are mainly old and faded, and the worst are the old spring mattresses which haven't been changed for years, or at least it feels like it. The small rooms are really pokey. Usually one of the elevators is not working. But on the whole it is bearable and worth it for the location. However, the main reason I am writing this is to warn you:…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or870-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What has happened to this hotel???,"Stayed here last weekend, i have stayed here before and really liked it but WOW what has happened in such a short space of time. The rooms itself are still pretty much the same, dated but very clean and ok to sleep in and shower in. The staff don't seem to care anymore, on the first night we were put in room 17 on lower ground floor and i suggest if you are put in that room or anything near then you refuse and ask for a different room, the room is right on the public footpath so all night you can hear people's conversations, the window had no safety catch, and all night you can unpleasantly hear the room above using the toilet!!!! We got moved to a room on the second floor which was much better. BREAKFAST..... Absolutely disgusting. Breakfast served at 7.30am by 8am freezing…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or870-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, great for smokers!","We stayed here last night, not where we planned to stay but needed to escape a terrible hotel we were staying at the previous night, we got it on a last minute deal for £75 so was a great deal to say how close it is to camden. We were pleasantly surprised that they had smoking rooms so obviously we booked that one, there was even a balcony outside the room too. The breakfast was lovely and there was allot of choice. Excellent hotel, will be staying again hopefully.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or870-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It is what it is,"I have mixed feelings about this hotel. For what we needed it was okay if you were going for a special occasion i would probably suggest trying elsewhere. We stayed for a 2 night break on a deal which coincided with valentines day but it wasn't the reason for our trip so for what we paid it was excellent, the champagne an dchocolates were a bonus. We were attending an event in camden and for this purpose the location was excellent. I'm not a fussy person so the fact the bedrooms were dated didn't bother me it they had everything you needed, a new t.v, hairdryer, t/c facilities a comfy bed, warm powerful shower and it was clean if you like your mod cons and fancy decor probably not for you. Dinner was ok if it wasn't included probably would have eaten elsewhere second nights…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or870-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",have nothing negative to say about this hotel,"I have stayed in this hotel twice in recent months and I found it to be quite pleasant.  I had read the reviews before I stayed and was very apprehensive about it but I found it very clean, warm and the staff very friendly.  The rooms were very spacious and the beds very comfortable.  It was a very short distance from Camden Town and Chalk Farm tube station was only down the road.  I would have no problem in recommending this hotel to anyone.  On the first occasion I stayed on the 2nd floor and on the second occasion I stayed on the fifth floor, both of which were perfectly good. I have no idea what the basement rooms are like so I cant comment on them.  I had a very pleasant stay and will stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or870-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","not bad, but not good, just average","This is the kind of hotel to stay in if you can get a special deal. It's in a nice part of London, not too far from Chalk Farm tube station. There's free internet, the rooms are quite big for London and it's reasonably clean. It's obviously seen better days as a hotel, and could do with a renovation but I imagine that would put the price up.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or875-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Distinctly below average,"This hotel is in a fairly nice area, with a number of pubs and restaurants close by - you'll need them.   If coming by tube, it's a 10 minute uphill walk from Chalk Farm station or a couple of stops on the number 31 bus. Otherwise, there's a very small car park, which is charged at £10 pn  Hotel is very dated - not really up to the mark for a London hotel. Lots of dark wood, brown painted door frames, floral carpets and pine bedroom furniture. Access is via a small revolving door that I had trouble getting my wheeled suiter through. I saw someone in a wheelchair so can only assume that they must have been brought in round the back.   No English staff, so you'll have to muddle through trying to understand pigeon English. Fine if you speak Spanish though.   Rooms - mine was a…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or875-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Myself and two colleges stayed here for three nights. The resultant food was terrible. And they did not car at all when we complained. The waiter was ignorant and staff in general were not friendly except the receptionist. The food was so salty that I drank a pint of water and the pudding was served still frozen. When the waiter was informed he said why? I said why what. He smiled and said he'd tell the chef. Nobody spoke to us again. Shocking service. Never again.  Ps, the room I stayed in, had the window stuck open. Old aluminium single glazed window. Defiantly outdated.  Not happy :-(",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or875-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"It is rare to find a well-located hotel in London for less than £100 a night but this one was fine for the money!  Yes, the decor is fairly tired and could do with upgrading, but for the money you can't go wrong with this hotel.  The staff were very friendly and helpful (again, a rarity in London!) and it's a leisurely 10 minute walk to Chalk Farm underground station which makes it very convenient for business or tourism.  The sound proofing isn't great however - I heard some guy shouting and screaming at about 3am, but I suppose that isn't really the hotel's fault!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or875-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",If you don't get your room cheap - don't bother!,"My boyfriend and i stayed here on a Saturday night as we were going to Camden for the evening. Location wise it was perfect we could easily walk to and from Camden (about 10 mins walk). The hotel is very dated and our room was hideous! We were in the basement, with no windows or natural light and a very small room. There was hair in the plug hole that had not been cleaned properly & a packet of half eaten crisps under the table. DO NOT HAVE BREAKFAST. Hairs in the serving dishes, cold food and very poor choice. We got this at a very cheap rate and as it was very close to camden it did the job but we will not be staying here again.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or875-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",well worn but ok,"This hotels certainly not the best, however it is generally cheap and chearful. The staff are generally very helpful and the rooms are clean. The bed had seen better days and you could hear the mattress going ping when I moved. but what do you expect in london at that price. On occasions Brittania increase the prices at this hotel and when they do it is not the place to go The breakfast is always very good and good value. However, the evening meal is a bit variable, they offer a carvery in the evening and it is not worth booking in advance. I suggest you wait to see what is on offer as they often have better deals available.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or880-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I was dreading staying here but need not have worried,"My family and myself stayed here for a new years break from 30Dec-2Jan.  Having read the reviews we were dreading it and thought it was going to be awful. Having arrived there we were pleasantly surprised.  Yes the decor was dated in the bedrooms, but it was kept clean and the staff serviced the rooms and provided fresh towels everyday and there was even little toiletries in the bathroom. As far as I could see the hotel was gradually being updated, in the dining room there were some nice leather look chairs and some chairs that needed updating. The hotel was in a good location close to Camden market and London Zoo both of which we visited. The hotel provided a good new years package.  A room was set up nicely with Christmas tablecloths, steamers and crackers and they had hired a…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or880-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated but comfortable,"We have just had a 3 night stay at The Hampstead Britannia. It's in an ideal location - less than 10 mins walk to the Tube station and has a bus stop outside. Our check-in was quick and efficient.  Bedrooms were dated, but large and clean - plus the beds were very comfy. There was loads of storage; 2 double built in wardrobes, 2 chest of drawers plus a dressing table. The bathroom was adequate. Our sink was very slow to drain and the hot tap was only a trickle. It was reported, but did not get resolved. It took us 10 minutes how to work the shower, but we got there in the end.  The TV was very dated with only 5 channels and no text. On the plus side there was free Wi-Fi. The bar area had limited seating and was freezing. We had a bar meal there which was tasty and very…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or880-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Why All The Bad Comments??,"We booked this hotel before visiting this site... Thank goodness we did!! We set off feelin very apprehensive after readin the reviews. Surely our weekend away was a mistake judgin by the comments on here. Actually though we were very happily surprised. On arrival we had to clear up a booking error that was our fault. The receptionist didn't bat an eyelid as she changed our room... A room that proved cosy yet spacious and comfortable...and clean! The staff were attentive and helpful, polite and friendly. A request for an iron and board was delivered to the door in minutes. The gripes that the tv is mono, or on too low a table are laughable...do u go away to watch tv??? To sum up... A brilliant stay in a fair priced hotel...we paid under £100 for 2 nights. I'm sure some folk just…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or880-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Was very worried,Stayed for three nights for a birthday treat after reading the reviews was very worried However all was well hotel is old but hey so am I it was warm clean the staff were very helpful and polite and a problem with our television was sorted quickly breakfast was fine and evening meal quite acceptable so to all those people who had me worried with their bad reviews  how can you complain the location is brilliant and excellant value for London well done hampstead britannia,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or880-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but seems a bit tired,"Stayed here in January so my wife and I could do our theatre trip again.  LOCATION OK, walked to Chalk Farm tube,approx 8 minutes and were in central London within 10 minutes.  Hotel Breakfast ok. Did their buffet one night but it is no where as good as their hotel in Blackpool but is good value ar £9.95 p.p. Booked a suite where I got a brill price with Britanniana E-Shots and vouchers from Blackpool.  stays. Total cost £162 for 3 nights B&B which is brill for London.  Downside was the the radiator in the bedroom was broken and they knew this because an electric heater was in our room  and this is very dry overnight. Radiator in the sitting room was fine. Light over the mirror in the bathroom was out and had to ask for this to be fixed which they did right away.  Upside was the…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or885-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overall great value and quite nice.,"We attended a gig in Kentish Town, and wanted a hotel that wasn't too far away. Was quite a trek from the tube and the printed map wasn't particularly helpful, we did end up getting lost!  Once at the hotel, the outside of it really was very grim, surrounded by lots of grey flats and watery looking windows. Once inside though it was another story, really beautiful lobby, lovely dining area and helpful staff. We had to show ourselves up to our rooms, just given a key and told the floor, which fair enough, saves them time, but still slightly off. The stairs up to the floors were freezing cold, more like flat stairs than a London hotel! The corridor honestly looked like the hotel from The Shining, very gaudy and outdated but was clean and fine. was a bit of struggle to get the door…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or885-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","clean, well equipped but basic close to Camden town","stayed 1 night 21st Jan 2013.  Good location 10 mins walk from Camden Town, lots of restaurants close by.  onsite car parking is limited, I was ok, its on a 1st come 1st serve basis,  Friendly staff Had evening meal in and breakfast Breakfast is buffet cooked and was fine. Evening meal,,,, disjointed  - strange,,, seemed to be a lot of new staff or they werent sure what was what,,, went to restaurant which was buffet eat all you like,, didnt fancy that so had the  a la carte menu,, was told to order at bar,,,, at bar was told to order and pay 1st at reception,,, strange but ,,,,ok,,,  veg was fresh not frozen and lovely,,, steak,,, hmmmmm, looked like they cut end off a joint of beef and was not good.  Would stay here again for location,,, would not have eve meal here again",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or885-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Choice,"Myself and my nan went for a three day break to london. we stayed here on a monday and tuesday night and had it was fine. Nice and clean! I have seen some of the photos and wasnt looking forward to it but i dont know were they got them from because it was clean and tidy and nothing bad about it! you even got mini shower gel,soaps and moisturiser!haha there was room service if needed and out room got cleaned every day with fresh towels and sheets. Staff friendly abd helpful and there was a left lugage which was very safe as we arrived early and didnt want to pay to check in early as we had the whole day there and didnt need to check in early, we check in about 7 and the staff were fine with this.  We stayed in a room with two singles. Tv with freeview and tea and coffee making…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or885-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Be realistic -- great location!,"I've stayed here many times over the past six years because the location and price are right. Hotel standards in London are in my opinion low, and I rate this hotel against the larger picture. While many of the comments in recent reviews ring true, consider the low price of rooms in this posh part of town where there are few hotels. Go with a sense of humor and compassion. Avoid the restaurant and hotel bar because you are just two short blocks away from a top pub serving meals (The Washington), a posh Starbuck's, a mini Tesco, and a great local breakfast cafe (Camomile), in addition to several restaurants. Bus and tube services are convenient and there is great walking, dining, and people-watching (movie and pop stars abound) in Hampstead, Primrose Hill, Belsize, Regent's Park,…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or885-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",wouldn't stay by choice,"This hotel was chosen as I had an audition close by so it was chosen purely for practicality for getting there. After our very long train journey to get there we were told we couldn't check in as it wasn't 2 when it was only 1.55 so we asked to leave our bags. They were fine with this but we had to our bags in the luggage room ourselves and had to collect it ourselves, very odd. When we finally got to the room it is very dated and it took us about 10 minutes to open the door with the key, yes an actual key - that just shows how aged it is! The beds were comfy and I couldn't fault the room on its cleanliness, however it isn't a room you could just sit in as the television was from the 90's and tiny with limited channels. As for breakfast we only had it one day as it was awful,…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or890-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all,"Stayed here recently on a trip to London and must say it's not bad whatsoever, the rooms and hotel a little dated, but spacious and warm. Could do with a revamp. Staff were helpfull and helped us as much as they could. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or890-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",please do not go here .... dirty and smelly,"We staye here for 2 nites through City Breaks in Nov 2012 . It was the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to be in. It was dirty smelly . foyer has bluebottles flying around it in the wintertime. The rooms were smelly , cold , damp and the winows were running with condensation  the matresses were heavly stained and vey old and there was used diabetic blood test strips i the dedside drawers . toilet was blocked for 4 hrs and tried to use the disabled toilet along the landing . it was used as a cupboard and was stinking . we were told we couldnot get another room as they were fully booked , There was only 1 lift workinf for the whole hotel and it only held 4-5 people. Plates in the dining room were dirty and the staff never had their hair tied back when serving food . when…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or890-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,Stayed here for new years and had a small room however it had a fab balcony and a view of the london skyline so we had a great view of the new year fireworks this was a real bonus especialy considering the small price we payed for the three night stay. It is a well located ten minute stroll to chalk farm station and camdens markets and nightlife.I know people write bad reviews here because the hotel is slightly dated and rooms a bit small but we had a fab stay and base my review on that and value for money. ,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or890-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Did its job,"Not too bad inside, rooms were comfy and quite big and staff were very helpful. Does look it needs  modernising  because it does a bit tatty on the outside. Ideally situated for travel around london though  with it only being a 10 minute to Chalk Farm station",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or890-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fab New year Break,"Just returned home from a three night New Year break at this hotel. We had a great time. The hotel staff where very polite and the service was brilliant. The food was good and a good choice. the hotel is in a great location, close to Camden Markets just 10min. walk away. I can honestly say we felt we had value for money.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or895-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","The staff steals from you, and the reception doesn't care about it.","I stayed at the Hampstead Brittania for 6 nights this December, and managed to forget something very precious to me in the room when I checked out. I know it's my own fault forgetting it, but after calling them 5 times and being met with complete indifference they finally told me that they had spoken to housekeeping, and that they hadn't found it.   That object never left the room, and it was not in my suitcase, I know this for certain as my suitcase is the only piece of luggage I travelled with. So their housekeeping staff steals and then lies about it.   If you still feel like staying there (old noisy rooms with bad isolation, wasn't really clean and lacked bedding on one of the beds. Towels smelled funny, not sure if they were clean) then I recommend you bring a travel safe…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or895-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",very good again,"stayed many times now and as usual the great value and friendly service was still there, this hotel is dated but central london for the price I dont see how anyone can complain, the manager here is doing a great job as are all the staff  look forward to seeing you again soon next month",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or895-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever had the misfortune of staying in!,"Booked this hotel online through booking.com and wish I'd not bothered! I didn't have an issue with the tatty, outdated decor, after all it was only somewhere to sleep and I wasn't paying top prices for it however I do expect to encounter honest staff no matter how much I pay.  After receiving a text saying we could check in I attempted to do so to be told our room wasn't ready and we'd just have to wait (exact words used) and we were left sitting in the grotty bar area for an hour.  That evening loud music was playing someone in the hotel but we had a hotel employee bang on our door telling us to turn out TV down (which incidentally was a tiny thing with 4 channels).  After going to reception to complain about this the music finally stopped.  It was the same the next evening. …",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or895-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Revolting Totally horrendous,"We stayed on the 10 & 11th December from the moment we checked in to this Hotel!! it was awful dirty rooms and no heating!!!!! even though it was very frosty outside.  We had a meal in the dining room it was horrible, we left it and complained to the management  they said we would still have to pay for the meal but could have a free bottle of wine.  We could not wait to leave  I have been ill with gastric flu since then!!!!. We booked it through Thomas Cook will  also be complaining  to them.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or895-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good. Clean, Convenient.",Decent place for a one or two nights stay in London. Good bargains. Clean rooms. Clean and adequate sheets. Clean & crisp towels. Toiletries. TV. Slightly creaky building but you get used to it. Upper floors for quieter and comfortable sleep.  Single rooms have a double bed and enough space for one person. Bathroom is a of a reasonable size for a solo traveler.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or900-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Massively disappointing,"Room was quite out dated and not well cleaned. Uncomfy bed, small box tv with very few channels, over priced (even at the 50% disounted rate from late rooms) and a box room. Breakfast was reasonably edible, though not greatly tastey. Service was ok, but nothing special. Not likely to be staying here again.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or900-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poor poor poor,"Stayed here threw Superbreaks afew times now and although we knew it was anti tired and dated we never really had reason to grumble for the price we pad. BUT dear me! We stayed here 10 / 11th December 2012....... This will be our last stay ever. Totally horrendous from booking into to a mattress with springs pushing threw, complained on the first night to the duty manager and was told there was no other rooms available, yet the hotel was deserted. Was promised another room for our 2nd night. But after a 20 min battle with reception we was still in the same room and they had changed the mattress over and tried to convince us it was brand new. Needless to say we will not ever be staying there again. I have also lodged a complaint with Superbreaks.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or900-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poor All Round!!,"At first welcoming start, but order a double room got twin beds pushed together. Order a drink at the bar- bar man got the order wrong, took drink back- after a 10min arguing with the bar man and then bar man calling the manager over, no one agreed the price of the drink even tho it was printed on the menu. Looked to over charge us at every opportunity which thoroughly spoiled our stay. We were humiliated in front of others in the bar area... I'm disgusted in this service.  Never again!!! ",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or900-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia Hampstead Unbiased Review,"I wonder if anyone from the hotel company reads these reviews as I have never seen such bad reviews for a place and the scathing comments keep coming. I would have to say that although there was an issue I needed to discuss with the manager involving a staff member, it was resolved amicably. The majority of the hotel is tired and there is a bit of language barrier. Also the hotel is grossly understaffed but this is why the hotel is so cheap. For £44 a night, so close to all the attractions of this great city, in such a delightful area, this hotel was spectacular value.   I stayed there this month from the 1st-4th December and found I had everything I needed for a fantastic time. The views from my room were better than any I have ever had in London even at 5 star hotels. Ask for…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or900-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London Break,"We booked through a Superbreak deal and must say that I am glad that we didn't pay top money for this. The hotel is very tired and the whole place needs a total refurb. We booked to see an exhibition and go Christmas shopping, so we didn't spend much time in the room. Although the room wasn't luxurious, it had everything we needed and slept well on both nights. The breakfast was quite an experience on the first morning, cold coffee and a broken toaster, but it was much better on the second morning and there is a good choice. The hotel is well situated on the underground Northern line and very handy for Euston. It is also only one stop away from the amazing Camden town and market which is a 'must do' as it is an amazing place situated on the lock. All in all we had a great couple…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or905-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst London hotel,"We booked a room at Hamstead Brittania hotel for 3 days on Friday the 28th of November The experience was so bad, that we had to check out a day earlier and stay at another hotel for the last day. Where can i start? from the unfriendly staff, from the Hygiene issues that the rooms had? dirty carpets, mold on the walls, not to speak for the bathroom.... Do yourself a favor and never book a room in this hotel. After 10 days, i still wait for my refund for the last day!!!",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or905-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible place,"I've booked for three nights but cancelled right after the first, the place was unbelievably damp and I woke up sick the other day. The mattress was extremely old, there was black mould on the curtains and humidity on the window glasses, the furniture were archaic and filthy, my husband was calling the reception and no one would pick up the phone, there was no hairdryer and what-else. I am not a fussy person but this was beyond imagination, would never think that such a place existed in Hampstead/Primrose hill! I booked the next day with the same money a brilliant three star hotel in Gloucester road.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or905-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Poor, cold, dated hotel & service","Tried to check in slightly earlier and was point blank told no without the receptionist checking to see if the room was ready.  Later got checked in and allocated room lower ground floor. Corridors cold, all of hotel cold. Room smelt of cigarette smoke for whole of stay. Bathroom ceiling too low for people of average height so couldn't fit under shower. Also only warm water out of sink.  Window stay broken and looked like people had been exiting room via the window. Curtains too short at top and bottom so when n bed you could see in / out under curtains. Curtains also hard to close, wouldn't reopen and hanging of rail. Traffic noise also quite bad - think window unit had a fault.  Breakfast room cold. People had their coats on. Breakfast also cold both days from ""hot"" buffet.…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or905-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,My mother booked in to stay here. Poor.  Room smelt and not well furnished.  Lamp dodgy i.e. went on/off when you touched the shade (and it wasn't meant to!) she called reception but no one came. I rejoined her for breakfast the following day - the quality of food was dire.  Even the coffe was weak.  I had to go through five or six plates to get to a clean one. A similar experience with the cups. In the end I made myself a bacon roll as the only edible thing - rolls tough. No redeeming features here unfortunately. ,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or905-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Night Ever:Cold and Damp,"I stay in hotels often primarily for business but also for leisure. On this December evening we had a peformance to attend near Chalk Farm and I found this hotel for my partner and I. From the moment we arrived in the afternoon, the room was cold, the radiator not on. I asked for a portable heater, told one was coming and then told ""no, we don't have poratble heaters"". I was then told by reception ""There...I've just switched the radiators on"" only to call back down in an hour to be told that the keep the radiators off during the day but, ""There....I've just switched them on"" as if there was a magic radiator button next to the reception phone! When we left for our evening engargment ther was still no heat; I had to take a hot shower just to stop shivering. We returned late in the…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or910-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Old fashioned but comfy & clean,"We stopped here for two nights the first weekend of this December. The room was next to noisy roof fans outside the window so we asked to be moved and this was done quickly and with a smile! The rooms are clean if a bit old fashioned but comfy beds and quiet at night. Breakfast was plentiful and a good range in a buffet style which appeared to be regularly replenished. Overall recommended if you don't mind staying in London but don't want to be in middle of noisy city centre. the hotel is situated in a residential part of Primrose Hill,Hampstead,10 minute walk to Chalk Farm tube station or bus round the corner of the hotel that stops next to tube station. Also close by to Camden Town by tube or bus. If you're looking for high end luxury hotel,this it isn't but it is a…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or910-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I could not believe the awfulness of this hotel,"We were in London for my husband's birthday.  We could not afford to stay nearer central London but assumed a hotel in a good neighbourhood like this would be of a reasonable standard - how wrong we were.  When we arrived we were told our room was on the lower ground floor.  This poky old fashioned room had no window and was directly underneath thumping music coming from a hotel function on the floor above.  I immediately phoned reception and said the room was unacceptable and I was shocked to be offered such a room.  After a short delay we were offered a room on the fourth floor.  Although the room was far from good, we decided to stay as it was too late to search for another hotel.  The room was small with a divan bed with no headboard.  The mattress felt lumpy and old.  The…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or910-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel,I enjoyed my stay in the hotel.  My only complaint is the cooked breakfast was lovely but COLD!!! Also the kettle in the room didn't work properly.  Will certainly stay again. Location very good and near to tube station etc.                     ,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or910-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You will never return for another visit ...,"This was a horrible experience - room very dated, and smelled fusty - ashtray present so probably a previous smokers room.  Bedding and towels were very clean but bathroom was very poor - mastic around bath and sinks was disgusting - standard of workmansip was appalling.  Hotel staff not very well trained and you had to go looking for them for bar and reception service.  Extremely noisy through night as well.  Hotel ideally located for tube station (8 min walk) and for central London.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or910-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've ever had the displeasure of staying in,"We booked this room to stay in before we went to the Paralympcis the next day. When we arrived in the evening we were advised that there was a problem, but not a big problem.   However, it was a big problem as they had no room for us. We were advised that thye'd move us somewhere else, but they couldn't guarantoee us a room which was completly useless. The receptionst at one stage walked off for 10 minutes which my credit card which was very unprofessional and concerning.  After about 1 hour of trying to sort something out, they all spoke very poor english, we were told to sit in the bar for a while. Eventually someone came and told us that they didn't have a double room, but a twin room was availalble, why we couldn't have this in the first place I don't know.   The room was…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or915-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for Me,"Just back from acouple of nights booked as part of a Superbreak deal For what we paid  - £99 each for 2 nights including  train fare from Preston we had no complaints whatsoever Yes the rooms are a bit on the shabby side but ours (301) was clean, warm and the bathroom facilities were fine The breakfast was excellent plenty of choice and all freshly cooked - although some guests could learn some manners!  Chalk Farm tube is only 5minutes away and within 15 minutes you are walking around the centre of London  I would certainly stay here again aswe certainly felt we had value for money",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or915-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a revamp!,"Very rundown hotel in a beautiful area of London. Reception staff are great and were very helpful. The worst bar staff I've ever had to deal with, they hadn't a clue.  Room was ok, clean but very tired looking. ",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or915-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","""Good Spot""","I have just come back from a 2 night stay at the Britannia Hampstead hotel in London with my sister in law and our daughters. The hotel was nice and clean.The beds and pillows were comfortable and the shower was hot and was quite powerful. Toiletries and a hairdryer are provided  as well as tea & coffee facilities.The staff were very friendly and helpful with regards to pointing us in the right direction for the underground and bag storage. There was also a telephone and free WIFI connection. There was a good variety for breakfast with things like yoghurt, cereal, fruit, pastries and of course a ""full english"" breakfast buffet. Yes the hotel could be updated a little but we liked it. Chalk Farm underground is about a 5 minute walk and we would definitely make a  return visit,…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or915-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Staff very knowledgeable and friendly,"Having booked this holiday through a train and hotel deal was worried when I saw some of the reviews on here but I was very happily proven wrong.  Staff were friendly and helpful, I was in the basement but on the outside so had windows.  Room was very clean, bright and loads of space.  When it came to breakfast there was everything available, cereal, full english, continental, toast.  Didn't eat dinner there but there is a lovely italian restaurant just up the road.  Would recommended to anyone who wanted a hotel out of the city, but close to tube and buses.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or915-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Would go again,"I have just come back from a 2 night stay at the Britannia Hampstead hotel in London. The building both outside and inside was nice and clean, and the staff were very friendly. I stayed in a two person room, and inside were two single beds which were quite comfortable, a dressing table, two chairs, a round table, two bedside tables and a TV. There was also a telephone and free WIFI connection. The wardrobe had loads of room in it and there was a lot of drawers too. The shower was nice and hot, and there was some shower gel provided also. There was a variety of choices for breakfast with things like yoghurt, cereal, fruit, pastry, and a typical ""full english"" breakfast buffet. Yes the hotel could be updated a little but I didn't find anything majorly wrong with it and I would…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or920-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Scrapes an average. A few problems but ok for one night I guess!,"Checked in here on 29th October. Was easy to find and a short walk from Chalk Farm tube.  Was told on arrival that check in was at 2pm, no problem as it was 1:45, so I waited in the lobby and watched TV. Returned to check in at 2pm and was vaguely told that the room was not ready. Waited a further half hour, the room was still not ready. Finally got allocated a room at 3pm after waiting over an hour after a bit of fuss, room 513, right at the top of the hotel.  Found the room easily due to lift access. Looked like something out of the 70's, had serious damp problem on the wallpaper and toilet seemed to randomly flush itself whenever it felt like it. The room was also freezing cold and the radiator didn't seem to want to heat up.  My final complaint is that the single glazed…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or920-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Like sleeping in a cupboard,"Stayed here for 2 nights, we were shocked when shown to a room in the basement with no windows. Tried to change rooms but told fully booked, checked on internet and they were showing vacancies....... The room was clean and newly decorated. Basic but acceptable BUT not at over £110 a night.  The lack of a window should be mentioned at booking , this feels like misrepresentation, surprised it's even legal (but apparently windowless rooms are)  it was too late to move and had already paid. Can't imagine what it's like in summer! The rest of hotel rather scruffy and feels very downmarket, oh well won't be staying again!",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or920-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",CREDIT CARD NIGHTMARE !!,"I was in this hotel one week and I had to pay on arrival the full amount  already (798,52 euros) ,later at home I saw that they had charged me A SECOND TIME via my creditcard (777,12) so I was doublecharged!! I phoned several times and sent E-Mails but after 10 days nothing is done and I am  still waiting for my refund !! So do not give creditcard authorisation to them !",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or920-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nice staff shame about the dinners,"I have stayed in hotels all over the world some excellant, some good, some not so good and some terrible.    This hotel was not the worst I have ever stayed in but certainly wasn't excellant by any standards.   Firstly I will start with the positives.  The staff where friendly helpful and always smiling and the hotel was in a quiet location a short walk from several shopping areas and near London zoo and Hampstead heath.  We were in a room on the second floor 217 this room was large in size and was clean.  The breakfast was wonderful really enjoyed this  Now for the negatives the furniture in the rooms was old and really in need of being upgraded there was a nice seating area in the room ruined by the fact the chairs really needed to be refurbished.  There where loads of drawer…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or920-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"Stayed in Britannia Hampstead Hotel on a family trip to London.  We chose to stay at this hotel because of the easy access to Kingcross and Euston Stations.  After reading other reviews I was a bit apprehensive about staying at this hotel, however, I can honesty say that myself and my family found the hotel to be very comfortable.  My family (myself, husband, 17 year old and 11 year old) booked adjoining rooms for a 3 night stay.  We had 2 adjoining rooms, with an internal door between, which allowed us 2 separate sleeping areas and 2 bathrooms.  Rooms were very warm, with very comfortable and clean twin beds.  Bathroom was adequate and the shower very powerful - towels changed every day.  Tea making facilities also very good and replenished daily.  We had booked b&b basis and…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or925-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Be worried and believe the negative reviews,"On the positive side the desk staff were friendly and quite helpful but that's the only positive thing.  I made the booking more than 4 weeks in advance and paid in full in advance. The first room we were allocated was number 20 - in the basement and with no windows smelling of drains and stale cigarettes.  I've never slept in a room without windows as I've never been to jail and I didn't spend £105 for the experience.  When I said the room was unacceptable I was told the hotel was very busy and the only other room they had was a twin bedded room number 203. It did have windows but it was scruffy, dirty, someone had obviously been lying on the bed, the carpet and all the upholstery were stained, the wallpaper was peeling, the door to the room had been kicked in at some stage and…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or925-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, affordable, great location","Checked in here with some trepidation after reading reviews, and having had a negative experience at Russell Hotel. However, I was very pleasantly suprised.  Staff were attentive and helpful. True, the room itself was basic and appeared a bit shabby but was clean and warm and the bed was very comfortable. Has complimentary tea and coffee facilities.TV easy to use and good reception. Good strong shower. Really appreciated the excellent FREE and reliable wireless internet. Cost very reasonable indeed. Overall, would stay there again withouth hesitation and recommend to others.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or925-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great value.,"Stayed one night during Olympics.  Got a good deal for B and B.  Cannot fault hotel in any way.  Nice clean room, great location in beautiful area.  Lovely breakfast.  Staff really friendly and helpful.  Would stay there again without hesitation.		",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or925-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't listen to reviews!,Stayed here for three nights during October and I was worried about staying since reading the reviews but its nothing like them. Could be updated and more selection of snacks and drinks at the bar but overall it was a good stay and would recommend thanks ,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or925-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Britannia hotel hampstead,stayed here for 4 nights from 1st to 5th october 2012 was kinda worried before i got there after some of the reviews i had read on here but i shouldnt have as i found the staff really helpful and my friend and myself are already planning to book here again for next year,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or930-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unpleasant experience at the Brittania,"Unfortunately my husband and I stayed here one night in October for business, room was awful.  Staff were indifferent. When I complained to Reception, no comment was made.  Are the staff too frightened to say anything?   Everything old and worn out. Warning signs up everywhere, (counted about 15 in the car park). Clearly they don't trust their staff or the customers.   Only need one sign on front door 'STAY AT YOUR PERIL'.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or930-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Brittania hotel hamstead,Am sat in bar right at this moment had 2 change room as was a mess and after getting staff in reception 2 stop talking 2  each other  they  said they would come and serve us after 15 mins  in the  reception whilst they still talking we rang reception  to ask could they come and serve us  they choose to ignore that so after asking again they said the woman was on her way we have only been here for 3 hours and have booked for the week we have now rang head office  to find the manager in the hotel as we cannot I'm hoping my review will improve as the days goes on,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or930-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",In need of updating but adequate for a night,"Stayed here for 1 night when at the Paralympics recently. Got a good rate so wasn't expecting too much. We paid a tenner extra for an 'executive' room which was high up (so reasonably quiet), clean with a decent shower and the bed was comfy but you'd be hard pressed to call it 'executive' really.The public areas were a bit shabby. The guy on reception - the only staff member we saw - was friendly enough without being exactly enthusiastic. Breakfast offered a good choice although the hot stuff wasn't particularly well cooked. One of the two lifts sopped working in the morning - seems to be a recurring theme at this hotel.  The hotel is well located and for one night it was fine but I don't think I'd want to stay any longer than that.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or930-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good experience,"The hotel is shabby & in need of major refurbishment. It looks unloved. both externally & internally.  Our bed was clean & the room was clean.  The curtain linings were stained & dirty & one curtain would not close. Only one of 2 lifts was working over our 3 night stay & on the morning we were checking out the remaining lift was being serviced & so no lift was available. As we were on the top floor (5th floor) this was a long way to carry luggage downstairs.  On mentioning this to Reception they shrugged their shoulders & said the lift was being serviced 'end of story'.  The buffet breakfast was indifferent - the 'hot' food was only lukewarm & of poor quality; there were only 2 cereals to choose from, no muesli & no fresh fruit, only tinned fruit.  A disappointing hotel & we…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or930-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not one of the best,"Stayed for one night on business, never again. Customer service at reception good, at bar very poor. Quality of food very bad. Quality of room bad. Location noy to bad 7 mins walk to chalk farm. Parking a joke, very limited space and to crammed.  It is not £10 as advertised. Would not go again.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or935-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The kind of place that you see in a horror movie,"Its a very old building so don't arrive with many expectations, the rooms are ugly, smell musky, the road outside is pretty noisy. The lights in the passage outside my room were flickering so it had a horror movie feel to it. I wouldn't choose it as a hotel for a vacation but if you simply need a place to stay for a night (not longer!) it will do the job. The staff were fairly friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or935-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel iv EVER been too!! dont take NO notice off all the good stuff aload of crap!!,"Well.........were do i start!! poor customer service waited nearly a hour for our room an was nearly late for a wedding that afternoon,our room was dingy an smelly also pillows stunk! the bathroom was awful couldnt dare jumping in that bath for a shower!the bath had dirty stains an paint marks all over it. the carpet was filthy didnt even think to run a hoover round. the sink made such a noise wen stopped the taps. oh worst place ever. breakfast well over priced too. also the manager or who ever they where was very rude. if you wasnt speaking in a different lang part from english they didnt wanna no! dont waste ur money get urself to a cheap travellodge thats wat we would do clean simple an people you can understand!!and not so bloody rude!!",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or935-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Caution Advised,"I stayed here for one night in August after attending a dinner in London. A bit of a last minute deal so I got a got a very good rate - which was just as well as I was confined to the basement despite the hotel being far from full. The room itself was quite large, and both it and the bathroom were well appointed and clean, but even with a fan - there's no air conditioning - it was unbearably hot. Had I paid £120 - the advertised rate - I'd have been as mad as hell!  Breakfast was extra but for a ""bargain"" £8 it was a very well stocked buffet with a good range of both hot and cold offerings. The hotel generally I feel has seen better days and the staff, whilst friendly, seem rather overstreatched (slow bar service). Whilst the hotel is technically in Hampstead the nearest tube is…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or935-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT EVER STAY HERE !,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are dirty and disgusting. the sink in our room was held together with silicone, because of multiple cracks in it. There was a blue substance hanging off of one of the walls in the bathroom. the wall paper was coming away from the wall at every join in the bedroom. The food was revolting. The breakfast left a nasty taste in your mouth, the oil was dripping out of everything. It was made even worse by the staff that couldn't be more rude if they tried. They came across as if they really didn't want to be there and wanted us there even less. Everything was an issue to them and did not want to help in anyway. Out in the front of the hotel another guest said to me that this is the grottiest hotel she had ever stayed in. So As I said…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or935-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",In need of renovation,"This was my second stay at this hotel, having previously stayed in 2009. Our room this time was in the basement and was tiny and very shabby.  The hotel now charges for the car park, which they didn't do in 2009.  I can't bring myself to stay here again even if it is cheap and very close to Camden. Probably best suited to those who just need somewhere to lay their head after a heavy night in London.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or940-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"Just back from a 3 night stay at this hotel.When booking asked for a high floor for the views.Arrived and was told hotel full so was given a basement room.The smell was like a  sewage plant,the room was tiny,hardly room to walk round the bed.Right next to road,could hear people talking as the walked past and cars passing all night.Bedding was soiled,bathroom mouldy and floors dirty.Dirty bedding dumped outside the door.I've stayed in some dodgy youth hostels that were ten times better than this.Complained to reception and was promised a move the next day.Next day came and made sure move was on before going out.Arrived back late due to going  out and low and behold,no rooms available.had to stay in the room from hell another night.Finally got a move on the last night to top floor…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or940-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",city break in london,"very good value and well appointed. rooms clean and very comfortable. spacious by london standards.staff friendly but lackink in knowledge of london tourist attractions.lack of tourist information. very good vaue buffet breakfast in airy restaurant.quiet location between swiss cottage and chalk farm. local pub serving real ale, shops and restaurants close by.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or940-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reviews nearly put us off,"My wife and I stayed at the hotel from 3 to 7 September 2012. Although the hotel was tired in places it was clean, the staff nice and very helpful. Our room was a good size, clean, bedding and towels change every day and a request for extra bath towels was dealt with immediately. The buffet breakfast and dinner had a very good choice and again the restaurant staff very helpful. For the money it was a good place to stay. Situated in a good area where we felt safe walking. Situated close to parks and transport for trips into London city centre.We would stay there again. Mr & Mrs D McKinnon Newton Mearns Scotland",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or940-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dont let the bad reviews put you off,"I have to admit I felt a mixture of worry after I had booked the hotel after seeing the bad reviews but I was more than surprised.  I booked a 3 night stay through a 3rd party booking agent, fantastic value for money with 3 nights costing just under £150.    The hotel staff were very helpful and upon arriving with my 7 year old son were quick to accommodate us in a room on the 4th Floor that had a balcony which meant that we could sit outside and away from the bar on the evening.   The breakfast was lovely and so reasonably priced, it set us up for our days sight seeing and with the tube being a 5-8 minute walk from the hotel it couldnt have been in a better location.  Yes, the rooms do need some updating but they were clean, comfortable and the service from the employees was…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or940-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely area, poor hotel despite low rates for London","It was in the area we wanted to stay in to be close to family. Nothing much else to recommend it. Room was fine and well priced. The breakfast was beyond horrible and the staff needed training. Difficult to get any information as to how to get anywhere locally on the bus as lack of local knowledge. Bar was badly staffed, dirty and the tables left for hours. The dining room was gloomy, staff were hopeless.Tables and cutlery dirty.  Fruit juice jugs and coffee pots not replenished. Standard of food abysmal and we were delighted to find a wonderful cafe round the corner for breakfast for the rest of our stay. Shame to have a hotel so badly run in such a lovely area. .  Such a shame in a lovely area with a shortage of hotels.  With proper management and staff training combined with…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or945-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be put off by the reviews!,I have just returned from staying at this hotel and had a very good time. I booked using the hotels own website and my request for a top floor room I made was granted. I phoned the hotel in advance to ask about dropping our bags off before check in and was told by a very polite gentleman this would be possible. It allowed us to arrive in London early and not to have to use left luggage at euston. The hotel is very convenient for central London just 3 stops up from euston at chalk farm on the northern line. Our room was spacious with a good sized bathroom and power shower in the bath and nice selection of toiletries. The room was in good decorative order but not new. The TV had good selection of basic channels but was an older type  not flat screen lcd picture was perfect though.…,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or945-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't recommend,"I stayed here with my son on the eve of my brothers wedding, the first disappointment was we had to pay for parking there! £10 per night, which we had to pay twice for! This was however refunded for the first payment. We got to our twin room and it looked like something out of the 70's.  The bathroom was clean although there was a crack in the sink, the mirror light didn't work and the shower was impossible to use.  The carpet felt dirty underfoot, the window was fixed open and was filthy with cobwebs in all corners and the curtains didn't close properly.  To top it all off, when I woke the next morning I noticed I had been sleeping on a dirty bed sheet, the valance around the bed was covered in tomato ketchup (at least I hope that is what it was). I mentioned it to the…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or945-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"This hotel is excellent value for money. Rooms were clean, modern and bed was reall comfortable. Hotel staff were all very nice and friendly. Great stay, Shane not all Lindon hotels are of this standard at a great price! ",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or945-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",advice,"Been using tripadvisor for a while now.Never again will i take others opinions on hotels.Just got back from a 2 night stay at the hotel britannia hampststead and what a very good hotel it was.Very clean, staff very helpful, and for what we paid exeptional value.Dont believe the knockers give the place a try.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or945-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"Just returned after enjoying a two night break at this hotel. The hotel is in a good location. I do agree with other comments that the hotel is in need of updating but the room we had on the third floor was of a good size, kept very clean and had a nice clean bathroom. Breakfasts were excellent with plenty of choice and cooked well. We found all the staff to be most helpful and very friendly. If you are looking for a 5 * hotel then this may not be for you but if you want a good value for money hotel in a good location offering excellent breakfasts then you should consider this hotel.  This was our second visit and we will definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or950-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money on Executive rooms,"We made the mistake of believing the hotel website saying ""limited availability"" so booked early,  only to discover that there were any amount of rooms for considerably less nearer the time. We opted for an ""Executive Room"" (an extra £10 a night) which couldn't have been much smaller.  When we questioned Reception, we were told that Executive Rooms were larger and had bigger double beds.  As the bed was only 4'6"" wide, I dread to think how small the ones in standard rooms are !!  As other reviewers have noted, it is all rather tired and if you happen to stay on nights when the weather is quite hot, be warned that there is no air conditioning and for safety reasons the windows only open a few inches.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or950-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Bit of a Blur,"Stayed here on 12th August. We had been to see the Blur concert in Hyde Park so it was just a place to rest our heads. I can't comment on the restaurant as we didn't eat or have breakfast there.  We arrived back fairly late after watching Blur, but the bar was still open and was very reasonably priced. My friend ordered a beef sandwich but the bread was inedible so he just ate the beef.  The room was OK, first floor and nothing special, furnished a bit dated as with all Britannias, but it was adequate as a place to sleep for the night. The noise of the traffic outside was quite loud as we couldn't figure out how to close the window, but we were both knackered so had a good nights sleep all the same.  I would stay here again if attending an event in London as it is cheap and…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or950-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel needs a complete makeover,"Stayed at this hotel on the 18th August 2012.  Totally disappointed.  Got to my room 113, curtain hanging down, furniture old and marked, no air conditioning.  WI FI not working.  It was like staying at an old guest house, not what I would expect from Britannia.  Never again",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or950-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",great location- hotel tired but cheap for london,"We arrived and were lucky to get a space in the car park (£10)( there aren't many- apparently there is a multi- storey at swiss cottage). we were given a lower ground floor room - dreadful, no windows, tiny room, and it was the hottest day of the year so far. I went back up to reception and asked for a room with a window. They said there were only twins which i happily accepted. From the new room we could see some of london, and the room was quite big with a bath, but very dated and scruffy. the buffet breakfast was fine, but the main point is this is a cheap place for london and perfect for going out in Camden and Primrose Hill but still quiet at night.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or950-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable for the money,"We stayed here for a night for the Olympics, and were worried having read the reviews after booking. The decor in the room was tired and the bed not very comfortable, but it was clean and the shower good. Breakfast perfectly adequate, and the staff cheerful and helpful. I felt we had paid a reasonable price for a London hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or955-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No Complaints,"Stayed for one night during the olympics and the hotel did what it said on the tin. Comfortable room, power shower and a brilliant breakfast, all you could eat. Didn't eat on an evening but prices looked great value for London. I have seen the negative comments but my experience was positive and I would go again. The price and location is good value for what you get considering it is in 'rip off' London",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or955-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't even THINK about it.,"Two night stay in August.  Despite check in being 2pm we had to wait another 20mins in a very run down and badly stained carpeted reception area before our room was ready. On arrriving at our second floor room I was shocked to see its condition. Bedding and towels are clean but the funiture is dreadfully badly worn, fabric on chairs is dirty, stained  and ripped, wallpaper is ancient and peeling, window frames are rotting with damp, mold is growing up the sides of the windows and there junk in the bottom of the window frames which hasn't been cleaned out in months if not longer; luke warm water was the best that could be had out of the shower and the thick black whisker left in the basin was not appreciated though a few tissues and a tiolet brush would have been. All of the…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or955-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overall happy,"One night stay, staff friendly and helpful.  Hotel needs updating, but the price we paid for the location was very good.  Our room was large and had a beautiful view of the city, it was clean and beds comfy.  Enjoyed the meals also, set evening meal, all you can eat, very good price 3 course, less than £10 and other meals good value.  Paid for bed & breakfast, and again large choice of food and drinks.  Air conditioning a bit noisy, but after all the walking up hills slept well!  Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or955-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed for family wedding,"Stayed two nights ,quick easy check in given room on 5th floor.Room good size and clean.Great location for us as we were attending wedding in area.Staff very helpful when enquired about parking and use of a parking permit we were given by family member.The only thing I would say it was very noisy outside at night but that is nothing to do with hotel just a busy road saying that I still managed to sleep.Breakfast fine and good value .I normally stay at Premier Inn when in this area but as all wedding party where staying in this hotel we decided we all wanted to be in same hotel I would say I would stay again this hotel is fine and all staff very friendly",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or955-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Olympic stay,"We stayed here for 3 nights. Easy check in and check out.  The room was very big with in effect 2 rooms 1 for myself and my  husband and 1 for our 2 boys (which would normally be a sitting area).  I'd read the reviews before we left but the room was clean and serviced every day.  The furniture and bathroom are a bit dated but we just lived out of our cases as we were out of the hotel straight after breakfast and back at bedtime. The staff were generally helpfull  but we did have to ask at reception for someone to come to the bar. My husband found 1 member of staff to find this an inconvenience even though it was his job.  We had burger and chips and at £3.50 was good value.  The breakfasts had plenty of choice, (similar to some premiere inns) and filled you up for a day of sight…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or960-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",I have stayed in worse hotels that cost more,"Having read the other reviews I was pre-warned about the basement rooms. On arrival we were told to take the lift to floor  -1.  I asked if our room could be changed as I didn't want a basement room and although there was not a double available, we were offered a twin on the third floor which we accepted. The room was light and airy and had plenty of space.  I have stayed in worse rooms in more expensive hotels.  As we were going out to dinner in Camden Town the location was excellent, and even if we had been going further afield, there are worse places than Chalk Farm to get to.  You can take the 31 bus up Adelaide Road if you can't manage the walk.  Would definitely stay again should the need arise and have no hesitation in recommending the hotel for a cheap and cheerful…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or960-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","It's cheap (but not necessarily cheerful), but it could be worse.","Stayed here for a couple of nights in August 2012 with my Mum. Overall pretty tired looking, but rooms were actually pretty comfortable with a good clean bed and a pretty decent shower. No air con though. Buffet breakfast was okay, although you could tell that it was all 'budget' food. Only thing I really would have liked changed to the breakfast would be for it to have a facility for making fresh hot drinks, as they just leave out jugs of hot water for tea which end up going luke-warm (bad enough) and other jugs full of coffee (which my Mum tells me as a non-coffee drinker were definately not good). Check-in and check-out were both fairly quick and they will store your luggage for free at the end of your stay which is a nice change (seeing as a lot of hotels seem to charge per…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or960-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as you think,"Ok it needs updating  but it's in a good location the food is ok, it's cheap for London and it's actually not bad. There's no air con and buffet menu is pretty poor but the bar food is good and cheap beer is reasonable and the rooms are ok, overall cheap n chearful nice staff!! You get what you pay for it's not the ritz and it's not the ritz prices!!!!!!!",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or960-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","tolerable, but tired","well located hotel in leafy Belsize Park.. not really Hampstead. Would have thought  the location would  give a better quality. OK for one nights stay, but decor very tired - stains on carpets; wallpaper shrivelled and  bent; windows not cleaned,  On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and the room had been properly serviced. The cooked breakfast, at £8.75 offered good value.  Safe area to park  on the road outside  at weekends. No traffic noise.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or960-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DONT READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS!,"me and my boyfriend have just got back from this hotel today. and first thing i said i would do after re reading all them bad reviews before coming would comment on how wrong the reviews are. we didnt expect much after the reviews but then when we arrived and got settled we seemed to think we were reading a wrong review about a different hotel. but i surpose thats my view, we booked this hotel for 2nights, we stayed on floor 2 so not bad (as i hate first floors). as people know its been 30 degrees in london past few days could of done with a fan in the room but we managed. the rooms are basic but its what you expect for a hotel you only need the main things etc, showerroom tele bed. our room was fine we slept well no complaints there. we also had breakfast two days running and…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or965-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","For a student, we didn't mind it.",We stayed here for three nights at the end of June. The decor is dated and they do need to seriously address that however our 2nd floor room was clean and well sized (bar the carpet being gross near the corner of the room near the window) and the bathroom was clean and the shower was good. It isn't a super quick walk to chalk farm (10 mins) but there is a bus 2 seconds from the hotel that goes straight to the station if you feel lazy. This same bus also goes to Camden markets. The location was great and I really liked the area.  Being both students we thought it was good value for money. My parents also stayed in the hotel after deciding to follow me to London and they were amused/horrified by the hotel and wouldnt stay again. I would stay again if I was doing London on a…,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or965-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A VERY tired place,"I was put up at this hotel while in London twice over the past couple months for business... it is VERY tired and run down...   Positives:  Good location, bar open late if you stay there, good water pressure and generally the bathrooms were pretty well taken care of.  Complimentary coffee and water boiler was solid.  The fourth floor (where I was the whole time) had a cool balcony that you could hang out on which is a huge plus.  Negatives:  No ventilation!  dead air in the rooms and you can't open the doors on the 4th floor unless you pay a 5 pound deposit... weird....  The beds are an atrocity and one of your party actually slept on the floor because he swears that his bed had no mattress just box springs.. thats basically what mine felt like too.  Very old furniture and TV...…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or965-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best but not as bad as these reviews make out,"I booked my stay in this hotel for a couple of nights as i was down in london visiting friends. I may be a grim northener (Im from manchester) but the only 2 things that really matter to me are cleanliness and comfort. Lets be honest here, you only really need a hotel to sleep at night n get ready in the mornings, the rest of the time you will be out.   I made the rookie mistake of booking the hotel BEFORE i read the reviews, and i was mortified with what i read, but decided to just carry on and not change my reservation because i was feeling lazy. Worse case scenario i could always make a scene at reception, get my money back and go somewhere else right?  with full knowledge of the bad reviews, especially of the so called ""dungeon"" i set off. Right away dont believe what it…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or965-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable for the price and location,"Needed a cheap place to stay that was close to Camden and had on-site parking. Britannia fitted both these requirements. Have to qualify this review though, because had I paid more than £45, it would have been lacking somewhat. Car park is quite a squeeze and you'll have to park VERY carefully to avoid a bump or scrape. Receptionist was very welcoming and friendy. Initially put in room next to the lift, but asked to change and this was done quickly and with good grace. Fantastic view from 4th floor across the City of London. Yes, the decor was dated, (the light fitting like something from a French Chateau), but it was all clean, well maintained and the bed was perfectly comfortable. Can't comment on the Brekkie, as made the short walk to lovely Primrose Hill to a local cafe.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or965-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",bad bad bad,"The worst experience of my life.bad customer support, guy from reception didn't know how to do matematics and my price for room was changed, furniture smels verry bad,  no air cond, no fragrance ,almost all things broken, i was scarred to try any breackfast or launch.thei shoul ask for 30 gbp per night not 100 .",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or970-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","No windows, boiling room, broken TV","My room had no windows or air conditioning so there was no way to regulate the temperature. It was uncomfortablly hot and stuffy all night so I didn't sleep very well.  The TV was broken and I asked at reception if they could have a look at it but nothing was done about it.  When I went down for breakfast, I was told that I needed a receipt from reception, so I queued at reception only to be told I didn't need a receipt.  I don't reccomend this hotel and won't be staying here again.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or970-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected after recent reviews.,"We stayed here for 3 nights for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. When we booked 3 months ago the trip advisor comments were OK, but recently the comments have been bad. We arrived with some trepidation, but all was well! Check-in went smoothly. We were in a room on the fifth floor which had reasonable views accross London. We had a 5 foot double which was comfortable. The room was clean. The only negative was that some of the wallpaper looked as if it had been hung by Chimpanzees! There was tea and coffee in the room and a trouser press; an easy chair and table; dressing table and chair and a TV. The bathroom had a shower over the bath and was a reasonable size and clean. The buffet breakfast was included in our package. There was plenty of choice, full English, continental…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or970-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Simple and honest: Does exactly what it says on the tin.,"Britannia didn't profess to be five star luxury so I don't know what previous reviewers are whining about. The hotel was clean and spacious and the staff attentive and welcoming.  Food is simple, but hearty and this includes both breakfast and dinner. Buffet style, which means you can help yourself :)  I can't help but notice the attitude of some of the other guests. I know the south is supposed to be less friendly than the north (I say this as a proud Mancunian), but I have just witnessed someone be downright rude to the front of house staff.  The lady concerned was with a lady in a wheelchair and I know that things can be difficult as a carer, but retaining ones politeness is important too. Staff were trying to get this lady a taxi and because they didn't do this in a…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or970-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay and fab service,"Having checked Tripadvisor before going away, I was skeptical about the stay but i have to say i was pleasently surprised!!  The rooms and hotel are slightly dated, but the cleaniness and great customer service are the most important parts to trips. Breakfast was great- wide selection and never too busy and staff always happy to meet you needs.   One downside to our stay was the heat in the rooms. Having no AC in the room and the window having a restriction it was very very hard to sleep due to the excessive heat.  The room had all the amenities you need for a comfortable stay and always had fresh towels and clean and tidy room. We chose a quiet room which was at the back of the building which was perfect.  Would definiatly stay again, Hotel in a great location and service was…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or970-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","very dated rooms, but great customer service","I stayed here in May as part of  business trip, whilst working in London for a few days.  I must say i was disappointed with the standard of the room i stayed in.  I smelled quite strongly of stale cigarette smoke and the furnishings were dated to say the least. The hotel was booked through the company i work for unfortunately; as i personally wouldn't have chosen to stay there.  However, the food was really nice and there was plenty of it.  The staff were exceptionally helpful, friendly and polite.  i wouldn't choose to stay here again,  but if the hotel updated the rooms i do feel it would be a nice place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or975-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",spot on !!!!!!!,"Just stayed at this hotel for two nights while visiting RHS Chelsea and thought I would give a little feedback , and credit where it,s due . Yes the hotel is in need of a little updating in decor and fittings , but the staff are warm and friendly (not always the case in the capital)and the meals where very good too, breakfast in particular .We found the rooms to be clean and well serviced with nothing too much trouble for the staff .So come on you guy,s with all the negative stuff. it,s a cheap hotel just a few miles from London . If you want 5 star , then pay price",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or975-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Another perfect stay,"We stayed here 26th May for two nights.  We regularly use Britannia and usually check there site first for promotions.  We arrived and found that the same reception from last time was there and she remembered us!! our room was on the top floor, we had never been there before, it was spotless clean usual tea coffee things, bed was comfortable, the shower was perfect.  We had breakfast on the Saturday which was brill and set us up for the day.  When we came back from the Sunshine boys show which is excellent we asked fro bottles water and ice to be sent up which was.  Didn't have breakfast sunday as we were meeting friends who live in campden, its so easy to get to campden, we went to the market etc and had a great time.  Nice hotel, nice staff, good food perfect location.  Oh and…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or975-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good location,"Only 5 minutes walk from Chalk Farm tube station, big plus only 3 stops into London for all the key connections for all the tube lines at Kings Cross.As we approached the hotel we thought what have we let ourseves in for. Does not look as though a window cleaner has been there since it was built!!Some of the brickwork looked as thought it was cracking, so from the outside looked very shabby. Entered a clean spacious reception. Our room was not ready but pleasant guy on reception said no problem leave the bags as we explained we were on our way to Wembley for a football match. When we returned given the keys. The room was clean but the furniture was very tired and the room smelt a little 'fusty'. We opened the windows. All the bedding was clean so not such a big problem. Only…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or975-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe! Unclean! Unjustifiably expensive!,"I stayed here on business during May 2012. I've stayed in many, many London hotels - and this has to be one of the worst of them all.  If you're driving here, firstly beware of the car park - small, cramped, impossible to navigate around - fair enough, this is London and space is at a premium, but it's ridiculous at this hotel. On top of that, it's an absolute rip off - as is the charge for 'credit card handling'. Why should these charges even exist anymore?  Upon check-in, prepare to be greeted by staff who literally look as if they're annoyed that they have had to get out of bed this morning. And this is the best bit - the room. I was on the bottom floor, and my window opened up onto the street adjacent to the hotel. The lock was broken - I could've avoided the check-in desk…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or975-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Nice area, Hotel  Hap hazard","The hotel is in a nice area about 10 minutes walk from Chalk Farm Tube station,The road is on a slight incline I had broke my ankle a few weeks before and was glad to be in a wheel chair.We arrived early and as we were going to a rugby match we left our bags at the reception.We didnt want  to pay the £10 extra to get our room as we were going to twickenham straight away.The reception was clean with free papers.We sat in the bar area,It  has a glass wall looking into the dining area.It looked a bit tacky with about 10 advertisements for hotels stuck on the glass.Our room was  clean and quite big with a view onto the main road.The window didnt have any soundproofing so any traffic at night could be heard.Beds were comfortable and bathroom small but clean.Our  friends stayed at the…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or980-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay,"Really poor room which despite booking on line, we were charged £10 more than the rate displayed in reception.  Really shabby room which has a unclean feel and a damp, old smell about it.   The furniture was shabby and had not been dusted for a while.  We couldn't bring ourselves to have breakfast there and had to walk down the road in the rain to get something.  Overall a bad experience and we couldn't wait to leave.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or980-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An insult to the Hampstead people,"This hotel is a joke! I was given a room which looked so old and sad that I felt genuinly sorry for people who are planning to spend more than 1 night. The wooden furniture had a smell from the 70s.  The chairs were soiled, nearly half of the lights were not working.  Staff are foreigners with very little understanding of the basic rules of customer care.  An absolute joke!",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or980-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay at this hotel,Just returned after enjoying a three night break at this hotel.  The hotel is in a good location.  I do agree with other comments that the hotel is in need of refurbishment but the twin room we had on the first floor was very clean with comfy beds and a good clean bathroom.  Breakfasts were excellent with plenty of choice and all cooked well.  We found all the staff to be most helpful and very friendly and we will definitely go back to this hotel.  If you are looking for a 5 * hotel then this may not be for you but if you want reasonable accommodation and good breakfasts in a good location then this hotel would be worth considering.,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or980-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reminiscent of a dungeon,"We were given an underground basement room, with no windows. The room was very small, so two people sleeping/showering in it with no fresh air made for a very stuffy weekend. I personally think a room with no windows is unacceptable for somewhere charging hotel prices - I have stayed in bunk houses that offer more comfort. Additionally the bed was terrible, with a mattress that was collapsed down the middle. However the biggest joke came from the bathroom - the shower curtain rail was not long enough for the space it occupied, so beer cans had been stuffed in between the pole and walls. I asked to be moved to a different room, but the (rather unfriendly) staff informed me that the only alternative was a smoking room (the smell was intolerable). Breakfast was disappointing...the…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or980-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but VERY tired,"The pros - clean sheets and towels, efficient (enough) heating, plentiful hot water, free (for now) Wi-Fi.  The cons - VERY tired decor and furniture. Jaded public areas. Single-glazed windows. No air-conditioning. Noisy plumbing. People smoking outside the front door in their pyjamas!  Like the remainder of Alex Langsam's Britannia Hotel chain, this hotel is in urgent need of MAJOR investment. Offering complimentary (if temporary) Wi-Fi access to the hotel's ""esteemed"" guests does not compensate for a lack of investment in the other basics.   Certainly a cheap enough option for a short stay in London, but a Premier Inn (or similar) would offer similar pricing and much better quality.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or985-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,Stayed at this hotel in February with my two children .. Our room was on the top floor it was dated and damp !!! We booked for breakfast and evening meal none to which was edible !!! Never would we stay here again .,Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or985-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","No windows, terrible bed","quite a handy location for the tube and the park. However we were put in a room with no windows (so got bery stuffy and claustraphobic) and the most uncomfortable bed ever- the mattress had clearly gone so why hadn't it been replaced? Breakfast was overpriced, with possibly the cheapest sausages on the market.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or985-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, large room at a great price!","My boyfriend and I stayed here last minute in early December 2011. I booked the hotel the day before we were set to arrive, and I booked it through booking.com so I think that's why the room was at a reduced rate.   It was a basement room, so no windows, but it never felt closed-in or claustrophobic at all. The bathroom was nice and clean, as was the room, and the shower had the best water pressure of anywhere I've stayed in London! The room was probably the largest I've stayed in while in London.   The hotel couldn't have been in a better location, just a short walk (less than a mile) from the nearest tube station, and it was located in a safe area of London. I felt safe walking around late at night with my boyfriend, without fear of being mugged or robbed.   I would definitely…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or985-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but dated,Hotel is within about 10 mins to Chalk Farm station. Is a bit dated decor wise and rooms look very tired. Rom we had (a twin) was perfectly clean. Bathroom clean and shower quite powerful. Got breakfast deal of 2 people for 10 which was a good buffet. Everything from full English to continental options. Food was hot and plentiful. Had free wifi in room and signal was good and strong. If hotel wuss painted and rooms redecorated it would be more attractive. the wallpaper is particularly odd .. Looks like someone put it up wrong. Nice pub by the way called Washington which was a good find about 5 mins walk away. ,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or985-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",a joke of a hotel,considering paid nearly £80 a night was a complete rip off. plus points: bathroom in decent state and bed comfortable.  bad points: no tv - just a fuzzy channel 5 barely any internet - constant disconnect room has major noise and draught issues if you face front of hotel rude staff on asking why TV and internet not working after checking in. buffet food in evening not fresh at all. don't even bother allowing charge to room for dinner or breakfast - vouchers - so dated.  considering here for business for 2 days - cannot believe tht it is in this dated state. and cannot believe no tv and barely internet whiost here.  would avoid if you can.  terrible - in a worse state than a travellodge.,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or990-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but a bit dated ok for base camp,This was our second stay at this hotel 3 years apart ok as a base for London near tube station chalk farm on Northen line 10 min stroll good connections for going anywhere a 15 min walk from Camden town   rooms a bit dated only problem we had was the toilet flush and the curtains where not blackout and as soon as the sun came up we were awake we  would stay here gain staff friendly and helpfull ,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or990-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, comfortable and affordable","We got the hotel in a theatre package, we have stayed at a few hotels in London now under a similar deal.  The hotel is ideally located off the northern line, and the same line that goes to west end.  The room is spacious and clean, although is dated, customer service staff were excellent, we had a lovely bathroom and comfy bed. We had a very old tv and that's my only criticism, it would of really topped it off to have a a flat screen tv which was bracketed to the wall. We were impressed by a generous helping of tea and coffee, and the obvious soaps ect.  We had a continental breakfast included in our package and but paid 5 each, per person per day to upgrade to all you can eat full English, which was lovely! Lots of juices to taste from!.  Luckily also at the time they had…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or990-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, lovely location, nice room but shame no window!","We paid £45 for our room- it was clean, modern and very good value. It was let down by the fact it had no window- we would have preferred to have known this before we arrived. The hotel is located in a very good area, a short walk from the tube and local restaurants. You can't really fault it for the price! ",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or990-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Cozy, Old Fashioned London Style","We had a wonderful six night stay at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel.  It was comfortable and cozy and old-fashioned (not fancy) which is what my wife and I enjoy because we are ages 62 and 64.  It had the special feel of London.  The room was big with a great shower and tub for tall people.  We enjoyed the daily in-room make your own tea and coffee.  The hotel was conveniently close to the Northern line tube which made going to areas of London easy.  We would recommend this for couples who are looking for comfort and space, rest and value, but not wanting fancy or new.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or990-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but clean - great location,We had an overnight stay having come to London to visit the V+A . Didn't know much about the area but pleased to find it was so close to camden. Initially shown to a double room that had clearly been updated recently and to a high standard but our booking agents had not mentioned our request for a twin so we were quickly and easily moved. We ended up on the third floor and our room was tired but immaculatly clean. We had everything we needed in the room and delighted to find great views over London including the Gherkin and to our right BT tower. The staff were genuinley helpful and freindly. I have no doubt that we will be looking to stay here again on our next trip to london.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or995-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",clean but neglected,"its hard to be positive when on entering a hotel on check in,your ninety pound hotel room is debited for one hundred and forty pounds in case of damage to a room,which on entering looks like something from the set of life on mars.we have been asured however by the uncomfortably fixed smiley staff that only the ninety pounds has now been deducted as we left the room intact.positives were the room was clean and smelled fresh and an all you can eat breakfast was available(via a voucher from the reception,again a bit odd)for five pounds.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or995-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Decent reasonably priced hotel,"Overall there is a sense that this hotel was really lovely about 20 years ago, but now seems a little tired in places. The decor is dated and the rooms are in need of some TLC. However, my room was also clean, comfortable and spacious so I could live with some scuffed furniture!   Location-wise the hotel is in a safe area and close to some really lovely parts of London such as Hampstead Heath and Primrose Hill. There are also some good restaurants within 2 minutes walk of the hotel.   The staff were all very professional and the housekeeping staff in particular were very friendly. They had a deal on where you got two cooked breakfasts for £10 and this was a good value option with all the usual buffet breakfast stuff.   On the whole the hotel is a good budget option for a lovely…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or995-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service,"Just returned from a very comfortable stay at the Britania. The rooms were a good size and extremely clean although a little dated in places. Service was excellent - we needed an iron which was brought to our room promptly and when the hairdryer didn't work we were brought a brand new one within minutes. Beds were very comfortable and we slept well. We had breakfast in the hotel each day as part of our package and the choice was very good, with full range of cooked items, fruit, yoghurt, cereal, breads, cheese and ham and even porridge. Was slightly dissapionted there was no meusli but thats just me and some of the hot things looked as though they had been there a while but we did eat at the end of service and  they tasted fine.Additional items such as fired eggs could also be…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or995-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The good points as well as bad! But value for money for London!,Tuesday 13th - 15th March Arrived told our Room number 214 went up to the room upon exiting the lift saw a dog going in to a room (very puzzling) And the smell of stale cigarette smoke along the corridor! Put the key in the room (at this point very apprehensive) And pleasantly surprised although tired decor it was clean and plenty of room storage and very decent bathroom (bath filled within 5 minutes)! We ate at the hotel three times first we just had burger and chips (£3.50)  very nice Bottle of house white was £9.50 again it was nice for the money! second night we had the all you can eat 3 course meal for £9.95 it was well worth the money and again a few bottles of wine and cider for the daughter! We also had the all you can eat breakfast which for 2 was £10.50 and was very…,Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or995-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant hotel, good value for money!","Me and my partner stayed at this hotel whilst visiting London for the weekend. We booked through Superbreak and had read some reviews on here and weren't expecting a lot, but we were pleasantly surprised.   We arrived quite early and didn't expect to be able to check in however our room was ready and the staff let us check in. The room was lovely inside, maybe basic but had everything we needed and was much better than we expected. The bathroom suite with a bath and shower was great, the bed was very comfy, and tea and coffee facilities were available. The staff were very friendly and helpful as we were new to London and gave us some advice of where we could go locally for drinks, food etc. Both mornings the breakfast was great, plenty of choice and a great start to our days…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1000-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled Booking Nightmare,"Booked well in advance for 7 rooms for 2 days. When I arrived was told that they had been cancelled by their central booking service. Nobody called or ever explained why. 5 of the rooms booked were twins and after 50 minutes wait, I was told that there were none available and we had to take a double room with a single put up bed. By which time it was getting late and there were few options available nearby for my party. Really felt let down.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1000-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again....no reasons why not!,"We stayed 3 nights here on a mum and daaughter trip to London and have no negative comments to make and would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a clean bed, great location and a decent breakfast.  OK, it is a bit tired in places but this did not affect our stay.  Our check in was quick and receptionist friendly and helpful.  We detected the stink of stale cigarette smoke as soon as we walked into the corridor but luckily our room was not same.  Room was on the 2nd floor at the back of the hotel and had a decent view (avoid looking directly down and you will miss the venting system/pipes etc!) as in the distance we could see famous skyline of the City of London.  The room was large, furniture slightly dated and had seen better days but had two very comfy clean beds,…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1000-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",london break with superbreak,"stayed at this hotel last weekend,fantastic value for money. the staff were so helpful and friendly. breakfast was nice and hot with a great choice , lovely location in a residental area but only a 5 - 6 minute walk from chalk farm tube. the room was very clean and comfortable with crisp white linen bedding.complimentary toiletries(its not often you get them in a 3 star hotel )i really dont know what people find to complain about, so what if the rooms are little outdated,or they havent got a plasma tv,if you want a boutique room then book a boutique hotel !!! will definately stay here again on our next trip to london",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1000-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","john,durham","The first thing we noticed when we walked in the room was the condensation on the inside of the windows with all the windows shut, the room was outdated and not what we would call comfortably clean, there were chips out of the bath room tiles, the toilet system kept sticking. My wife had to change one of the pillows because of stains on the inside of the pillow; to their credit they did give us two new ones. The room was classed as a family room with an open door leading to the grandchildrens room which comprised of two beds in the middle of the room with no headboards on and right next to the lift.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1000-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",london break & show,hotel was clean staff friendly but location was not good for west end etc two buses and tube change,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1005-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value convennient accomodation in central London,"Central London on a budget, then this could be the ticket, you can get a dinner, bed and breakfast deal for around the same price as Travel Lodge where no meals are included. Yes as other reviewers have said the style is a bit dated, however my room was clean and it was great for just a stop over for my work. I appreciated the offer of continental breakfast delivered to my room as I had to leave before breakfast was served. As also mentioned there is parking, but limited and payable, however it is possible to park free overnight in surrounding streets which a re reasonably quiet and seem safe. My room could have benefitted from double glazing as the windows were large and it was a freezing cold night.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1005-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good value for the area,"Only stayed 1 night, as we were going to a gig at Camden Roundhouse. The Hotel is as hort walk from Chalk Farm tube + situated in quite a reasonable area, felt perfectly safe walking back to hotel in early of the morning. We had a basement room, which was nice + quiet. Room was perfectly warm enough for the coldest day of the year. Can't fault the room at all + breakfast was plentiful + varied (toaster didn't appear to have much impact on the bread though!) Reception staff were very nice + helpful too. We will definetly stay again next time we go to Camden.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1005-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",nice stay,"As always with Britannia hotels, this was tired....furniture scratched and everything looking well used and worn. However, it was clean , comfortable and in a fairly good location. Staff were etremely pleasant  and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. The food was of a high standard ( tasty and well presented). Breakfast was really good, with plenty of choice and very polite staff.The couch bed in the room was a bit 'tired' and hard. Our request for extra quilts was dealt with right away. Staff even came and made it up as a bed for us. For £ 114 for three people, I'd say that was exceptionally good value for money, particlularly in London.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1005-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good value,We stayed here for two nights for my birthday in December. Room was a little tired but it was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was very good and the staff quite friendly. Enjoyed our stay and not too far to walk to Chalk Farm Tube station. Will certainly return sometime.,Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1005-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but needs updating,Very tired hotel needs to be updated no hot water at 18.00 when needed shower good breakfast No wifi in rooms ,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1010-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms very clean but need updating. Food very good value for money 3 course all you can eat buffet on a evening for £9.99. Overall good value ,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1010-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleased!,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel for a few nights from 9th February and were very impressed. The staff were very helpful and welcoming.  Our room was on the top floor and afforded a lovely view of the local area with The City of London in the background.  Primrose Hill is a lovely area and quiet.  The room was very nice and clean - maybe a little dated but can't be faulted for that.  Food was good and reasonably priced.  Nice bar and dining area and excellent breakfast selections.  Overall, will definately consider returning to the Britannia Hampstead!",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1010-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I stayed in this hotel for one night on a business trip.  For the money in London I was not expecting too much but I was very pleasantly surprised.  Yes, as with some of the other reviews, the hotel has seen better days but I found the room very clean and it had everything I would normally expect.  It is a little noisy and the walls are a little thin.  The bed was a little uncomfortable for me as I could feel the springs through it, but I slept okay. The staff were welcoming and very friendly.  I ate in the restaurant on the first evening and for breakfast. It was self service on both occasions but the food was tasty and good value for money.   For cheap accommodation near the tube this is fine. I will stay again.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1010-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!,"What a great find! this hotel has it all for a budget break . It was easy to find , very quick to check in and lovely helpful staff. As previous reviews the hotel is in need of updating but in the current climate I understand this is not always possible, and it doesn't affect the experience at all. Another bonus is the cheap parking and even after check out they allow you to continue to use the carpark for only £2 an hour!! ideal if you want to have an extra day in London! Close to chalk farm tube ( approx 8 mins walk away) and a few mins from lovely primrose hill with its cafes and shops. Online booking deals made this a cheap and very cheerful break. We checked in at 2pm went for a walk and then got ready to go out , the staff gave us a tube map and wrote down how to get to…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1010-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre and sight-seeing break,"We stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights on a theatre and sight-seeing break.  It was relatively easy to get into the centre of London, but was nice to be able to stay in a pleasant residential area.  The building has seen better days, but the room was warm and comfortable.  The staff were welcoming and friendly.  The breakfasts were excellent with a comprehensive choice of food and drink.  We ate in the restaurant on one evening.  The meal was self service, but was tasty and good value for money.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1015-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and cheap but I wouldn't stay again,"I was concerned when I read the other reviews, I hadn’t made the booking for this hotel and did try to get our group to stay somewhere else, but the booking had been made.  The upside: very clean, good shower, big towels, helpful staff and very cheap. Room includes hairdryer, basic shower gel, soap, kettle, tea & coffee.  The downside; single glazed windows which means it’s noisy, rooms are very faded, old furniture which is crammed into the room, the walls are paper thin and you can hear people in the next door bathroom. Broken chain lock on my door (317) but I didn’t notice until I’d arrived back after supper and I was too tired to start moving rooms.  I think the corporate rate we secured was £60 inc VAT and breakfast which is incredible for London.  If you are looking for…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1015-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Spacious & clean rooms, quiet neighbourhood","What I immediately liked about this hotel is the spacious rooms - at least on the first floor.  The bed was big (though not the most comfortable I've slept it, but it'll do) and the room featured a couch and coffee table, as well as a little foyer.  It was great for slowly waking up and having coffee.  Each room has a kettle with an assortment of teas and coffee with little packets of milk, which I REALLY appreciated.  There is a spacious bureau to unpack and a closet.  Hairdryer is included and is key for traveling light.  The neighborhood was quiet and felt safe.  The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Chalk Farm tube stop, which was lovely and just off the path enough to relax.  It's a 15 minute walk to the London Zoo and Regents Park, which were both lovely.    The…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1015-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",room without a view,"This was the worst hotel bedroom i have ever been offered in a hotel. Our room did not have a window and when I asked for a different room I was told that the room I was in was in one of the hotels better rooms! After changing to a room with a window albeit a much smaller room i went to the bar to order a diet coke, After the bar lady had poured me a drink i asked her to put it on my room, she said after checking that i did not have any credit for my room,I said that i had given my credit card details to reception, she shrugged and  i explained i had no cash on me, so she poured the drink down the sink.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1015-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, functional, but needs a makeover","I've stayed in this hotel a few times in the past few years and have returned not because it's the best in any particular category, but overall it can serve a purpose.  The upsides are: location - very good for transport, yet not amid the noise and mayhem of the west end; reasonably priced - if you get an online deal; good local amenities - excellent pub, with real ales and food, plus a couple of good restaurants and a quaint breakfast place; car parking spaces - though they've cottoned on to this and started charging an extra £10 or so a day.  The downsides?  Well, they are pretty obvious as soon as you turn up.  The place needs a complete makeover, as much of the decor seems to date from the 1980s both in the common areas and rooms. For instance, the window frames are a bit…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1015-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location,"I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the the Britannia Hampstead.   Its location between the Hampstead (with all its attractions) and Primrose Hill areas of London is really superb.   The real bonus with this hotel is that it has a limited amount of on-site parking which is almost unheard of with the more central London hotels.   Even if the hotel's own parking spaces are full there is plentiful alternative parking in the vicinity.    Central London is accessible by public transport.  The staff were friendly and helpful and my room was clean and comfortable.   If the decor was a little dated and the shower room rather small, it was still good value for the price.   The only slight problem I had with my particular room was some background noise which I think was from the lift, but…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1020-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasantly surprised,"Stayed there last weekend along with 13 of family for nearby wedding, bit worried having read the few bad reviews as I had suggested this hotel to everyone. The staff were very polite, attentive, and helpful. The duty manager was hands on and seemed always present. It seemed to be one of my beloved old THF Posthouses from the 1980's with all the original furniture (including corby trouser press) vast amount of drawer and wardrobe space. It's a bit scuffed in places but everything was clean, the beds were more recent and fine, the shower was ancient but very good and the hot water plentiful. Breakfast was very good. Bathroom lacked shelfspace and will need updating soon,as well as the old aluminium windows. Overall very pleasant and very good value for money.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1020-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not a great choice.,This particular hotel does require updating in many ways. Some of the reveiws are quite scathing however it depends what you need to use the hotel for. If you are working and require reasonable rates plus easy transportation links to central london then this could be for you. Myself and my son has just stayed for three nights whilst working in London. The accomadation is pretty standard but adequate. There is even a table which you can stand the 1970's TV set on so you can both see the television. It might not be 70s but its old. I would NOT personally use this hotel if I was planning a weekend break with a partner because I think you would be dissapointed. Lots of contractors do use this hotel as it will normally fall within the company budget. As a non smoker I had to change…,Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1020-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice stay.,"I stayed at this hotel 6-8th Jan 2012.  I have stayed at the sister hotel in London Docklands but it was sold out, so thought I would try this place.  I was a bit nervous after reading on here but thought it can't be that bad, and in all fairness I found no fault.  I went to check in and was asked if I wanted a complimentary bottle of wine!? We had a basement room which was fine because we were only there to sleep, it was very clean and had all that we needed. As we were getting ready to go out a waiter brought a bottle of wine and two glasses to our room.  We went to reception and asked the young chap for info on the new shopping centres in London, ahhh let me get Denise, Denise came to the desk and told us how to get to Westfield London and off we went.  We had dinner out, but…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1020-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",another great stay,"Stayed for 3 nights on bed and breakfast and as always was excellent, the breakfasts get better each time and the bar meals are incredible value £3.50 for cheeseburger and chips in central london amazing.Thanks once again and the rates are good too with a free bottle of wine ! Thanks once again",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1020-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely staty in a nice quiet hotel in a very nice area,"I have just retyrned home after a lovely 5 night stay in Britannia Hampstead. On arrival, I was met by a very helpful reception staff member and asked if I would like a complimentary bottle of wine which was an offer they were doing. It was a nice surprise. I went out and upon my return to m y room that night there was the bottle of wine in an ice bucket along with 2 wine glasses! My room was lovely. I was on the 4th floor at the rear of the hotel with a huge balcony overlooking central London in the distance. Yes, the decor in the roomwas perhaps dated, but, it was spotlessly clean as was the bathroom and all bed linen and towels were changed every day of my stay. there are also some shower gels, hand soap and body lotion in the bathroom. The buffet breakfast had a nice variety…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1025-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers is five-star luxury in comparison,"My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for his birthday because we'd stayed in many Britannia hotels before but never have they been so disappointing.   We caught the train to London Euston and the tube to Camden Town and it was a fair walk from there, especially with suitcases. We saw a building ahead that according to google maps was the hotel, but we thought they were run down council flats. It was the hotel and it looked disgusting. The outside walls and windows were dirty and clearly they only worked on the appearance of the main enterance and even the revovling door was a nightmare as it was too small for our cases. It took over five minutes for the receptionist to explain the details of breakfast and just from the appearance of the lobby, we knew it was going to be…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1025-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT TRIP GREAT HOTEL,"Stayed here for 2 nights on new years eve and new years day we booked it as a package which included our train tickets and had such an amazing weekend in london, we travelled with our two friends who both had an amazing time too the hotel was perfect situated in primrose hill which is only a few tube stops from kings cross the breakfasts were awsome the rooms were clean and the staff were so helpfull the washington bar which is 2 mins walk from hotel was where we spent the night bringing in the new year and had such a laugh with the locals, dont get put off by the reviews on this site five star it is not but value for money and location it is perfect, we will be back to london again soon and will be staying here again....",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1025-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Another lovely Christmas holiday,"This is our third Christmas at this hotel and we had a lovely time.  Once again it was wonderful value for money. We upgraded this year so our room was really nice. The food was excellent, the staff friendly and helpful and because it was our third visit we were aware of the bus timetables to all the places of interest.  It also meant we could go to Camden any time we fancied, (I love Camden)!!  For us it is a great base.  The entertainment was basic but after a full day we were happy to just sit and listen to the music provided by the DJs and chat to the other guests. I can`t wait for next year when I really hope we are able to go again. Thank you for a great time.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1025-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",In need of refurbishment,"Spent Christmas there, the rooms are in need of a good refurbishment and the furniture is scratched and chipped. The windows were streaming with water and aided to the damp smell, had to buy scented candle to mask the smell. The carpet in the hallways was frayed and would cause a trip hazard. the bar area is also in need of refurbishment the chairs are dirty and uncomfortable. there was not much choice for the evening menu and if you are vegetarian no choice at all. The Christmas lunch came plated so if you did not like turkey you were stuck. This hotel should really not be advertised as 3 star for me 2 star at a best.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1025-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel iv stayed in,","It was mine & my husbands 1st new year together, cause of work commitments in the past, so looking forward to going to London, what iv always wanted to do, so we thought we was going to have a great time at this hotel, it was the worst ever, it's such a mucky hotel, staff are very rude, & food well don,t even go there, & new years eve disco/party was a deastarter, there was 8/10 people there, it was the worst new years ever. Never again, don,t go to this hotel, 3 star, more like a 0 star,  not a happy bunny,",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1030-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel,"I stayed here on new years eve and I would definitely not make a return visit. The room was filthy, stains all over the carpet and spare toilet roll seemed to have dried urine over it. Service wasn't great; the night porter was rude and there was only one towel in the room. Hotel decor was very dated and was woken up by a fire alarm randomly going off in the morning.  Overall I think this is possibly the worst hotel I think I have ever visited.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1030-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Christmas Break,"On arrival staff very helpfull and freindly,room nice and clean could do with a referb. All food very good with a wide choice. The manager was very helpfull & polite, Had avery good christmas with all the other guest's thank you for a great time.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1030-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Safety Concerns,"We spent a weekend here for Christmas shopping in London. On arrival we were shown to a basement bedroom- no windows but so what? Afterall it was a shopping trip! With no way of getting out of the room other than by the lift or stairs, I was very concerned to see that the space at the bottom of the stairs ( a protected area for fire prevention and escape ) was filled with conference style chairs. In addition, the fire door was regularly jammed open as the door closer was too weak to close the door against the resistance of the carpet pile. In bringing this to the attention of the duty manager on Saturday morning, he was very polite and apologetic, asuring me that this would be corrected by Monday at the latest. We left on Sunday afternoon with no change in the situation. I did…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1030-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed the Stay,"We stayed at the Britannia on 25th November for 2 nights. We went to a couple of gigs. The reason we picked this hotel because it was close to Camden market (my partner loves shopping there) and  the venue (Koko) where the concert was. The hotel was great, easy check in and very nice and helpfull staff. The room we had was in the basement and didnt have any widows. That did not bother us because we was not there much. The room was big and very clean big bathroom and for once did not smell of fag smoke.Our room was very quite which is a first because my partner is a light sleeper. To be honest it was one of the best hotels we have stayed in London. We have stayed in some that have had really good reviews on Trip Adviser and they are like staying in a rabbit hutch with no room at…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1030-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The Best Time Ever,"Just got back from a fantastic four night Christmas package at Britannia  Hampstead Hotel. This was one of the best hotels  we have  stayed  in  in London. We had the perfect holiday and couldnt fault the hotel,room or staff. The food was out of this world and for the money it cost,it was amazing.The bar prices were lower than many pubs and the entertainment was brilliant. Many of the  guest  got together and ages ranged from 7 up to 90 years.We all partied and enjoyed. It was so good that many of us have re booked for christmas 2012. A big thank you to Manager Mr Inderpreet Singh and the staff who couldnt do enough to help. Also a big thank you to all those lovely people we met up  with and  look forward to seeing you all again next year.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1035-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good generally, choose based on type of trip","We stayed twice - 3 nights in Nov an 1 in Dec. great location as down the road from our friend's house. Can't recommend beyond this and would suggest doing your research as there are places closer to tube stations and attractions. Great for families and groups more than tourists.  Overall, nice staff and very clean.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1035-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and good location,"We stayed here as part of a Theatre break package and, having read some of the reviews, I was a bit apprehensive. But I was pleasantly surprised. Sure, its a bit tired, but if you are getting back late and just want somewhere conveniently located, that's clean and tidy, then there's nothing wrong with this place at all The staff were very friendly, efficient and helpful. Continental breakfast was included in our package and you could upgrade to a full english if required. On site parking at £10 for overnight is very cheap for this area too!!! Unless you are very fussy and are planning to spend a lot of time in your room, then it's good value.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1035-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas lights In london,"We stayed for two days at this hotel, It was very clean and comfortable, The staff were very helpful,the only down side was there was no room service so if like us you wanted extra tea or milk you had to go down to reception and collect it yourself, not very good when it's first thing in the morning and you want a cup of tea before you shower and dress. it's location is very good 10 min walk to the underground where you purchased an all day ticket for £6 that allowed you to travel on the subway and buses till 4-30 in the morning. we found found O'Neils bar in regent street did good food at a reasonable price",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1035-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",An OK place,"Wasn't bad.  The hotel itself is a bit dated, but it was reasonably comfortable.  One downside was that the rooms didn't have internet.  The lobby had free wifi so you have to bring your laptop there and chill.  Location-wise wasn't bad. It's not downtown, but you're a walking distance (10min) to either Chalk Farm station or Swiss Cottage station, so you can get anywhere quite easily.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1035-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Reception man let himself into my room at 4am,"As a lone woman being awoken at 4am by a man in the room was close to terrifying. Seemingly the reception man had ""accidentally"" let himself into my room at 4am.  He accidentally picked up the keys, accidentally walked to the door and then accidentally opened the door! Calling the police was close to my mind once I had calmed down but by then it was morning and having an important business meeting which was largely ruined by the shocking treatment. I advise anyone reading this to stay anywhere else.  it clearly shows a shocking lack of controls with total and utter disregard for guests",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1040-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",in desperate need of a refurbishement,"We booked this hotel as part of a two night stay with Thomas Cook superbreak mini holidays. Definitely not worth the money.  We were on the first floor, the corridor was dreary and our room smelt like the toilet rims that you put down the toilet.  There were stains on the chairs & bedside cabinet, scratches on the dressing table and bedpost, scribble on the wall, carpet didn't fit properly and was stuck down with tape. The old fashioned television didn't work properly and after three requests to have it fixed, it was replaced with another, presumably switched, with one from another room!! and then put back on its wobbly stand.  The whole hotel is stuck in a 70's timewarp and is in definite need of a refurbishment. With the olympics coming next year this hotel will be an…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1040-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel. Buy 2 pints, and survey the scrambled eggs!","Really nice hotel, 5 minutes from Chalk Farm tube station. Had a smashing little room (No 10) in the lower ground. Free wi-fi in the bar area. Very good attentive staff, but I did have to wait a bit to get a pint late at night as the ""night porter"" tried to juggle being a receptionist and a barman. Plentiful self service breakfast but watery scrambled eggs. Would I stay here again? Too right I would.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1040-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite there,"Spent three nights at the hotel during business trip. Service first class and breakfast excellent. The room was basic and in need of refreshing. No wi-fi in rooms which is a drawback for business, though free wi-fi in bar. Clientele included many tradesmen staying in London filling early breakfast shift. No problem for me, though could be a bit unnerving for a lady on her own. I guess that the clientele sums up the hotel - fine, clean and good service but at the value end of the market.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1040-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,"We were visiting London to see a show and needed a hotel for one night. This hotel came out at a very reasonable rate and was close to the Northern Line, which was idea for our trip to the theatre. The hotel is a little tired looking with old wooden furniture and an old fashion TV on a low table. On the plus side the room was large and the beds comfortable. The bathroom was also nice and clean. We opted for a continental breakfast which was more than adequate.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1040-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worth and pleasant experience,"Though this hotel don't have high ranks as it  deserve, My experience has been very pleasant. Quiet (because of its location), cleanliness, and all good facilities in the room, and above all the pleasant behavior from the staff ....all these gave me a peace and pleasant stay...I would suggest anyone having holiday trips or for london visits to be here .... Most of my London trip had been based on the details given from the staff at the reception, and it included much to have my London holidays get planned well for my limited time span.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1045-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",seedy,"this is a pretty seedy place in a good location. It is actually clean but it is so worn out, it is hard to see that. It needs to be gutted and redone but since it is owned by the same outfit that own Pontins, I doubt that will happen any day soon. Because it is so cheap, it attracts a visitor like no other. It is all so run down and second rate that to my mind, it would be better to stay in a 2 star guesthouse if you can afford no better.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1045-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",3 Day Weekend Theatre Break,"General appearance and cleanliness of Hotel was as expected and good enough. The Full English Breakfast was excellent. The Bar was average, prices reasonable but hotel severely undermanned at weekend so Bar person was often absent doing "" other jobs"". My main objection was that while we were there not one member of staff had English as their first language. Their work ethic, politeness and appearance could not be faulted but I could have been in any hotel in the middle or far east, (As I often am for work) and I did not expect it in England.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1045-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Paintings...,"We first stayed in the hotel on the 15th of October for 2 nights. At first we thought the hotel was a little bit worn, however the main reception staff were friendly and approachable. The rooms were decent, but the un-nerving paintings in the bathroom which seemed to watch you whilst you showered were quite disturbing. If you have a fear of being watched whilst you're showering then I wouldn't advise you stay at this hotel. The breakfast was enjoyable and on the whole, the stay was pleasant.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1045-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired hotel....you can do better in London for the same rate,"Whilst the staff were helpful and the breakfast good,  this really is a tired hotel in need of modernisation.  Room badly in need of redecoration.  Bathroom very '80's but with a good shower.  Location isn't that good either.  Avoid it - you can do better in London than this.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1045-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise,"Booked as part of a 2-night Superbreak package (including rail on east coast line). The suggestion picked up from other tripadvisors to ask for a high room at the back was sound (a must in my opinion) - its about the view! (over-looking the skyline of London/lit up at night) The room to be honest although recently updated was basic but comfortable, all you need really for such a break. A word of caution: if you want the high position over-looking London remember that this hotel is located on a promontory position, so to those who have difficulty walking - it is an uphill 10 minute walk from Chalk Farm tube station. If you are a first time visitor to London perhaps not the best of locations but otherwise if you can navigate using the transport options then I would have no…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1050-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Great Value,"This is an ideal hotel for someone stopping in London who wants a good base to get out and about. It is located closely to both Belsize Park and Chalk Farm tube stations. It is clean with good, helpful, friendly staff. The area in which the hotel is situated is very pleasant and has some good pubs quite near.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1050-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",'Very handy location,"We have just spent two nights in the Brittannia Hampstead Hotel.  The location is excellent, just a ten minute walk to the tube or fifteen minute walk in to Camben.  The staff were very nice and they allowed us to check in early (1pm)as our room was ready which was handy.  Unfortunately, I think the hotel could do with a bit of a spruce up as things are a bit outdated and tatty. Our room had seen better days and we had to ask for one of the pillows to be changed because it had hair on it and was wrinkled and obviously hadn't been. It is all a bit tired really, carpets with threadbare bits and stained furniture and very out dated televisions. The food was OK but nothing to write home about, we tried the cooked breakfast the first morning but ended up with just toast on the second…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1050-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & good breakfast.,Stayed in 24th Oct for 2 nights. Hotel was clean & tidy. Rooms were nice. Had a good breakfast. Staff couldn't have been nicer. ,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1050-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London theatre break,"stayed 2 nights in October, booked through travel agent for theatre break, and was looking for something reasonably priced. Everything a bit tatty but clean for the most part, some of the drawers smelled of vinegar(?) but on the whole all ok.  Bathroom floor very slippery when wet so be careful.    Something for every at breakfast and staff seemed ok.  The type of place you are comfortable in jeans.  Nice old pub  2 mins away where the lunch and evening food,  and atmosphere are good,",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1050-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",No problems but could do with tarting up,"Stayed for a 5 nights in April and the hotel was fine. Yes, the rooms do look dated with old furniture and decorations but ours was clean and comfortable as was the bathroom.  The breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. Its in a good location - 10 minute walk to the tube and just a couple of minutes from the local shops.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1055-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not the Ritz but good value for money,"Stayed for two nights over the weekend, following concerns regarding the reviews on some web pages, I rang the hotel on the Thursday night, to check what room we would be allocated.  I was told that rooms had not been allocated at that stage, so I asked to be given an upstairs room not on the main road side. When we checked in we were given a Plaza room on the 5th floor, splendid views over south east London and no one over us to make a noise; result. The bed could have been a bit better but after walking around London all day it did not stop me sleeping. The curtains etc. were more than a bit worn, but the room was clean and the staff we dealt with were generally helpful and polite.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1055-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London Weekend Break,"My partner and I did a Superbreak deal and stayed at this hotel for two nights.. I looked at the comments people had made and to be honest I was not expecting very much.  However, it was much better than the reviews.  The staff were friendly and helpful  We had a room on the lower ground floor which was adequate for our need.  The bed was comfortable and clean.  The bathroom obviously has not long been done, only criticism here was that you had to shut the bathroom door when you had a shower otherwise the alarm would go off.  There was a note in the bathroom to this effect.  However, my partner could then not see in the mirror to have a shave which he did not like. The breakfasts were ok and the staff could not have been more helpful./ Overall a very pleasant stay and I would…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1055-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Nice staff,"Spent four days in London to show my daughter the city, where dad worked 35 years ago.  Found it very difficult to find a hotel with friendly prices and non-scaring reviews on this site. I used easytobook.com and got a price for 275 pound for four nights, which was allright -  unpleasent surprice, when fees and taxes were added afterwards, så the total came to 330, a bit to much for my budget, but did not want to spent more time on the net searching for cheaper alternative. Location is all right, nice surroundings, short walk from Chalk Farm tubestation, Clapham and the market is nearby. The room var fine, clean, twin beds as ordered, a small TV-set, could have used a minibar/fredge to keep som juice and youghurt, since we dont eat much else for breakfast. There is free wi-fi,…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1055-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",FOOTBALL TRIPS,"I have stayed at this hotel twice this year while attending football matches in London.The first trip in march was satisfactory with a large twin room upstairs encouraging me to book again in august with a friend, in twin room. However on this trip we were put in a room in the basement,which was located along narrow passages and extemely dull and dingy inside with a cracked toilet bowl in the bathroom. My main concern,however was the attitude and rudeness of the staff the next morning,starting with breakfast supervisor,whose face would crack if he dared to risk a smile and argued with me when I tried to explain I was due free breakfast.That was nothing,however compared to rude and inefficient male receptionist who insisted I still had to pay for room despite me showing receipt…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1055-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",WEEKEND IN LONDON,"Over the years I have had the good fortune to stay in some top end hotels whilst on business this hotel will never compare well with those. However for a weekend break my wife and I found it to be a clean and comfortable hotel if a little care worn and dated. Our room was on the fifth floor which afforded us a reasonable view of Hampstead. Unlike some reviews I have read on this hotel, suggesting the staff were unhelpfull I found this not to be the case. The Britannia Hotel is situated in very pleasant area of north London with only a short walk to the local tube station at Chalk Farm. My wife and I stayed for two nights whilst taking in a show and doing some site seeing. All in all a perfect weekend.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1060-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"There are some pretty bad reviews of this hotel on here but I am happy to say that its OK - not great but certainly not as bad as some people like to make out.  My review may be slightly tainted in that my three night stay was free as I used Tesco Clubcard vouchers to pay for it! If I had paid the £330 cash price I would have been very disapointed but I have seen some reasonable deals for this place.  The whole place is a bit dated but the rooms are clean as is the bedding and towells we were provided with. Bathroom was fine and the shower was great. Check in was easy, from walking in the door I was in my room inside 5 mins.  Breakfast is again OK - a wide selection of hot food and continental breakfast.   Service from the staff is again OK, most seem to be Eastern European and…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1060-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"very enjoyable stay, super breakfast, friendly, welcoming staff.  Good location.  Would definately stay again.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1060-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not good at all... My room had no windows!,"I stayed at the Britannia Hampstead in September 2011 on a business trip. The location of the hotel is good - It's a 10 minute walk from Chalk Farm tube station and there's a variety of lovely restaurants near by.   However, the hotel itself leaves a lot to be desired. Check in was a labourious process and I was almost given the keys to another guest's room. When I made it to my room it was very tired and dated, smelt damp and had NO WINDOWS! I asked if there were any other rooms (preferably with windows) available in the hotel but unfortunately there were not. The hotel was also very noisy and there was no wi-fi reception in the basement. Quite how this hotel justifies charging what they do for a damp, dark basement rooms I have no idea.   Whilst the location is convenient, I…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1060-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel but could do better,"My  wife and I spent a 2 night Superbreak here last weekend.  From previous reviews we knew what to expect from the decor, but the quicker the upgrades are carried out the better it will be. Our room had wallpaper missing but having said that the room and the bathroom were clean.  Check in was quick and efficient though I am puzzled as to why check in is 4pm not 2pm as in most hotels, though we were early we had a quick drink in the bar whilst the room was  prepared. The hotel is in a nice area and only a short walk from both Chalk Farm and Belsize Park underground stations.  Ask directions to Belsize Park as there are many nice Bistro's, Bars and pubs both there and at Hampstead both are an easy walk from the hotel. A word to the wise, the hotel bar prices are very competitive…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1060-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for London,"Hotel was alright, decor was dated, and there was a creepy portrait in the bathroom, but room was clean enough and decent.  Good budget hotel for a few nights stay in London.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1065-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Just to reassure other guests...,"A friend & I spent 2 nights here at the beginning of September on a quick trip to London.  The hotel is very basic and run down. could be good if the owners spent some money on maintenance.  However the beds were comfortable, and the room etc clean;  Furniture very tatty but again clean - breakfasts very good, plenty of choices and well cooked. Staff doing their best to make guests comfortable.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1065-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",OK stay.....,"We stayed here this past weekend and having read the TA reviews, were not surprised by anything at the hotel. Turn right out of Chalk Farm tube station and right at the traffic lights - about a 10 minute walk.   Check in was very easy and given with a smile.  We were a little early but a quick call ensured our room was ready. I had emailed ahead and requested a room with a view and we were duly allocated room 516.  The room itself was quite large by London standards and we could see the Guerkin and BT tower from our room. The carpet was stained in places and there was no air con (as previously mentioned) and the tv was an old fashioned box type as opposed to the new slim line ones.The bathroom was OK but in dire need of renovation - all the enamel was chipping away in the bath,…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1065-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A very average hotel that could be a lot cleaner.,"We booked our trip with super breaks so we did manage to get a really good price for our trip. That being said, the cheap rate we have received is no excuse for turning a blind eye to the dirtiness of the room we were in.   Beside our bed there was a stain that looked fairly fresh; a spilled drink or something. There was also a smell of uncleanliness in the room.  The bed was really bad; you could feel the springs in the matress...it felt quite cheap. The linen was also stained in places.  There are also a few maintenance and upkeep issues.  The staff were friendly enough, no complaints there.  Nothing really stood out at all.  An average hotel, probably won't come back.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1065-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, friendly and chilled","Booked this mini holiday through Superbreak.  Fantasitc value for money, deal included return rail fare from Newcastle upon Tyne to London and two nights stay including breakfast at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel.  We arrived before the 2pm check in but the reception rang to check whether our room was ready, it was not - we were offered opportunity to leave our cases and sit in the lounge for a drink.  We decided to leave our cases and visit Camden Town to sail down the Regents CAnal on the London Waterbus.  Reception gave us directions for the bus service.  The Hotel offered a variety of evening meals.  Each night was different, we enjoyed the Turkish night when we dined in, there was Chinese, India, Fish and Chip nights etc with a help yourself from the buffet deal for £9.95 to…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1065-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"Every place in London is expensive, but this hotel is reasonably good value.  We chose it for its proximity to Camden Market.  It's actually midway between two subway stops:  Camden Market and Swiss Cottage.  It's about a 10 min. walk from either one; if you have a lot of luggage, you probably want to take a taxi.  There's free Wifi but only in the (comfortably furnished) public lounge.  Breakfast at the hotel is expensive but there's a Tesco nearby where you can buy your own food.  There's also a laundromat around the corner, with a nice coffee shop next door where you can enjoy a snack while your clothes are in the washer or dryer.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1070-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",As usual great !,"I have stayed at this hotel many times now and yes, some of the rooms are dated decor wise etc but in my opinion it is a place to stay, and if visiting london there is so much more to see and  than inspecting every corner of a bedroom ! the last time I was there there seemed to be some bedroom refurbishment going on I know the 4th and 5th floors have been done and for the prices usually paid at this hotel the rooms are great and a decent size too.I was very impressed with the breakfast and there was a good choice of things available.Also the bar prices are fairly reasonable too for london and the bar will stay open as long as you want it to.too many people visit hotels to find fault, this is a great place to stay, good value and very close to central london I stay here whenever…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1070-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Poorest hotel I have ever stayed in,"We booked an Executive double room which one would assume, albeit a 3 star hotel, would have a well sprung mattress and not shabby decor. On arrival we rejected 2 rooms offered as the mattresses were well past their sell by date. As well as shabby decor, there were niggling things such as dried blood in the base of one wardrobe, cigar butts in the slide window track, torn quilt covers,an unstable old style television on a wobbly stand, torn curtains etc. As well, there as a general lack of investment in general decor ie. paint and wallpaper were in poor state of repair in all three rooms we were offered..I called the Duty Manager who tried the poor mattress and she admitted it was useless (this was the second attempt to find a reasonable room). When asked why the mattresses are…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1070-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A reasonable weekend,My daughter and I stayed 3 nights on a well known brand theatre break. We requested a quiet room and were allocated a room at the back of the hotel. The room was indeed quiet and as other reviewers have noted clean yet rather dated; our main concern was the poor ventilation and lack of air conditioning which meant a very hot room at night. The buffet breakfast food was excellent both in range and quality though the toaster seemed to require frequent adjustment. Repeated journeys to make tea and coffee were frustrating. Larger cups/mugs for the instant coffee and tea bags would be a big improvement as would tea/water/coffee pots delivered to tables! Most of the staff were helpful when approached but a litlle more proactive interaction and smiling would go a long way. Once we…,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1070-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",average to poor,"Based on the other reviews on this site I decided to go ahead with booking the hotel. The price and location were very good. However there was far too much that was 'not good'.   The staff were terrible. Miserable people. The bar woman looked like she was about to kill herself. The waitress who brought us our food, threw it down on the table and walked off without offering us sauces or any more drinks, or even a 'enjoy your meal'.  When I approached the bar, the man who served me had no sense of what service is at all! I asked for a pint of san miguel to which he smacked the tap down and nothing came out. Instead of offering me an alternative or apologising, he said 'nope' and stood there waiting for my response...I couldn't believe it; and whilst still serving me (the flattest…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1070-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","We Had Great Time,","We were horrified by the previous reviews of the hotel, and thought about rearranging due to the riots. The hotel was in a quiet area an easy tube journey from Kings Cross. The room was spotlessly clean although the furniture was dated, the beds were comfy and the rooms well equiped. The buffet breakfast was fine with a good selection and plenty of it.  We ate in the hotel one night and it was average, but we were tired with sightseeing and we happy to relax. Our break was through Superbreaks and very reasonable , to have a better more central hotel would have doubled the cost. The staff were all helpful especially Dirwan at breakfast.  Tip Buy and Oyster card as the journeys are cheaper and easier. Tip buy a 2 day big bus tour £32 and meant we could hop on and off where we…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1075-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Complete Dichotemy,"The rating for this hotel with just a little bit of effort could have been very good/ excellent. We booked in for a Saturday and Sunday night. It was probably my fault, but they had provided a cot in the room. For a couple in their 70's it was obviously not required. The room we found to be well appointed and comfortable. However the holder for the shower head was broken, one of the lights in the bathroom was out. This made shaving and or applying makeup a bit of a problem. We almost had to resort to braille to carry out these functions. The main problem was that on the Saturday night there was a wedding reception with an exceptionally noisy disco which seemed to vibrate the full first floor where we were staying. (We were right over the disco). Bearing in mind that a cot had…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1075-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",We loved everything about it,"My daughter and i have just got back from a two night stay and couldnt fault it.Staff very friendly and extemely helpful nothing was too much trouble.Room spotless and comfortable, breakfast lots of choice and very nice, bar and lounge lovely and relaxed for a night cap.We would certainly stay again.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1075-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, lovely staff, we'll be coming back!","We recently came back from a short stay at the Britania hotel at Hampstead, we stayed  there for a couple of nights while we were in London celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. The hotel is in an excellent location, only 3 tube stops from Kings Cross station on the Northern line. Regents park is a 5minute walk away. The staff at the hotel are lovely... our daughter had arranged for champagne, chocs and flowers to be in our room when we arrived and she said that the staff she had dealt with were very helpful, the manager had even taken the trouble to get us a card from him and the staff, thanks for that :) The breakfast is an all you can eat buffet, with full english breakfast on offer amongst a large selection of cereals, fruit, yoghurt, cheese and meats etc. We had this…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1075-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",excellent hotel,just returned from 5 days everything was excellent . rooms and food good. staff friendly . will definitelly be returning.,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1075-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",JUST THE JOB !,Stayed at this hotel with my husband and our two teenage sons and we thought it was great ! Loveley hotel with clean rooms and nice breakfast and relaxing bar in the evening. Would not hesitate to stay here again and would recommend to a friend. Also we found the decor very quaint and tasteful .,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1080-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Clean and adequate and handy for getting into London,"We were staying on a package tour and so all prepaid.  The hotel was clean and staff polite, although it was not obvious that the offers advertised for meals etc did not apply to us. This was later sorted and we understood. The room was very small but clean, and lovely fluffy towels in bathroom. Definitely in need of updating, as very old and large furniture, though the bed was very comfortable. It was just very unfortunate that we stayed on some of the hottest days of the summer so far and having no air conditioning the room was very hot and humid and difficult to sleep in. We did try to move rooms but could not move for the 2 nights, only the second night. The indian buffet was very nice for dinner, and breakfast was plentiful although it would have been nice to have proper…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1080-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"this was still one of the ugliest room I ever stayed in, I was there with my girlfriend and kids, I had two rooms, our room in the basement of the children on the first floor. in the basement was not much, but still better than the kids, I think this hotel should be demolished, something like this I've never seen before. I'm sorry for the people who work there, but I recommend to anyone not to book it",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1080-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Experience,"First day, the toilet broke.  They wouldn't fix it; they woudn't give me a discount; they wouldn't move me to another room.  After I made a stink, they moved me to another room for just one night expecting me to pack again & move back the next night.  Feeling disguisted, I moved to another hotel.  Also, after a month, I've been unable to get an itemized receipt from this hotel.  The one good thing about this hotel is their breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1080-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not great.,"We stayed three nights in this hotel.  We had to wait five minutes in the lobby for the room to be cleaned. We were on the third floor, so the view was nice. The room itself looked old and tired, and was quite dirty. The toilet was dirty, the carpet was grimy and the window hardly opened. The beds weren't very comfortable. The breakfast buffet wasn't very impressive. The ""fresh fruit"" was tinned fruit, they didn't make filter coffee, only not-very-nice instant coffee, etc. The buses which run on that road don't take you anywhere of interest, so you have to walk at least 20 minutes down to the main road to get proper a bus.  There are a few restaurants/pubs and shop around the area. The staff wasn't very friendly, didn't even bother saying ""goodbye"" when we left.  As much as I…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1080-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",ignore bad reviews,"Stayed for 2 nights in july, room on 5th floor had a wonderful view over london.  Yes the furniture is ""tired and dated"" but room, and bathroom  were  clean and tidy. with nice white towels.  Didn't eat there apart from breakfast which was plentiful and very adequate so cannot comment on other meals at hotel.  7.00 pm is a bit late for anyone wanting to go to a show in central london, so  we had to eat elsewhere.  Would go back again as good value for money, not far from tube and bus stop just outside.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1085-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","excellent stay, good management !","after long tiring day in London when i  came back to hotel , felt happy by the hospitality ,  warm welcome at reception & service of staff & manager. rooms are nice & bigger as compared to the other hotel in London. hotel has a good location & view from  room was beautiful.  on that day i was thinking to have dinner out but changed my mind after looking good buffet dinner menu & offer was excellent. good dinner promotion by manager at the reception. nice service at the restaurant.  over all i had nice & excellent stay, i would recommend this hotel to my family & friends as well . thank you Britannia...",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1085-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",superb view of london skyline,"we were first of all given a basement room with no windows.   i asked if there was another room available and we were lucky enough to be given one on the 4th floor with a large balcony.    here we were able to sit and take in the wonderful view.    i loved being so close to camdon, primrose hill,  and even walked to hampstead heath!  we were not included for breakfast but there was  a 2 for 1 offer on, although we decided to eat out as so many nice restaurants close by.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1085-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"We've stayed in London a few times and have never encountered such rude, apathetic staff. Service was appalling. Despite prepaying we were asked on arrival and then again on departure to pay £314 for our room. Breakfast ok but staff were clearly only there to open windows when the toaster caught fire. Terrible value for money.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1085-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",OK for group stay,"I stayed here over a hen weekend - which as part of a group of 16 I found the hotel suitable for groups of this size, however due to most of us having twin rooms most people were on separate floors - we were certainly not by any of our group.  The hotel was incredibly warm everywhere, especially the bathroom - with no extractor to help the issue.  Another issue with the bathroom was that the wall was so thin - you practically feel as though you're sharing the bathroom with the next room!  Also, there was a picture immediately above the toilet, a screw at the bottom of the frame was sticking out about 2 or 3 cm enough to hurt yourself on definately.  The room itself felt quite old and in desperate need of a refurb.  Massive old fashioned TV taking up a lot of space, windows made…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1085-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",do not stay here,Travel and stay in London quite a bit and booked a weekend trip for my wife and myself as a birthday treat for her.  we were given a basement room no bigger than a box which was so hot it made you feel unwell.  I paid £150 for a 2 night stay with breakfast included.  Staff were unbelievably rude and unhelpful.  asked about ventilation for room and told nothing they could do. had problem with breakfast on first morning. booked full were told only continental. sorted. Again problems second morning with same problem. staff very rude and we were told not their problem to check with our booking agent. Staff were so rude and abrupt my wife ended up in tears!!! their response was to call security!  Mananger apologised but i would not recommentd this hotel to anyone. very rude staff…,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1090-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Imagine the worst thing you could then go one step closer to oblivion and you are still not close to this hotel.," I had to stay in this hotel as i booked late for a trip and normal hotels were full. I arrived very late and was put into a smoking room. I had not requested this. It was awful, quite possibly the worst room i have ever stayed in anywhere in the world! I asked the duty manger the following morning to move me to a non smoking room. I returned to the hotel after midnight to find I had not been moved. I stood my ground and the manager agreed to move me. He then handed me the key to my old room so that I could go and get my own luggage and move it to a new room!   Breakfast was another disaster. At 7am I was the only person in the dining room. I had not ordered breakfast so was not allowed to eat until I had gone and paid in advance for breakfast. This involved putting my plate…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1090-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Quaint hotel by primerose hill great price for such a location,"I was quite surprised reading the previous reviews! I had a great stay at the HAmpstead Britannia, the staff i had contact with were very helpful and pleasant (front desk). I loved the big windows in the room and the spacious rooms as well as the wooden green veranda and walking through primerose hill after breakfast. I will definately book again at this quaint hotel and have recommended.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1090-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for group stay,"Used for a group stay for university-aged students, for one week. Accommodations were clean and comfortable. Staff was very professional and helpful. Location was in a nice part of town and a short walk to the tube. The included buffet-style breakfast had a nice selection and made for a hearty meal. Free high-speed wireless in the lobby. Overall, I am left with only good things to say about this hotel and would highly recommend for mostly any type of visitor(s) to London.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1090-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't fault it.,"We stayed at the hotel for a weekend at the end of May ( a party of ten adults ) and honestly could find no fault. The staff were very friendly, nothing was too much trouble.The rooms on the first floor were spacious, clean and comfortable. The breakfast was hot and plentiful.The hotel is in a prime spot for Chalk Farm tube station and for walking into Camden. Everything was better than expected having read previous reviews.  We would definitely stay there again if we needed to stay in the area.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1090-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate as bed only,"We wanted somewhere on Primrose hill, bed only and got it. Room got hot and stuffy and could not open window more than a crack - Health and Safety, bed 4'6"" but ok, plenty of storage. Staff very helpful but place a bit shabby. As did not eat there cannot comment on food.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1095-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","An underground room with no windows, stiflingly hot,  for £60 !!","The staff must be weary of complaints about this frankly awful hostelry!  It has an expensive and awkward little sutberranean carpark, the eating arrangements in the evening are simple in the extreme. Rooms on floor -1 should be avoided at all cost!  The motto of this place seems to be 'pack 'em in'; - few will ever come back but in the meantime they have been fleeced. Some may also have symptoms of food poisoning if they are driven to sample the 'warm bufffet;  which seems to be the standard offering here for those unwise enough not to have made their eating arrangements before they arrived.  To be fair, the breakfast was copious, but totally disorganized, as the long queue forming outside the door since 6.45 meant that it was first come, first served, with staff reduced to…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1095-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Poor, but considering the price... still poor.","The first exterior sight was really unwelcoming, but we said to ourselves that we are not in London because of hotels. We had the ""standard, best available"" room prebooked. Actually this meant that the receptionist will take us to smelly pits with numbers 019 and 020 in long forgotten section of most distant corner of their gloomy basement. Wee bedder with claustrophobic ceiling almost touching our heads and with no window. We came to the reception complaining, but the receptionist person switched that very moment (""incidentally"") and the new one just nodded with dead pan that ""yes, my favourite room"" and offeren us with standard rooms, corresponding the price. The rest of our stay was OK as noone bothered us with any service, offers or glimpse at all. Bathrooms were not as…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1095-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"Staff on reception OK.  Rooms were disgusting. 1980's wallpaper, carpets so dirty you needed to leave your shoes on, bathroom in very poor state (wood panels delaminating, over use of sealant), repairs to door frame that made no attempt to disguise the fact the door had been kicked in (?) and repairs to the bed frame using a wood filler.  Bed was fairly comfortable but the feel of the sheets and covers made us wonder if they had been washed properly.  Poor bar service.  Waited 10 mins to get served and then when someone arrived to serve they served a queue crasher!  Breakfast.  They put enough out to make it look comparable to other better quality and cheaper hotels but most of the cooked items were overcooked.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1095-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great Weekend Break,"I could find no fault at all with this hotel , we stayed there friday to monday on the fifth floor, reading some of the reviews some people are really hard to please , the walk up from Chalk Farm Tube is hardly `UP HILL`. Also the staff were brilliant , nothing seemed to much trouble to them especially the girl who was on reception , she was very helpfull , telling us , IE , what line to go on , what platform , where to change lines and so on , one time i thought she was actually going to accompany us to the tube station . I would stay here again and recommend it to my friends .",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1095-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Break,All staff extremely friendly and helpful. Very good breakfast. Easy access to buses and tubes. Decor tired but room clean. Room was in basement and had no window. We were immediately offered one with a window but decided to stay put. Value for money.,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money,"stayed here feb 21, a good 5 mins walk  to chalk farm underground , the hotel reception staff polite and helpful , rooms (5th floor)nice and clean and comfy and peaceful, a nice good english breakfast , and all cereals, bar prices were ok , fosters at £3 a pint , we couldn't find any fault, and would recommend it to anyone, ( a nice italian restaurant round  the corner",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if possible,"Hardly any parking spaces - the FREE parking is now chargeable and they wont honour the free parking advertised even though we had booked BEFORE the enforcement changes of 31st Jan of £10 per night. Staff just shrug and say it's clearly labelled - pay to park or simply dont park there. Room stunk of stale fag smoke (poor attempts to mask it with cheap air freshener had failed). One night stay is more than enough - only good bits are it's handy for Chalk Farm tubes - to link across London elsewhere (quick journey times), and the full english breakfast was nice. Rooms tired and dated, and of course the smell. Hot water was more lukewarm.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,"we stayed here on a Saturday night for an evening in Camden. 30 min walk, so quite handy when cabs back are mission impossible to flag down between the herds of people on the streets. We booked for £30 each, but there are so many hotels near by, if doing it again I'd probably look to seeing what else was available. It was better than expected, but still a bit run down We stayed in a basement room - which they turn heating off in as it makes the rest of the hotel too hot. We called down for an extra duvet which they did bring, but it was -5 outside and too cold to sleep which after a 30 min walk back, we were already frozen.  The rooms were clean, and the shower was good - although the floor gets soaked. Parking is billed, but from 1.30PM on Sat its free on road parking anyway. …",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","comfortable, good location, fair for the money","Having read many of the reviews I really do feel some people are being rather fussy it's not perfect and  we didn't have breakfast but the one meal we had was fine. Staff were helpful and was in good location of the underground, we paid £112 for the weekend which is cheap for LONDON! People should get off their high horse's and realise this! Would I stop there again? Yes, but only for this price.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1100-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS,"Just returned from a weekend at the Brittania.  We had a room on the 5th floor where their superior rooms are.  Great view, very comfy bed.  Room clean and roomy.  A little dated but  no complaints.  Staff were extremely helpful, quietly efficient and really friendly.  Breakfast was absolutely fine except for the coffee and tea.  This was the only thing that lets this hotel down badly.  Given they have staff on duty waiting in the dining room, it would be a big improvement if they served tea and coffee at the table rather than provide luke warm water in thermos flasks with nes and tea bags.  You have to have good coffee to satisfy people.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly helpful staff,  lovely food, rooms a bit dated but very good value for money.","My daughter her partner and I went for a Christmas 5 day break for the second year running, we thoroughly enjoyed it.  The food was lovely and plentiful, and, except for Christmas Eve the entertainment on the other nights was good.  The staff were helpful and friendly and all worked very hard to make our stay enjoyable.  I have to admit the rooms are a bit dated but my bed was very comfortable and the shower room was lovely and the water always hot.  We all think that the break is great value for money and hopefully we will go again for the third time next year.  The Hotel is so handy for walking into Camden and for the underground station to the centre of London and if you are unable to walk the No. 31 bus goes every 5 mins.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired 3 star hotel,"Would estimate the hotel was built back in the 1970's and don't think much has changed. This also includes the rooms and bathroom, which are in need of an upgrade. We were, initially, met by a very miserable receptionist, however on subsequent visits other staff members were very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was reasonable(buffet) with plenty of food aavailable. Not the best location, if travelling by train via Paddington, as the nearest tube on the Northern line is not the quickest to get to. Booked the hotel last minute, however would have preferred to have paid more and stayed in a more convenient location.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Noise from band playing in function room upstairs + terrible service,"Check in took 30 mins due to an error and staff were rude and unhelpful. At 9.00pm I was awoken by a band playing in function room upstairs. Went to complain, but Duty Manager would not move me. Band played until midnight and then noise from clear up went on till 12.30am. When I formally complained the next day, I was accused of 'screaming and shouting' at reception staff the night before, when in fact I only spoke in a raised voice so I could be heard over the band which were even louder in reception! Would definately not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",There's nothing really 'wrong' with dated...,"A hotel can in many ways make or break a birthday celebration in Camden Town. Having booked this one truly last minute (on the laptop sat in the hotel entrance hall), expectations were not too high, and didn't particularly need to be. The entrance hall was comfortable, and immaculate, and the staff were charming, welcoming and polite, bearing smart attire and bright smiles. Being with a friend, we booked a twin room on the second floor. The lift was spacious and swift, the corridors were clean, and the bedroom didn't disappoint. The view was not offensive, but the old aluminium windows let in a draft, and the tatty old curtains did little to defend the room from this. The bed sheets were crisp and fresh, the carpet had had a thorough vacuum, and the bathroom had plenty of towels…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1105-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Used to be OK, now completely appalling","I've stayed at a few Britannia hotels over the years, and I know what to expect - iffy service and shabby, old fashioned accomodation - however, they are usually reasonably clean, well-located and good value for money.    We stayed at this hotel one night in November 2010.  After the inevitable slow check in, we were given a fifth floor room which was OK - we went out in Camden and got back at midnight and went to bed.  At 3:30am, I was woken by a persistent knocking on the door - on going to the door and asking who was there, I was told ""I am a member of staff - are you smoking in the room?""  I told this person we were not smoking in the room, and were trying to sleep.  He said he wanted to come into the room to check!!  I rang downstairs to verify this person was a legitimate…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE!!!,"Just got back from a 3 day trip to London with National Holidays and this is the hotel they chose! The food is terrible, they use tinned veg instead of fresh. seating very uncomfortable to sit on while you eat your meal, so i would warn you to eat out!!! The rooms are very old looking and smell, noisy pipes and very busy road on which our room overlooked kept us awake all night, everynight. Rooms have no cooling system so they get stuffy, tried to open window with no joy, they were bolted shut!! The shower had no power at all so it took a while to rinse long hair!! The only good thing about the hotel is the location, cant complain at all about this. Please read all the other reviews about this hotel and choose a different place to stay!!!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,"Our experience of this hotel was dreadful in every way.  The food was appalling  (two member of our party who had the same thing fell ill after eating there), the wine was disgusting (nothing on the wine list was available), the service was very, very slow, the rooms are uninviting and the management is rude.  This was supposed to be a family reunion but staying at this hotel spoilt it.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Overall pleasent,I stayed in this hotel with my family from monday-tuesday  and we was abit aprehensive at first because of the bad comments written here! Yes the decor is in need of a refub. We had a stressful journey to get to the hotel on monday morning with all the traffic and it was very nice to be greeted with a big smile by the young girl on reception she was very pleasent and went out of her way to help us even took our luggage as we were too early to check in!  We went and enjoyed our day in london sight seeing and came back to see another receptionist and was checked in quickly which was very nice after walking around all day! The rooms were ok clean and comfortable. We had dinner which was nice there waiters were friendly. In the morning we were greeted by another receptionist she was…,Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",shambolic mess,"we went here with our university graduates, in the toilet there was a smelly dump! the receptionist said that it was only the paint departing, the food was cold, there were freaky pictures in the room, the room smelt (badly), the shower had mould on it, the beds were dusty also the room was dusty, the cleaners didn't come every day, the cleaners stole my graduates bags of dirty clothes, the rooms were smoky when you entered, the room dectorations were old and some of the wallpaper was pealing off the walls.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1110-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"The rooms are clean, however, the furniture and decor have not been updated in at least 30 years including the TV. The service was poor from the beginning and worst of all was the food. If you are staying at this hotel, do not eat in the hotel restaurant. I stayed one night of my stay at a premiere inn 5 minutes up the road, which was much cheaper and was far better in every way.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate and value for money,"I would stay here again. Rooms are good sized and clean with a comfortable bed although furniture is well worn. Bathroom is clean and well fitted. One drawback is the hot water service, this would appear to be off-peak and hence, late in the evening, the water temperature can be a little low (about 45° Celsius) but there is plenty of it. Towels are excellent, large, thick and absorbent. The evening meal was mediocre but there are several reasonably priced cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance.  The hotel appears to be a little understaffed bur generally the staff are friendly and helpful with one exception who was probably tired at the end of a long shift.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, unpretentious hotel in a good location","Don't be put off by the unpromising exterior - or even shabby reception area. This hotel provided a spacious executive double room at only £85 b+b at the last minute when I was stuck. An extra £10 covered a reasonable supper. The room was clean and comfortable, with excellent big TV (and lots of channels) and the most fabulous view over London. I slept like a log in an enormous bed. It could do with a facelift, parking is extremely limited (it's currently a building site) and there was no real coffee for breakfast. But a good value stay close to Hampstead, Belsize Park and Chalk Farm tubes.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","filthy , shoddy, antiquated, shambolic hotel","I stayed in this hotel last weekend Oct.9,10 with my 19 year old son. The hotel was filthy , furniture was very very old, carpets dirty , curtains filthy , it had that horrible musty smell . It had no security bolt on the back door , it was a disgrace . I paid 209 pounds to stay there . They even gave us a room where someone had already taken earlier in the day , organisation ? Under no circumstances would I recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Basemet Brats,"Went to this hotel with 8 friends for a nice weekend fun and soccer. When we checked in on friday evening all our rooms wa located in the basement, with no windows! After suffocating through the first night i managed to cry myself into another basement room with windows. The basement rooms are small and badly ventilated, not really fit for sleeping in. But they are cheap. I guess you get what you pay for. ",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1115-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Customer Service Shocking,"The hotel was of an early 90s if not 80s decor, the room was ok, but there was just no care into it, old school TV, bathroom, furniture etc.  The staff were pretty bad, we had a small bald headed guy with glasses serving at the bar with no personality at all - and was quite rude when we ordered a drink on our first night, then the night after another guy at the bar who I was trying to order a drink from said that I would have to wait 15 minutes as he was on his break, why was he behind the bar?  Overall - I was very unhappy with the customer service, just rude people!",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Liked the place and the hotel,Hampstead is a nice place to stay in London and I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  Hotel is a good three star and the area is full of nice small restaurants.  My rate included continental breakfast which was OK.  My room was facing the street but I had no problems sleeping as the insulation was good. As a girl travelling alone I felt safer in this area than in most in London.  Will certainly be back here one day.,Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Customers are really too much bother,"Rooms at this hotel are not avaliable till 2pm, no exceptions! if booking you need to be aware of that. Our experience was that there was no point in trying to negotiate with the disinterested receptionist (computer says no!), despite telling her i had to get changed for a business meeting. When booking this hotel make sure you know what room they intend to place you in, avoid 1-16. We were placed in a windowless dungeon (no 16) in the basement, which was sweltering and with no air con. On booking out we had to put up with much sighing, huffing and puffing when we asked if we cound leave our cases for a couple of hours. This increased when a new customer came into the reception, clearly he was just too much effort. Good points were location, very handy for Camden, Swiss Cottage,…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing value, GREAT location","My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and were pleasently surprised by the over quality of this hotel! The room was quite large, bathroom was as well and everything was very clean! Location is amazing, about a 5 minute walk from the London underground, and a 15 minute walk into the club/bar area where the World's End Pub and Koko is located. The only complaints i would have on this hotel is that the staff were quite rude and not very helpful, also the view out of our room window wasn't great. Other than that, amazing hotel! The lunch buffet was just fabulous as well. I will deffinately stay in this hotel again next time I visit London.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Prisoner Cell Block H,"i stayed at this hotel last year for business purposes and found it ok. This time round is was not good!! we stayed for two nights and although the location was good for where we wanted to visit (camden and kentish town) thats about the only positive i have!  We were placed in what can only be described as a prison cell in the basement. no window, no air conditioning and NO AIR!!! after being told that there was no other rooms available we had to settle for a little desk fan to stop us from suffocation. The staff were uninterested and rude. i didnt bother with breakfast, theres plenty of cafes around at half the cost. i wont be staying here again and i wont be recommending to anyone.",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1120-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You'll recognise the Breakfast Chef - He's the one with the Tin Opener!,"This hotel is set in the leafy suburbs of Hampstead which is a quite pleasant area of London.  The hotel (fortunately) has no control over the location and things go downhill from there.  I arrived mid evening after a long journey.  The room had been prebooked by my company.  Unfortunately I had only just read the reviews before leaving home and hoped they were wrong.  I was given the key to room number 1 which I advised was in the basement.  I went to the room and found there was no window, no air conditioning and no extractor fan in the toilet/bathroom.  I immediately returned to the reception and was told there were no other rooms.  I pointed out that the room I had been shown was not highlighted on the website where there is talk of balconies, trouser presses and other…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",DRAWER FULL OF TOENAIL CLIPPINGS,"We arrived to find the reception looking okay. The staff were not great providing adequate service. when I arrived at my room, I found the room to be old, outdated and smelling of damp. there was mould around the windows and taps, the beds were uncomfortable, and was horrified to find that when I opened the drawer beside the bed, it was full of TOENAIL CLIPPINGS. When reported to the staff they had someone go and clean the drawer immediately and they were disgusted to hear about it. I was shocked that this would even happen. The breakfast was not greatly enjoyed and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Not the best, but not the worst!","We'd read some of the reviews and were a bit apprehensive about this hotel.  When we arrived the staff were very polite and helpful.  We had a triple room but it looked as though this was an ordinary twin room with another bed squeezed in.  The beds however were very clean and comfortable.  The hotel itself is fairly dated, but for all the time you spend in it it was absolutely fine.  There was a decent choice for  breakfast.  Main reservation about the hotel was its location which was about a 10 minute walk (up a wee bit of a hill) from Chalk Farm Tube Station, we'd previously stayed in Russell Square which is much more central and seems a nicer area.  All in all the hotel was fine and other than it's location we would have no problems going back.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL,Do not go near this place. The beds are broken with spings that dig into you. No one attends the bar you have to ask a reception for a drink. Ignored at reception if there is any sort of meeting on. Breakfast overpriced.Generally a place that should be avoided by all walks of life.................And they do not reply to your complaints.,Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good value but staff need to be more helpfull,Stayed at the Hotel for 2 nights with my family   ok location about 10mins walk from Chalk Farm tube station on the Northern Line. When wea arrived around 1.00 we had to wait for our room so asked about what was near so we could go for a walk but it was too much trouble for the women (late 30s ish no name tag) to tell us anything she was more interested in looking into her screen and wanting to pass me onto someone else and then she kept butting in and being negative when the other member of staff tried to help then when the phone rung she kept looking around and tutting as if to suggest it was not her job !!! I would say she has been there for  a long time and feels she does everything!! Breakfast was ok but tea and coffee was always cold as they were kept in flasks and even…,Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1125-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but ok,"We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights.  The cost was similar to Crewe Hall hotel (Crewe) where we stayed a week earlier, and had a fantastic experience.  The hotel does not compare favourably with the service and other features.  Parking was severly limited, and we only just managed to find a parking place after panicking we wouldn't be able to park due to local permit only parking restrictions.  Having booked the hotel because it said parking was available I was upset about availability. The hotel could have been cleaner and the decor was tired.  Traffic noise was constant, but we were staying in London after all. Despite the above, the stay seemed to have cured my terrible insomnia and I had a good night's sleep. Perhaps search elsewhere, and use as a last resort.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",this hotel is a hell hole,"on arriving at this hotel we was shocked to see how run down it was when we went to our rooms they where dirty they had urine stains on the sheets, carpets was covered with some sort of powder to stop insects, holes in the walls. going down for evening meal it just was awful the lamb onn that night caused several people to be ill, behind where the food was served was mouse bait traps but also the cereals from the morning all over the floor. the hot plate where food was served was still dirty at 12.30 on the night. this hotel is a health hazard. staff are very rude and most unable to speak to english.",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in,"I feel really bad about writing this review, however YOU need to know about my stay at Brittania Hampstead! I'll start by explaining that I'm a veteran business traveller and have stayed in many hotels in the UK and Europe.  I am currently employed by a company with a head office near Hampstead so I stay in the area approx once a month.  I usually stay at the Premier Inn, however, it was fully booked and so my colleague put me in the Brittania for two nights instead. Briefly, the hotel is in need of major, full refurbishment.  There were gaps around the rotten window frames in my room.  The decor was very poor (both in taste and condition) and there were stains on the furnishings and carpets.  One of the two lifts broke down shortly after I arrived and so this led to long waits…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Wish you were here? WISH I WASN'T HERE,"This hotel was absolutely terrible. It was like a 5 star hotel and take away 4 stars. The room was awful ; the tv was from 1960, the bathroom was filthy, the quilts were ripped, the carpet was dirty. It was that bad, i could write a script that would be eligible for the west end. The room was on the ''PLAZA FLOOR'! wouldn't like to see the rooms that weren't on this floor. When were the 3 stars awarded to this so called 'hotel'? During WW2? Very unhappy, JUST LIKE THE STAFF! I'm glad the hotel was in London, because we were away from the hotel most of the time.",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",WOULD HAVE BEEN OK IF WE HAD NOT BEEN IN THEBASEMENT,"The room was large and comfortable with a good bathroom, the only problem was it was in the basement in the far corner of the building. We feel that it was because of this our room was broken into and we we had camera, credit cards and money stolen. Police thought it was done by a previous employee with a duplicate key.We were only out of the room for an hour so someone must have been watching. If you stay insist on a room above thr third floor.  We had to drag our bagsthrough numerous fire doors, fortunately there was a lift down. The restraunt was ok and the food a reasonable price but a limiited menu, there was only one public internet  access but it is close to pubs, shops, laundrymat etc. While we were there the front drive was blocked every day by Builders vehicles making…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1130-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",dont go for a romantic weekend,"Went to see a show as a surprise for my husbands birthday. Were booked into a  basement room that had no window so was too hot and claustrophobic.  Got moved to executive room and that was a joke. Curtains didn't fit, 4 inch gap at the bottom, hanging off at the top. Enamel coming off the bath, taps and shower dirty and mouldy, covered in limescale. Sockets not working. Tv burst at the side. If you want to eat find somewhere outside as the all you can eat buffet dinner is shocking. This hotel is definitly not worth the money. Staff not very helpful either.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth its 3 star rating,"We stayed in this hotel on Friday and Saturday 30/31 July 2010 at the end of our holiday, we had previously spent 10 days in Washington DC and were looking forward to spending the last couple of nights in a nice London hotel. Overall the room and bathroom were clean but I hated being in a basement room the lack of a window or natural light was awful. On arrival the receptionist was very helpful (we were really early) she took our luggage and locked it away for us, but on our return we were faced by a totally different person who was snippy and rude to everyone. After a hot night we were anxious to get breakfast and leave for the day, on our return we were subjected to the receptionist having a heated debate with another guest, on return to our room we found that a floor fan had…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and value for money,"Arrived on 27th July 2010.   Myself, husband and 6 year old.   Bit apprehensive after reading earlier reviews but apart from the Receptionist on arrival not being very welcoming, the rest of the staff were very friendly and did there best to accomodate all requests.  We would definately stay there again.  And it is very handy for transport/tube links.",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value Hotel,"Stayed at the Britannia July 2010, the rooms we stayed in are indeed dated but are really clean. room 314-315. We heard  a party of American's complain saying thier rooms were filthy,they said they had to put toewls on the chairs and the floor as they were discusting. The bar meals in the hotel are good and very cheap £2.99 for beef burger and chips,£4.50 for steak and chips  and£9.50 for a bottle of wine. They have happy hour up until 7.00pm selected drinks only £2.00 each.",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Seen better days,"This hotel has four things going for it,its location in Primrose Hill,free client car parking,C11 bus stops right outside,our stay was free via Tesco Clubcard.We stayed on rhe fourth floor,our bedroom furniture was chipped and stained,there were tiles missing in the bathroom,we had to walk around the floor standing TV,a dismal room.Breakfast was part of the deal,this was also poor with sausages,eggs and bacon deteriorating under the buffet heat lamps.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1135-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Much Better than expected!!!!,"We have just returned from the Britannia Hampstead Hotel and we were really surprised after reading most the reviews.. Checkin was easy and we were given a double room on the 5th floor. The room was large with a double bed and a sofa., decor,carpets and bedding clean and fresh.. We did not eat in the hotel as we were room only.. Checkout was at 11 but the hotel staff are happy to keep luggage behind reception if you have a late flight/train. We could not fault this hotel and will return next year.  Chalk Farm tube is approx 10 mins walk from hotel but if you prefer not to walk a number 31 bus will take you.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go with high expectations!,"The room was very hot and stuffy and had not been cleaned very well (previous occupants rubbish bag was behind the chair,), we couldn't use the hairdryer as the cord is drilled through the drawer and would not reach to the mirror. Only ate one days breakfast as we couldn't face it again, it was poor. The location was pretty good. We expected better from this hotel chain.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible,"I stayed in this hotel about a year ago. I found the staff rude, the rooms in need of decoration, shabby and barely clean. I couldn't sleep as the Walls were so thin I felt I was in bed with the couple making out next door. The food for dinner was cold and inedible. I would never recommend anyone to stay here.",None,1.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Such great value for money; I'm returning next month.,"I stayed at this hotel last July and have been meaning to write a review since! I don't understand all of the complaining about this hotel because when i stayed, all of the negative reviews I read seemed completely wrong. I was initially apprehensive due to the bad feedback but the price was simply too good to resist and I booked it anyway; it was a good decision.   As other reviews have stated, the outside was a little tired and could do with a bit of attention but what else can you expect for such a good price?  The hotel was easy to find from Chalk Farm tube station and when we arrived, the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, which immediately made me optimistic. The room was fairly old fashioned and had floral decore but this is my style of decoration, although I'm…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",an experience,"chalk farm tube is not as near as you think  to the hotel lugging cases up hill is not funny get a taxi !!! Room was like an oven window only opened about  8""  no bedside lamps or air conditioning not sure if you had to pay for it . The hair dryer the plastic had melted on the outside of the casing and you had to be on your knees to use it as the cable was thread thru a drawer which was too short ugh . breakfast nothing to write home about plastic eggs ect On the good side hotel room at the back fantastic view over London  very nice staff rooms were clean would i stay there again no not enough attention to detail even for a three star",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1140-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",the location was good.,"My Brother and I had 2 nights in this hotel.  It was good for it's location and you get what you pay for but the breakfasts ( full continental were stale and definitely not full!) were not up to par.  Our rooms were very hot (the windows did not open wide enough) and they gave me a large fan, which was on all through the 2 nights!!   My brother had requested a 'quiet' room but was given one on the main road side and his television remote did not work.  My bathroom had black mould around the bath edge and parts missing from the shower. The toilet was not clean (round the bend!) and the wallpaper hung from the wall in one area.  The maintenance man was very good (brother's television was fixed quickly) and we had to endure a wedding party's loud music until nearly 1 oclock on the…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel that time forgot!,"First impressions of this hotel, from it's main entrance into the reception area, it appeared out dated, dark and gloomy.  However, the girl on reception was most friendly and although we had arrived almost two hours before the set check-in time we were promptly given our room key and directed to the room. The room was on the second floor and was an adequate size for a double room.  Although we had specified a non-smoking room on our booking, the room smelled of stale smoke.  The bathroom was slightly musty and while clean could have been doing with a good old fashioned scrub with the use of some elbow grease!!  The wardrobes were dusty and the window - framing the not so beautiful view of the back of a neighboring block of flats - was filthy... Also, the window, of the old…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dated and dirty,"First impression of the hotel Fowey on entrance was that I was walking into the hotel that time forgot. On entering my small, stuffy room, it was apparent that not only had time forgotten the hotel, but so had the cleaners!  The carpets were stained, the wallpaper peeling and looking grungy. There were two separate ""rooms"" for the toilet with wash basin and shower (if you could call it that). The shower was rather dirty and grimy....needed a good blast from Cellit Bang!  The room was fairly small, just about manageable. The walls were paper thin. For most of the night I could hear next door's television blasting!  I think the worst part of the hotel was that it reeked of stale cigarette smoke! As if that when the smoking ban was implemented, they hadn't bothered to steam clean…",Date of stay: November 2009,2.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,The room was filthy. Wall paper was peeling fom the walls. The carpets and bed linen were stained and the windows were so dirty it was difficult to see through them. The ensuite bath room was smelly and dirty. It was that bad we refused to stay in the hotel and was transferred to the National Imperial Hotel in Russell Square which is very clean.,Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms stuffy and dated.,"It was 25 degrees in London, and the window was limited to opening a couple of inches - the room was like a sauna.  Hotel is in a great location, but is dated and the breakfast is poor. Its okk for a night or maybe too at max - needs updating.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1145-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","good value, nice area zone 2, clean room",nice bed with flat tv. bathroom good size and worked well. no window in the room as it was in the basement. but at the price with free parking it was the cheapest hotel of a good standard.   perfect if you are just goint to use the room to sleep and as a base.,Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","If you like original features in your bed room, you will love this !","Original carpets and curtains which look circa 1980's, dirty, stained and discusting. The furniture was dusty,  the chairs looked as if someones incontinent aunty had sat on them.  The bathroom was crudy and not very clean. The only positive thing about the room was the bedding was clean. My sons university accommodation is better than this!!!. The staff were friendly and helpful The social areas were satisfactory if looking a little tired. The breakfast was satisfactory. We stayed in this hotel for a short holiday break - the distance to the underground was quite a walk.",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here !!,"Overnight stay on a dinner, bed and breakfast basis.  The hotel was filthy and in a desparately bad state of repair, food poor and staff overworked and disinterested.  Since  departing I have written twice to head office with an official complaint sent by recorded delivery and both letters have been ignored.  I would at least think a courtesy acknowledgement could have been returned.  I guess it shows the comtempt that the owners and management hold their so called valued customers.   I will never return and never reccomend any of the Britannia hotels.  Photos also posted on this website.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Neglected and in need of TLC,We stayed one night at this hotel and were very disappointed.  The room was ok and had a nice shower and bed but the decor was badly in need of updating and the desk drawer was literally falling apart.  Both the leather sofas in the lounge area were badly damaged with the stuffing spilling out of the seat pads.  The wicker tub seats by the door to the terrace were in a bad condition with dirty seat pad covers.  The wall by where I had breakfast had plaster missing and the dining room chair cover was dirty and stained.  The manager (I took her to be the manager as she was instructing the receptionist) was very frosty.   We had dinner on arrival which was a buttet style.  The meat had been left out ready sliced and was dry and curling up.   On the plus side the receptionist was…,Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not even student standard!,"i stayed at the Britannia Hampstead hotel in march 2010 as part of a college residential trip, we were in London visiting the theatres and as this hotel was close to the underground station it seemed convenient to stay here for less money as oppose to the ridiculous city centre prices.   i wish i'd stayed in the centre.  when we first arrived at the hotel we were rudely treated and told to sign for our rooms, when going into the room we noticed a horrible damp smell that didnt seem to cease in the 3 days that we were there. also there were chunks missing out of the wall and the windows were impossible to see through. the ceiling of the bathroom had black mould growing above the shower and the wallpaper made my head want to burst! also the towels that were provided were not…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1150-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",lovely,"we read the reviews on here n i was quiet worried but we arrived at the hotel n it was really nice nt he staff were very friendly. It was our first stay in london so we askt the staff what places were local n they were realy helpful and even give us maps n tube maps and give us directions. The hotel woz quiet maybe because it was a thursday, the room was very clean and nicely decorated. breakfast was nice, overall i would stay again and we are planning to agen in a couple of months.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable and pleasant hotel,"Stayed for 4 nights - Room 505 on the Plaza Floor!  Spacious room, comfortable bed.  Some car parking available (also easy enough to find on street parking overnight).  Food was okay if not very exciting.  We arrived about 8 pm on our first night and ate in  - not much left on the buffet but I suppose we were quite late.  Breakfasts okay if nothing special.  After booking we read some of the negative reviews; and having stayed at the Britannia it is difficult to believe that the critics were at the same hotel as we were; as I would be happy to return there in the future.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",London's Best - For Value,"We checked this review site prior to our visit and were very concerned!!!  We even contacted our travel agent who offered an alternative at a much higher price but being on a budget we decided to chance it!! Although the exterior looked a little tired the welcome from the reception staff was very pleasant and we were given room 514, at the rear of the hotel with a truely magnificent view of London's skyline.  The room had been recently decorated although the bathroom was  a little ancient, lots of hot water.  Breakfast was excellent.  Staff extremely helpful and pleasent.  The location was first class, very quite with easy walking of Belzise Park, Hamstead and the amazing Camden Town.  The West End was 20 minutes away from the hotel by 300 yard walk and tube. We found one of the…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"Stayed 2 nights bed and breakfast. Twin rooms on the first floor were large, clean and nicely furnished. Breakfast was excellent with the highest quality bacon and trimmings. All in all a hotel that more than justifies its 3 star rating and I recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",This has got to be the worst hotel we've stayed in - ever.,"We have just come back from a superbreak theatre trip in London and were unfortunate enough to choose this hotel to stay in. Never posted a review before but have been so appalled by the state of this hotel just wanted to warn other travellers. First impressions were not good- the windows were filthy and the sign outside tatty. Our room was desperate. Situated on the fifth floor, its decore was old fashioned and sparse and the walls and ceilings displayed damp patches and dirty marks. The bathroom was dirty and the shower fittings hadn't been cleaned for god knows how long and had gunge oozing from them. The kettle provided for the tea and coffee facilities had black bits floating in the bottom which were coming off the rusty/burnt element so didn't both to make a drink. The…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1155-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Would deffinately recommend- fantastic value for money,"I booked this hotel as it was a great deal and i wanted to take a friend to london for his birthday. I was very anxious as there were some bad reviews but booked it regardless. I must say it was the right decision as this hotel had so many good features- much more than the small unimportant features that pernickety people had pointed out.   On arrival at the hotel we were extremely concerned as the outside was very dated with large windows which made it look like a hospital. However, on entering the building there was a welcoming reception, a pleasant bar and a nice looking breakfast room.   As we arrived at 8am and check in wasn't until 2pm the hotel staff allowed us to leave our luggage- Free of charge! They were extremely helpful and friendly throughout our stay- i cannot…",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Could do better,"Thankfully only stayed for a couple of nights.  This hotel is in dire need of some love and attention.  Our room was okay, basic and a bit dated.  The bed was awful, most uncomfortable, as my poor back can still testify.  Breakfast was poor, everything was there, but sad versions, eg. tinned fruit, tinned mushrooms, etc.  I was wary when we arrived and they took payment straight away.  The receptionist was polite enough, but she seemed to me like a lady used to fending off complaints.  There was a man in reception at the time demanding the number for head office, so I expect she had given him short shift.  The only good thing I can say is that we did get a very reasonable rate on the room, and it was quite convenient for the tube, to get the Northern line straight into the West…",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"After reading several poor reviews about this hotel we were worried about the state of the hotel. However we had no need for concern what so ever. We travelled with both sets of parents and were given 3 double rooms in the basement. All were newly decorated, clean, and very tidy. There was a small musty smell in the basement area but nothing of concern at all. The buffet evening meal and breakfast were of excellent value and the staff were very freindly and polite. We had no complaints about this hotel and would definately stay again. The location was a 5 minute walk from Chalk Farm Station and from there we were 5 / 6 stops away from Leicester Square. We were able to walk to Camden Town and Regents Park from the hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",VERY POOR,"We Stayed at the Britannia, for two nights, as part of a deal with Thomas Cook, which included rail travel, the location was fine, however, the hotel was poor looking and much in need of a re vamp. We were in a basement room, with no windows, which must be like Hell in the summer as we were very uncomfortable with the heat, and yes we put the central heating off.  When we came in at night and asked for a night cap, the Porter, who was on the reception desk as well, took a considerable time to appear and when he did, had no 'float' therefore had no change to give us when we paid for the drinks.  The second night, the queue at the bar was not long but the service was again so slow that we gave up.  Location was fine, 5 - 10 minute walk from the subway...  Decore was very poor, the…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Well located no frills hotel,"As other reviewers have said this is an hotel in need of some urgent updating, (certainly rooms 303 and 305). In its favour the staff were friendly and helpful, breakfasts plentiful, showers great with plenty of hot water. The location is very good, close to underground at Chalk Farm and walking distance to Camden Lock Market. (Not to be missed).  Be prepared for rooms to be noisey. We were facing the main road and windows are not double glazed.",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1160-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",great location,Just returned from staying 2 nights here. room on the lower floor didn't have a window but couldn't be faulted. Looked like it had been recently renovated and was spotlessly clean. Breakfast good and used Buffet evening meal which was good value at £10 per head. Good location for central London 3 tube stops and 10 mins walk away. Good value for money,Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A reasonable hotel,"Stayed at the Britannia Hampstead for 2 nights as part of a London Theatre Break,  Good location.  20 mins on the tube direct from theatre land.  Good buiffet breakfast and a good sized clean room.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Must be the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.,"In desperate need of refurbishment. Public areas dull & tired. Rooms filthy, furniture must have come from the skip. Only attempted breakfast once after being frog marched to reception to pay again despite being inclusive of my reservation - dinner looked awful. Very busy with cheap tour guests - unlucky them! Only bonus was location. Stay here only as a last resort.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A little dated but clean and accommodating,"I booked 7 rooms for 5 nights when we were working at Regents Park, the rooms were comfortable but a bit full of flowered wallpaper and chandeliers. The staff were friendly and welcoming if a little slow at times. The lifts are a bit scary though it feels like they have broken. An upgrade would vastly improve this establishment, however, you get what you pay for and we were very pleasantly surprised.  The parking is a bit of a nightmare, get there early and be prepared to move cars around. There is plenty of parking nearby though if you are getting up early. The pubs and restaurants nearby are great. All in all a good bargain! The bar stayed open until we left which wasn't that late.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Cleanlines is NOT their strong point,Just returned from The Brittania Hotel and the hotel was not impressive.  We were given two rooms the an interconnecting door.  We opened the door and could smell stale urine.  There was still urine in the toilet from the previous guests.  The I had a trple room for myself and two daughters.  It was a twin room with an extra bed squeezed in.  Hardly any room to move and it was a bedstead with a 2 inch mattress on top.  So not very comfortable.  All in all the hotel was NOT clean and I would not go back there.,Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1165-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",excellent hotel,"We have just returned from this hotel after spending one night here.  The staff were really helpful, polite, couldnt fault them.  The hotel itself was spotless.  We asked for a quiet, non smoking room and that was exactly what we got.  Room was very clean and tidy.  Breakfast was buffet style and had everything inc full english, croissants, every kind of fruit juice and endless tea and coffee.  Would definately stay here again, excellent, excellent.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"The room was average, the food was ok.  But the location was only the best thing about it.",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",great value hotel.,"stayed with 3 friends recently and would like  to say how suprised i was. having read other reviews (mostly negative) heres mine: room: yes the decor is tired and dated but clean (daily) spacious and adequate. food: full english, plenty of it, not gormet but o.k. a la carte dinner available, 3 courses, eat as much as you like, 9.99p bargain! bar: happy hour 12.00-19.00 (most welcome) prices reasonable. staff: helpful, hard working and polite. location: within walking distance to many areas including camden markets, roundhouse theatre, regents park and many shops, bars and restaurants with a cosmopolitan feel. 2 stops on the northern line from euston, ideal. overall: a very reasonablly priced hotel, everything you need for a short stay in london and with a bit more effort on the…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",do not in any circumstances stay here - NIGHTMARE!!,"We booked this hotel because of the proximity to Camden Roundhouse as we went to a gig and wanted to be able to stroll in after a few drinks etc.   We were given a room with no window - not even a fake one. It is a very strange experience waking up with no outside light, not one that I am eager to try again.   The receptionist was rude and unhelpful. Worst of all, they have charged me twice for my stay of 1 night, they are now refusing to accept that they have charged twice - even when I have emailed them a copy of my bank statement detailing the second transaction. Arguments are ongoing  Stay here, if your not fussed about such things as natural light, customer service, cleanliness, oh - and theft!   I have no idea how this hotel is rated as three stars. I've stayed in nicer…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",this hotel is bad,"I have been a guest of the Hampstead Britannia between the 28th of August and the 02nd of September 2009 and I can say that the only good thing about this hotel is the position: close to Primrose Hill/Regent's Park, 20 mins walk from Camden, 10 mins walk from Swiss Cottage and the Hampstead Theathre......all the rest is bad! The hotel needs an urgent refurbishment, the carpets are filthy and the rooms are poorly equiped. I was in room 513 and this didn't have not even a drawer therefore we had to leave our clothes on a table. The curtains were dusty and full of holes. One of the two elevators was out of order and we had to use the stairs as the hotel was busy and the wait would have been 10 minutes. The room service was bad (perhaps they were short in staff) and our room was…",None,2.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1170-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD VALUE FAIRLY CENTRAL HOTEL WOULD RECOMMEND FOR WEST END,"Good value for money, this hotel is close to several tube stations and only a few stops from the West End. We had a basement room which did smell a bit damp and had no windows but was otherwise ok. Was some cleaning noise going on fairly early on a Sunday morning at around 8am, but would not put me off staying again! Continental breakfast was quoted in the price, but turned out to be full English plus all the usual buffet fare, so highly recommended!",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A Mediocre experience - this review sums everything up.,"Well, a few friends and I stayed at this hotel for a night on our trip to london. When we arrived, we were greeted nicely by a lady who insisted we called her ""granny"" because her name was grenola or something similar.   The rooms are quite compact, though plentiful. The TV was good; nothing wrong with that but the rooms were quite dated and the lack of a balcony to open a wide window or two made the room stifling hot in march! The showers were good, as was the bathroom though a little compact. There seemed to be no kettle in our room, even though there was teabags and sugar. The carpet was a bit dated. The night we came a bulb blew near the door and an electrician was up within half an hour to fix it promptly which was good.  The hotel itself has mixed parts. The dining room…",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel ok -but expected better.,"Checked this hotel out on Trip Advisor and reviews were quite good.  My experience however was that the room was very, very small.  Decent sized bathroom, very squashy bed.  No window or air conditioning - room was in the basement or lower ground floor.  I had a 'pay for one night get one night free' offer so maybe that was why!  Room and bathroom were clean.  Lucky enought to get a car parking space but very small/tight car park with loads of building work going on.  Some of the decor dated but appears to be refurb ongoing.  Breakfast ok and loads of staff who spent all their time clearing up.  If some of them waited on guests with tea and coffee I felt the system would have worked better.  Hotel in good location for a visit to London - short walk from Primrose Hill which gives…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","good location, excellent value","This hotel is perfectly located if you want to explore north London on foot.  The hotel is within walking distance of Hamstead Heath and there are plenty of nice gastro pubs and cafes around.  If you want to go into central London, there is a bus stop outside the hotel or the tube station is 5 mins walk.  The hotel is not modern but it is clean enough and the service is very efficient.  We didn't eat at the hotel, so can't comment on the food.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The best hotel in London,"Absolutely splendid, good value, near to Primrose Hill, what more could you want. The manager here is definitely doing something right, food was great, bar was great, room service was sublime. Thank you for an excellent holiday!",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1175-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely location - nasty hotel,"My company put me up here for a few nights in June, and I was not too happy about it!  The location is great. Lovely wealthy area and lots of nice restaurants and a few shops nearby. Within Zone 1 and a choice of 2 tube stations with only a few stops to get into Central London. Free car parking is very good - however, you need to get to the hotel before 5 to secure a space or you'll need to find a space on the road which is pay & display until about 6pm. The car parking spaces are also very small and awkward to fit in.  The hotel itself is pretty nasty. Very dated and not particularly clean. The bedrooms have floral walls, floral carpet, floral curtains and dark wood furniture so they feel very chintzy and claustrophobic and smell a bit fusty and you can hear very clearly what's…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, reasonably comfortable, old fashioned hotel","This hotel looks not too bad from the outside. Spinning door impossible to get case through and a badly manned reception. Quick check-in once staff arrived however and small climb to room on second floor. Halls very dark and old fashioned yet clean.  Room was clean and quite comfortable with a surprisingly nice bathroom. Beds had no headboard however and cups for tea were dirty  Breakfast good yet staff very impatient and badly organised  Would look elsewhere before staying again, average experiance",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",close to camden.,"hi,i am just back from Hamstead Britannia and i think it was great value for money.The beds were really comfy and the staff were polite. Food wise if you are hungry after the restaurant is closed i would rec.ommend the sanwiches they are great. The hotel needs a little spent on the decor in the rooms as its a little dated. Very close to Camden and only 10 mins from Chalk tube station.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not perfect but ok for the price,"Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of June.  The hotel is an easy 10-15 minute stroll from Chalk Farm tube station in a pleasant residential area close to shops and pubs.  Approaching the hotel it does look a little scruffy from the outside and I think it's fair to say it is in need of refurbishment (which is underway).  Having said that there was nothing really wrong with our 5th floor room.  It was quite spacious and the room, bedding and bathroom were all clean (although air conditioning or a fan would have been welcome as there was very little ventilation due to window opening restrictors and London was in the middle of  a heatwave at the time so it was very difficult to keep cool enough to sleep!)  Whilst I agree with a previous poster that the cold meats should have been…",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, dingy and disgusting","Approaching the hotel, we thought it looked dirty but we were wrong, it wasn't dirty, it was filthy! We had to clean the bathroom before we could use it, the 'cleaner' had left her short black hairs everywhere and it stank of smoke and damp. I didn't mind that the furniture was old and needed replaced, I can cope with tired but not dirty.   Breakfast was also vile, I heard one of the waiters tell another to go get some more bacon from the microwave! My daughter couldn't get her knife through the croissant it was so stale. The toast was set out on an old tray, still trying to work out how long it had been there. They seemed to use the cheapest of everything, poor quality sausages and bacon etc, even the serviettes would have taken a layer of skin off your face!  Tea and coffee…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1180-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here at all.,"Stayed here thankfully for one night, it is a  grubby, tired old hotel, when you arrive it is very untidy outside, we parked our car at the rear of the hotel, clean laundry cages next to dirty greasy bins ans wastepipes, inside it smells stale and greasy, the windows are old and dirty, our room was grubby and shabby, dusty wardrobes, we left our clothes in our baggage , mildew around windows on the surrounding walls, curtains stained with damp stains, breakfast was passable but only just we only ate part of it and left the tea and coffee as the cups were greasy. This hotel should not be taking in guests it need closing down until it is cleaned and redecorated.",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",HAPPY STAY: We would stay again - friendly staff and clean place,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel during the time I received my MBE at Buckingham Palace (28 May 09). It, ideally, fitted in with a National Holidays week's visit to LOndon and so we booked for that week. It had to be right in order not to spoil this special occasion in my life. It was a great deal all round for us. The room and service we great. All the staff were helpful and friendly, especially a Polish waiter called Victor. Although they had builders at work, even they were respectful not to intrude, etc. We would and perhaps will stay again. The Primrose Hill area is beautful to walk around. Cheers Alec and Audrey",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Great value hotel for a short break,"Stayed in this holiday for a bank holiday break with my young son. Yes, this hotel could do with some refurbishment but it was great value, with a clean, tidy spacious bedroom and helpful staff. The breakfast was of a decent standard and the bar food was fine. Having read some of the reviews I had some reservations about what our stay would be like. However, for a cheap London break I couldn't fault the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Everything OK,We used this hotel as a base as we were going to a gig in Camden. I was a little concerned after reading some of the other reviews but every thing was ok . Considering what this hotel cost you could not complain . Plus free parking in London is a bonus . .,Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel was excellent but don't eat there.,"Excellent stay at the hotel. Clean sheets and towels everday. Room was clean ,no mold, cobwebs or other nasties you can find in a hotel in London for under $100 a night. Chalk Farm Tube takes you to city center in about 10 min. Also very close to Camden Market. Also I will make a note on housekeeping very trustworthy. We left 400 GBP on the dresser in our rush to get out the door and it was still there when we got back that evening. American's will find hand towel and bath towels but no washcloths. Beds were not the best in comfort but if you walked ,which you will in London, you will be too tired to care. Lift/elevator worked.   Restaraunt : I put this in a seperate paragraph because hopefully you don't base feelings of a review around a hotels restaraunt. The hotel restaraunt…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1185-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job!,"We went to a concert at the Forum in Kentishtown and found this hotel to be in the ideal location to use as a base for the evening concert and then a shopping trip in central London the next day The reception was good and the hotel generally ok - just a bit dated in decor. One of our two rooms was a triple which had a makeshift bed that made us all fall about laughing when we saw it,except the lad who had to sleep in it - i'll say no more!  The breakfast was o.k however we struggled to find a clean table to settle down on for our food. Compared to other London Hotels it was the price that attracted us and we got what we paid for. I would use it again as it was quiet and had a relaxed atmosphere but I wouldn't ask for another triple room!",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for...fair enough,"The decor is 1980's at best. It's jaded, faded or plain old falling apart, if it was your house you'd have had the decorators in years ago. BUT the staff are friendly and the hotel feels safe. It's 20minutes tube journey to Leicester Square and for the same price you'll not even get a hostel with shared bathroom this close to the centre of London.  We were there for a Xmas treat and were dashing around doing the tourist things so in total we were in our room for about 8 hours.   Value for money and conenience were great but if you want to impress someone or spend a lot of time loungnig in your room go elsewhere.",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby hotel, good neighborhood","This hotel was recommended to us by a friend who has a flat in the area. The neighborhood is residential, with shops and restaurants and even a laundrette, and the hotel is a 5-10 minute walk to the Chalk Farm Tube station. Unfortunately,  the room we stayed in was disappointing. The furniture was quite shabby and dirty. The bed was somewhat comfortable but the blankets were of the kind where you don't want to touch them with bare skin since you don't know how clean they are. The bathroom was good, with great water pressure in the shower. The room was rather large. The TV remote didn't really work. The room was VERY cold and when we asked the hotel to turn up the heat they replied that it was a cold night and that was the best they could do. Rubbish! The food in the hotel was…",Date of stay: December 2008,2.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Service,"On reading some of the reviews about this hotel, my initial thought was to to agree about the standard of the rooms being slightly shabby but I liked the lobby and the hotel had an old sort of quaintness about it that I liked. I was woken up early - even though I didn't have to get up early on the Mon morning at 8am by a rattling set of step ladders but then I did see a sign up later that informed residents of work being carried out on that date.My main reason however for feeling that I should write, was to say that I left a very good coat in the wardrobe and upon inquiring to ask if it was still there, was told that it was!! The lady at reception then posted it back to me the next day and I was grateful to receive it.I just thought that it was good service as I definately…",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for the price !!!,"Stayed here for four nights in Oct 2008,the booking was made via a travell company who provided transport from the North all for less than £ 200 p/p, this made the Hotel price about £40 / night which was very good. The Hotel itself is aged and in need of updating,the rooms were warm and apropiate for what we needed the water was hot and the room cleaned daily. The resteraunt was understaffed and sometimes we had to wait for a table to be prepared. The food was dull and boring but edible and as much as you could eat,the same applies for breakfast. The location is ok and Swiss Cottage station is 15 mins walk or you can walk to the main attractions in 90 mins . I wouldnt pay full price for this hotel unless i was stuck without a choice but as a package it was ok",Date of stay: October 2008,2.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1190-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Consider Alternatives Before Booking,"OK get this hotel into context.  It is in a good location with great access to Central London by tube or bus.  It is not expensive, myself and my wife stayed for two nights (room 516) at a rate of either £89 (double room only) or £110 (double room and breakfast) per night and one great perk is the fact that parking is free for the duration of the stay. In terms of the quality of the hotel it is extremely poor.  The rooms are very dated, the furniture is shabby, the beds should have been burned ten years ago and the whole place does smell with a combination of damp, decay, cooking fat and stale beer.  We did try the breakfast one morning but gave up after the first mouthful, the scrambled egg were luke warm and had a texture as though they had been mixed on the floor of the car…",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Poor Value,Shabby Rooms.","Hello, I hated this hotel,the price was simply a rip off.The hotel maybe well positioned,but the rooms are awful.There is no matress cover,the beds are uncomfortable.The rooms are falling apart. I complained on the day we arrived,but did not get anywhere.And wrote to the hotel on but no one had the decency to reply.They have your money and that's it. How can this place get 3 stars?? I will never stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby but Central!,"This hotel is in need of renovation however the staff were friendly,. the room large and clean and the Hotel is perfectly placed for shops and restaurants in North London. Would definately stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here..,"This hotel is badly in need of renovation. Not only that but it is very unkempt. Wallpaper falling off, stains on the bed, smelly and very dirty room. You would not let your dog stay in this! I'm not sure how they have the nerve to charge the prices they do. I think I would rather sleep on a park bench! What more can i say..dont waste your money. There are far nicer and CLEANER places in London.",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here!!,"Do not stay at this horrible hotel!  We arrived there for a late check-in on a Saturday night to find a raucous nightclub going on in the hotel bar and the lobby filled with degenerate teenagers (we overheard one saying to another:  ""Touch my iPhone and I'll slice you!"")  Not exactly a warm welcome.  As we were at the front desk, we heard another guest complaining to the receptionist about the noise from the nightclub.  The receptionist rudely told him there was nothing more they could do but have the music turned down, and that the party would end by 1:30am!  (Sorry - isn't a hotel for sleeping?!)  This was not a good sign.  However, because we had pre-paid for the room, we went ahead and checked in anyway.  Unfortunately our room was on the 1st floor directly above the…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1195-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Tatty, yes but value for money...",This is a hotel in serious need of a make over. The rooms are in a bad state and the reception / bar area are just so dull. However for £59 a night and with free parking only minutes from the underground or a short walk into London what can you say. If it's just for the night it is well worth it. Just stay out and use the room for sleep and washing and you're fine. If you are looking for some place decent and comfortable look elsewhere.,Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",needs updating,"the daily laundry service was spot on. they changed the towels, made the bed, and replenished our drinks. the room was very basic, carpet had seen better days, furniture old, and uncomfortable. bathroom was just ok. the meals were ok, but there was no way i would have paid £10.50 for a cooked one, it wasnt worth that. on the second night we asked for sandwiches as we were going to the theatre, and wanted to eat before we left. she was so rude was the lady who brought them , your late she said, it was just ten minutes. i could not believe it, i could have understood if it had been a cooked meal. when we asked for them again the next night, it took them 30 minutes to do a couple of sandwiches, they came squashed in foil, which we hadnt asked for, and it was not even the right…",Date of stay: July 2008,2.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague !,"Having seen the Hotel Website and the pictures noted, we decided to stay over in the Hotel paying £115 for a standard double rather than less for a lower quality Hotel.  We expected a failry basic but clean Hotel.  Oh how we were wrong!  This Hotel is a disgrace.  The room was shabby and dated and smelt like an ash tray. The windows of the entire Hotel are covered in grime and the beds may as well not have a mattress on them for the comfort they actually give.  The only positive thing about the Hotel is the fact that it is located in a nice part of London and is close to the Tube.  However, we are surprised that the locals put up with such an eyesore.  Never before have we been in a Hotel where we checked out early so we could go home to clean up!  As noted in the header - avoid…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",decent hotel,"Stayed at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel for 4 nights. I was pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. Yes, the beds were uncomfortable. But the room was clean and the hotel was a good value. The location was great, in a residential neighborhood, about a 10 minute walk from the tube. I would stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stop there!,"We stayed at this hotel for one night, The price was very cheap hence I thought the quality of the hotel may be below average and yes it certainly was! The bedding was dirty, the bed base was dirty and the bed creaked liked crazy! The decor would have been fine in the early 1980's but sadly is now a litttle dated. Cannot comment about the food as we didnt eat at the hotel. If you are not phased by cleanliness then this hotel is fine but if you are then steer clear!!",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1200-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible stay,"I stayed there for one night with a friend. We got the room cause it was cheap and close to the concert we were going to the next day. The second we walked in the door we noticed the old torn wallpaper. The bedspread had white stains on it. One can only assume what they were from. The window had cracks all along the frame. On top of it all, the toilet needed to be flushed 5-6 times just to get it to go down. The bathroom sink was cracked. The tile in the bathroom was dirty and also cracked. I only spoke to one person on the staff, and she didn't seem very willing to be helpful. I was just glad it was for only one night and because of the concert we didn't even stay in the room for more than just sleep.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Smoky smelly room,Just the most appalling experience - room stank of old fags - bad furniture - lumpy bed dreadful service - peeling paint work -sleep on a park bench but don't stay here!!!!!,Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The Chintz,"Work booked me in here for 4 nights. Looks ok from the front but the rooms are so old fashioned. Had an awful chandelier I kept banging my head off. The mattress was almost bare springs, didn't  dare look under it....! Was in the previously mentioned room 321 overlooked by a tower block. 8am wake ups with the service lift too. Wierd banging noise coming from the bathroom, I think it was supposed to be the extractor fan but it was broken. Breakfast was utterly awful no juice or water, no fresh fruit. Staff are pleasant enough, efficient but not friendly. Wifi is useless, only available downstairs and very very slow. This place desperately needs doing out, considering it is in a nice part of London they must be losing so much money! Then who spends much time in a hotel when they…",Date of stay: February 2007,2.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel room in 5 years,"Very uncomfortable beds, the base of the beds were dirty, unfriendly staff, lights that hang so low in the rooms you bang your head on them, leaky bath, ill fitting carpet, plates and cutlery left on corridors all day, base of bed was stained, condenstaion on windows all day. Poor breakfast, the whole place felt like it was stuck in the 1970s. A word of warning - this hotel is a sister of the Scarborough Grand which is renound for it's outbreaks for food poisoning.",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",awful,"the room was BIG but the mattress had 2 holes in it with broken ""sharp"" springs sticking out. We where cold and when we asked for a heater it did not appear. the rooms where tired and the bed linen had old stains, like the walls and carpet. By far the worst food i have ever had for the price. the chips was cooked in old fat, the meat was dry and you could bounce the potatoes up the street.  Be ware! eat breakfast at 7 as by 10 you are getting the same food, they do not bring out hot food during the morning,  we had to ask for it to be microwaved to heat it up.  Check your bill as we booked on line and when we arrived they tried to double the bill.",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1205-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad!,"My work sent me and a couple of my colleagues to stay here for a 5 days (10th to 14th September).  Based on other reviews, I came armed with some air freshener and a brillo (the later fortunately wasn't needed!).  Upon entering mine the room has a very strong smell of smoke, which the air freshener soon solved.  The following day the room again smelt of smoke, and again rectified by the air freshener, yet the following days after, the room remained smoke free, suggesting the cleaner was smoking in the room!  Apart from this, the double room was spacious, with a desk, coffee table, and chairs and a TV with Sky.   The bed was comfortable with sheets changed every day, and the shower was neither too hot of too cold and bath wasn't too small.  The lavish reception creates false…",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Desperately Needing Maintenance,"We stayed in this hotel for 2 days to join American friends who stayed 9 nights. Our room had an overpowering pungent smell of mould the cause of  which was all over the curtains, adjacent wall to the windows and the window pelmet. The photo's we took  are daming evidence. our friends from the US never had their sheets changed in 9 nights! and their mattrass had huge stains, including a large blood stain! and a nasty 3 inch spring sticking out of the mattrasss. Photo's are also available of this. Requests to replace mattrass were not actioned. Wallpaper in the room had several edges stuck down with cellotape. Whilst we found the front desk staff very pleasant our meeting with management over our complaints were disappointing and met with disbelief and an offer of less than 10%…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have stayed in and I travel a lot,"Curtains would not close leaving an 18"" gap.  A man appeared at midnight to fix the problem he ended up ripping the darts out of each curtain to widen them but there was still 8"" gap at the side.  Opposite was a block of highrise flats so that could see into our room at all times.  We had to change in the small bathroom which was always wet through due to no ventilation.  He said he would get the problem fixed the next day but he didn't.  Beds have springs sticking up and were lumpy.  Food was okay but just okay.   I would rate this hotel as 2 star at most.  It needs renovating.  Wallpaper old. ",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely Deplorable Hotel.  Do Not Stay, unless you want a terrible time","I had the most appalling stay at this ghastly hotel.  the room I was given (number 321) was directly opposite a service facility elevator, which is utilised by the housekeeping and cleaning personnel whilst servicing the rooms.  Being given this particular room meant that at 8 am on Sunday morning I was abruptly awoken by the crashing and clanging of this service elevator, which of course must have been the time period that the room service personnel began to operate.  Since this elevator produced such a loud excruciating, grinding and clunking sound with each and every extensive occasion that it was used, this meant that I was not only totally awoken in a terrible startled jolt, I also suffered awful sleep deprivation. However, the Hotel is little concerned, and further the…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"I always meant to write a note to the General Manager when I left, but decided not too - as the condition of the hotel made me think that he/she would not take the critisism on-board anyway.  It was in a badly kept condition, I agree with the previous review, it was just so dirty, the bed cover, the telephone, the light switch rim (all caked with dirt) and the remote control was in-ground with dirt around the buttons. The furnishings were old and tired.  I called for a pizza in the evening from room service, and was told "" they would see if the chef was around or had already left"". When it finally came, it was as expected, a disapointment (like a packet frozen pizza from Tesco's).  The reception staff were coldly efficient, nothing more.    Someone should spend some money on…",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1210-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Dreadful,"I've never written one of these reviews before but I really want to just warn people that they shouldn't stay here.  I stayed at the hotel with my boyfriend two weeks ago, for a weekend, and the hotel completely spoilt our trip.    We arrived to find we were placed in a smoking room (which absolutely stank of mould) when we had asked for non-smoking, at the end of a long coridoor lined with empty bar glasses and spilt piles of food. The room itself  was tiny, not even a full sized double bed for the two of us, the side of which was covered in brown stains.  The bed covering was dotted with burnt holes, and stank of cigarettes.  The decor was absolutely revolting, and the bathroom was so dirty that my boyfriend wanted to buy bottled water to clean our teeth.  I know it sounds…",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",It did it's job..,"I stayed here on a school trip. it was not ideal, but as I said, it did it's job. A touch of new wall paper and a clean up would do the hotel justice. Also, we were dissapointed to find that the lovely smelling hot breakfast was not available to our party. what a let down!!! If the windows opened, we wouldn't have boiled to dealth, as it was the middle of summer, and i would have prefered it if the rooms hadn't smelt of smoke. (and we even found a half-smoked cigarette in the bathroom!!!)  All the same, we survived and I lived to tell the tail. ",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",The worst service I've ever experienced,"We stayed at this hotel on New Year's Eve - and it was the worst hotel experience we've ever had. The room was unbearably hot all night, despite hotel staff insisting the heating had been switched off. Even with the window wide open, the room was too hot to sleep in. 'We asked for some water to be brought up to us to help us cool down - and at first, we were told that no one could bring us some. After another request, we were made to pay £3 in the middle of the night. When we complained, the duty manager was extremely rude to us, told us there was nothing she could do about ""such a small problem"" and walked out. The desk manager was so embarrased at her behaviour that he apologised for her behaviour. We have since complained to the Britannia head office, who say their staff…",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not 4 star,"Booked the Britannia International with Alpharooms.com 3 months in advance and paid up front. Received our voucher by e-mail and had no more correspondence.  We arrived on the due date on the due time, only to be told that there was no room at the Inn! Apparently, at the time of the booking (in September) their system was down and a double booking occurred! 3 months in advance remember and no further correspondence.  They sent us to their other hotel, ""of the same standard (4*)"", but no pool, ""but they would make it nice for us"". This hotel was the Britannia Hampstead. It was NOT 4*, I would have been pushed to give it 3*. We received a bottle of wine to ""make it nice"", which was not very nice at all! The room was a smoking room - not requested by us! The smell in the corridor…",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",good hotel given a bad name,"I totally agree with the last review of this hotel, I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel with my boyfriend and we wish we had made it 3 nights. I too booked the visiting family and friends offer @£29 a night, staff on arrival were pleasant and checked us in in minutes, having read previous reviews of this hotel I was dubious about the rooms but having read reviews for other hotels before and then gone and stayed in them I have found that some people want hilton hotels for travelodge money. anyway the room was fab,we even had a chandelier. good wardrobe and drawer space and even tho we had a room facing the street which is a main road, traffic noise was no problem. Didn't eat or drink there as we went to london to do camden and hampstead restuarant and pubs but…",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1215-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",what on earth is all the fuss about?... jeeeezzzz,"booked this hotel for 3 nights from 21st December through to Christmas Eve..... were visiting family so we booked through the hotel website on their 'visit friends and family scheme' (or something to that effect)....  the hotel is in primrose hill (excellent location), about a ten minute walk from chalk farm underground station.... or a minute on the number 31 bus across the road from the station.... (this bus couldn't be more frequent... runs every couple of minutes as far as we could tell)......  ok.. the hotel... hotel staff were pleasant, courteous, knew their job... the room was large, we were not falling over each other.... ok the furniture was not claridges but then we were not paying claridges money either... housekeeping was good, towels changed each day, room cleaned…",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, rooms OK","I have just returned from a Christmas Package booked through Shearings.  After reading other reviews I was prepared for the worst and even took my own air freshener! However the room was OK. The wallpaper is dated but the facilities were fine. In fact we had 15 drawers. The bathroom was fine, there were tea and coffee making facilities and a trouser press. The only downside was that the windows were covered in condensation every morning. What makes this hotel stand out for me is the location. You can walk to the top of Primrose Hill in 5 minutes and see the whole of London displayed in front of you. Then you can carry on to the canal and walk by Regents Park Zoo to Camden Lock. The markets there are fabulous and the place is buzzing. The hotel did not really seem geared up for…",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely horrific, horrible place, never again","Really this place is quite horrible.  If you are on a budget, I strongly advise avoiding this place and sticking with Ibis, travelodge type places.  I've stayed there three or four times, as my company has an account with Britannia hotels. Each time has been horrific.    The rooms are not just shabby and outdated, but dirty and smelly.  I'm a smoker, but I was knocked back by the stale stench greeting me in one of the rooms.    Each bathroom I have been in has been really quite disgusting, with bad housekeeping: hairs in the bath, poo in the loo and so on.  The beds are uncomfortable and the breakfast very poor.  Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Not all that bad!,"My friend booked our overnight stay here on laterooms.com.  It was a really good rate but I was really concerned reading the reviews on here.  So I was expecting the worst!!   However, it just wasn't that bad.  The location is fantastic, right in the trendy Primrose Hill/Belsize Park area.  Our room was fine, just like a guest house bedroom with individual style (albeit very dated!).  It was warm and spacious and the bathroom was fine.  It wasn't the cleanest if could have been but it didn't fell grimy.  We had a side facing room so even though we had our window open, there was no traffic noise.  The staff were very accommodating throughout.  We came back in from our evening out to have beers and sandwiches in the hotel bar at 11.30pm.  I wouldn't choose to stay here for a…",Date of stay: October 2006,3.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",a god awful hellhole,"This hotel claims to have smoking and non smoking rooms, but as there is no ventilation system to speak of, and no air conditioning, the smoke from the rooms below and above us was so heavy, I had an asthma attack. Literally! The windows don't even open more than a crack for some reason, so the smell of the place is pretty gross. The decoration can best be described as an eyesore, and with few exceptions the staff is overworked and surly. Basically, imagine a really old English pub, put a bed in it, and you have this hotel. There is really nothing good I have to say about this place at all. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1220-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",excellent service but the hotel needs Refurbishment,"Spend two days on a family holiday, for the price I think it was definitely a good deal. The hotel itself is about 3-4 miles for the main attractions so you need a transport. There is a bus stop just outside the hotel. The service and the food were very good, Both Breakfast and dinner were an open buffet with a good variety of choices. staff members were very friendly, and you can see that they are trying their best, rooms were clean, clean linen and every thing is in working order. Our room had a great view of London.  However the hotel itself is left to run down, the decorations are aging, the furniture and the painting needs immediate attention. ",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers,"This hotel is by far the worst hotel i have stayed in it makes Fawlty towers look like the Hilton ,it is that bad. On entering my room i was knocked back by the smell of damp lucky my work collegue was in the room next as i ended up sharing with him when i explained to the girl on the reception desk about the room she said it was a smoking room??. I explained that it was not smoke i could smell and that i did not require the room she then said there would be no refund as i had already checked in!! My friends room was not much better with ripped curtains and a disgusting bathroom. I am not overly fussy about hotels but the best about this one is the door out!!!! ",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay in this hotel,"We checked in, saw the room, and immediately checked out again. There is no way that this is a 3 star hotel, even by London standards. The furniture looks as if it has been salvaged from the dump, the bathroom was unsanitary and I felt more dirty having been in the room than travelling on the underground. In fact, the toilet hadn't been flushed properly from the last occupant of the room which sums up the experience. We were shown a better room which was marginally more comfortable but there is no way I would stay there. It's out on a limb where transport is concerned (Chalk Farm tube station as opposed to Swiss Cottage as advertised on their website) and there didn't seem to be any restaurants or cafes within sight. ON NO ACCOUNT CONSIDER THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO ENJOY YOUR…",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel EVER !!!!,"this has to be the worst hotel that i have ever stayed in the rooms were damp very smelly and old fashioned i had to clean the bathroom sink and toilet before we used it my work colleague had to move rooms due to the damp and dirt in his room. the breakfast was inedible the eggs were powdered and were more like soup the sausages were off and the bacon was so hard we couldnt cut it up the staff were the rudest and most unhelpful i have ever met we stayed on a business trip and my colleagues and i moved too another hotel and we could eat, shower and sleep in claen rooms this hotel should be shut down ",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",definitly not 3 star,"I read your previous reviews but still went for 3 days. we booked 2 twin rooms and a double. One of my friends room had a window which would not close and someone had stuck a pillow into it. The window and frame were covered in mildew. My other friends were in the double room and it had a damp smell within the room. My room was adequate but not what I would expect of a 3 star hotel, the curtains were old, shabby and TORN. All the bathrooms were poor and although possibly clean, they looked dirty especially around the wash hand basin. Sealant had been put directly over mildew. My friend could not stay in his room and moved in with me (unfortunately we could not move that night) but all three of us moved to another hotel after another day. I have stayed in London quite a few times…",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1225-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",not too bad,"It's old and a bit tatty, but for the money it isnt bad. It also does give you access to Primrose Hill, 15 minutes walk. There are some cool pubs and gastro-pubs and nice little shops and restaurants very near by. Breakfast there, better value than £10 at the hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2006,3.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",excellent vallue for money,"Having read previous reviews of this hotel rather nervous about booking. However, wanted a hotel within walking distance of Hampstead Theatre and was very pleasantly surprised by this one. Large double room with good sized en suite. Room clean, tidy and warm. TV with satellite channels. Tea and coffee making facilities. Staff friendly and efficient - (light bulb had gone in bedside lamp - changed within minutes of phone call). Check in and out easy. Price unbeatable at £45 for 2 people (breakfast extra) Will definitely return. ",Date of stay: January 2006,4.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, Poor Service","Filthy bathroom, had to clean toilet before I could use it, layer of dust on shelves and old hairdrier, encrusted dirt in corners. Duvet had brown stains on it.  When I asked for it to be replaced it was just taken away.  Service on reception abrupt.  I paid extra for an 'executive' room.   I suspect 'full' prices quoted on a well known late room booking site are rarely charged.  Receptionist wouldn't tell me usual price for my room. Breakfast restaurant dirty - tables were not cleaned between diners, some resorted to clearing tables themselves, cutlery dirty, food quality poor, and items were not replenished as they ran out without asking and waiting. Stay away. ",Date of stay: September 2005,1.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Hotel,"We booked this hotel before we saw the other reviews on the internet.   The negatives: - This was our least favourite hotel in our 6 week stay in Europe. As other reviews have mentioned, we agreed that the decor was dated, and we had little confidence in the cleanliness of the room and bathroom in particular. The bed was not comfortable, and the heating did not work properly. We didn't feel that secure after we saw a suspicious looking character (definitely not a cleaner) trying door handles and looking into each room in our corridor. We padlocked our bags together after each day after that, and notified staff.  The positives: - the suburb and street was nice, and felt safe. The room was large, and we found the staff to be reasonably (but not overly) friendly. Breakfast was…",Date of stay: February 2005,2.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","Old,Damp and Haunted","Me and my wife  missed our flight and had to stay one extra night in London. We book the Hotel trough the Internet for what i thought was a good 51.50 Pounds. The closest underground station is swiss cottage,so its a long walk from there to the hotel and with luggage it can really ---,its very nice around there and safe do. We get to the hotel and the first thing that hits us when we  arrived to the front entrance and you enter a revolving door is  the ""Horrible stinck"", like mold  or old i dont know just awfull old awfull. Staff at least with us was ""OK""not nice but not rude either.Like robots they did there tasks and that was about it. The Hotel elevator was Creapy.It felt we where in the 1800 it was wierd looking smelly doors where creapy. The hallways are old worn smelly.All…",Date of stay: October 2005,2.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1230-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Staff's attitude needs improvement,"After viewing last post, I decided to stay this hotel for 3 nights. The size of the room is very good, comparing with most of the hotels I have ever stayed in London.  However, as some others have commented, the deco  and furnitures of the room are aged, so is the bathroom.  I can put up with these since in general the room is clean and everything (shower, lighting, etc) seems to be working properly.  What's hard to tolerate is the attitude of some staffs.  For instance, I asked in my second day whether I could change my room since the neighbour was very noisy at night, and I was told they can't help me over the phone, and I had to go to the front desk myself.  When I checked out, one of the lady staffs served me.  I knew she wasn't in good mood as soon as I saw her face-- she…",Date of stay: October 2005,2.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",What's the problem?,"I booked this hotel for a Saturday night stay through the hotel chain's own website.  Even though I had already read all the (very negative) reviews on here, I needed somewhere with a car park in North London and at a reasonable price.    The hotel was in a great location  - quiet and residential - and within walking distance of at least three Underground stations.  Primrose Hill is a few minutes walk away, complete with fantastic views of London, and Camden Town is around 15 minutes on foot.  We arrived at 11am and, quite understandably, our room was unavailable.  The service we received at reception was very professional and friendly.  We left our bags in a locked room and were given receipts for them.  At no point did I worry about security.  There are CCTV cameras on the…",Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst....,"I can only add my agreements to what others have written. I stayed here for 2 nights, purely because I needed to be in the Hampstead area for work.  I was immediately concerned when I saw the reception area looked like it had not been decorated since the 1970's with their rates displayed with stick-on letters on a board.  The room was small, dirty and had very basic amenities. The bathroom had lots of ""silverfish"" on the floor (a type of insect found in damp places) and these were also on the bedroom carpet, so I had to keep shoes on at all times.  I was very glad to leave, and would not recommend this hotel to anyone. ",Date of stay: February 2004,1.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"This honestly has to be the worst hotel i have ever had the misfortune to stay in. the furniture was shabby, the bed was lumpy and dirty. i was kept awake by noisy people having a party until 3am in the morning in the next room, despite complaining to reception. this hotel is stuck in a time warp and needs to be demolished. dont stay here if you dont have to - i have seen better hostels. ",None,1.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","decrepit furnishings, unfriendly staff, very uncomfortable stay","We chose this hotel primarily because of its location (it being close to where our friends live). But even that convenience, as well as the fact that it is situated quite close to Regents Park (which we like a lot), is very unlikely to tempt us to choose it again, much less recommend it to anyone else.   We booked our room through the internet so supposedly paid a discounted price, and to be fair the rate was quite a reasonable one given London's inflated prices. However, the interior of our room was absolutely appalling. The mattress was old and very uncomfortable to  sleep on, furnitures were creaky (wardrode handles falling off the doors, beds wobbly), the bathroom fixtures (tub, toilet, sink) were all ancient and primitive, and didn't give you any confidence of…",None,1.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1235-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",A good place to be robbed.,"How our trip was ruined, and we were ROBBED due to staff carelessness and continue to be robbed through management callousness.  The facts of this robbery  were reported to, documented by, and verified by, the London Police department.   In April 2003 we were paying guests at this London hotel.  We occupied two rooms.  The following is a brief description of the incident which ensued, and subsequent developments. My friend went out shopping and left me to catch up on work in my hotel room.  I am a software developer so I always travel with two laptop computers.  One contains a complete backup of the other, since my software is very valuable and took years to develop.    My friend left me her passport and several thousand dollars to hold while she went out.  I placed these items…",None,1.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London","good location, but loud and not very clean","We got a discount by booking the rooms over the internet. At that time (Nov. 2003) the hotel advertised as a quiet location which it is not at all, as actually next to a main road and opposite a bus stop. The furniture is OK but old. The rooms were not very clean and the personnel at the front desk neither helpful nor friendly. The hotel is located in walking distance to Chalk Farm tube station though, which is a plus. All in all I cannot recommend the hotel. ",None,2.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d195394-Reviews-or1240-Britannia_Hampstead_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Britannia Hampstead Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location - poor food,Good location with that rarity in London - a car park. Rooms abit shabby but if you get a discount price they are good value for London. Food poor and overpriced (dont have breakfast - £10). Good restaurants around the corner  plus a breakfast bakery. ,None,2.0
