,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or0-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Budget Hotel,"This hotel was unlike anywhere I've stayed before. I stayed for two nights, and at around $100/night, I might expect a bit more most places... BUT, this is London. The stairway was quite steep and narrow, but it was a bit fun. It felt like you were staying in a secret house. The room was small, but again, it's London for $100/night. Of course it is small! The bed was adequate, there was a television with many channels, and the breakfast was quite good. The room was clean. The shower in my room could've been a bit cleaner, but it worked well enough.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or0-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Spend a little more money and stay somewhere else,"The pictures speak for themselves. Breakfast was shameful. I ended up eating out every day. Awful showers, uncomfortable beds with mattress toppers that dont even fit properly so it creates an uncomfortable ridge. Real shabby in places. Almost cried when I arrived home because I was free from the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or0-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Vacation in December,"Hotel without a lift, had to carry all languages up to the third floor.  No Breakfast  or very poor even the Breakfast room was so small it hardly fits all visitors if they had to come down at once.   Rooms are very small and dark.  We will never stay in this Hotel as although it is very close to Oxford street it is very poor to anything you need in a Hotel.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or0-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",a HOT Harry Potter closet room...,"I had a 3-day prepaid stay and left after the 1st night... the rooms are super small and HOT!! after 1 hrs of talking a shower my hair was still wet!!! the room and all inside were tiny... the shower can't even wash my legs and not even a place to put the soap, had to throw to the floor every time I used it. no closet or drawers, no elevator, no air condition, and the reception staff were unresponsive... the only good things about the hotel are location and breakfast (and breakfast staff).",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or0-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful for solo traveller and fantastic location!,"I stayed in a double room on ground floor and would absolutely recommend.   My stay was a flying visit to see friends so literally needed somewhere with a good location, this hotel exceeded my expectations.  Staff were super friendly, location was absolutely perfect and is there a better way to start a day in London with a run around Hyde Park?! (Located just a couple mins away) Room was modern, bed was comfortable, breakfast was great and left my suitcase there for the day and picked up on my return for my train back out of Paddington.  Ground floor may get a little noisy for people passing and kitchen/breakfast in the morning but I wasnt affected by this at all. Surrounding area was safe as a solo woman and I got an uber back from oxford street at night for just over £5.  Would stay here again!…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or5-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",One night business stay ,"In London for around £100 you get very little. Didn’t expect too much from this stay, but it was pretty good for the money.  Decent size rooms, free WiFi, good shower, pretty clean.  Basic breakfast of continental type and toast and eggs.   Ok for a one night business stay. ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or5-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid!,Staff was unresponsive to valid concerns. Hot with no air conditioning and very stale air. Shower was scalding. Tiny bed and washroom. And there was one plug in that was overloaded. Very unhappy and would not recommend. ,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or5-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous ,"Dirty, shabby, basic rooms.  Terrible noise insulation so I was kept awake all night by other people coming and going.  The staff couldn’t care less.  If this was the last hotel in London I wouldn’t stay here again. Awful. ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or5-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",The most noisy hotel I've ever stayed in.,"My family and I recently stayed at the hotel for one night. Thankfully only one. Our room was number 1. Basically below reception. It was incredibly noisy as we could hear anyone walking up & down the hallway. Wooden creaky floors are not a good mix.  the worst bit was having some people staying who were drunk & noisy at 1am and wouldn't stop shouting and swearing. Some outside & some in the hotel entrance! For around half an hour, nobody did anything to stop them. I had a 3 year old who was awoken by this & unable to settle. I kid you not, you could hear word for word what they were saying (that said, I hope the girl talking about forgetting to take her pill that day doesn't get an unexpected bun in the oven!) I thought there must not have been staff on because surely someone…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or5-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible. Never again.,What a dirty hotel. We saw cockroaches in our room. We told the staff but they didn’t care. There’s a reason it is so cheap. It is a nice neighbourhood and very central but I do not recommend it. There are better deals around.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or10-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Thinking of staying here...don’t!,"Pro: cheapest place in this area.   Cons: Dirty! Old. Cramped. Noisy with creaky floors above and street noise (by hospital). Shower only had scalding or ice water, nothing that you could use to actually take a shower. Could hardly turn around in washroom. Tiny room. Super hot and stuffy. One plug in per room that operated tv, fan, lights, router...read, no where to plug your devices in. Overcharged when I booked direct through their site. We left before breakfast started at 7:30 so we missed out. No amenities. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or10-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",An easy walk to Paddington,"I chose the Griffin House Hotel for one night as it is a very easy walk to Paddington Station as I had an early flight out of LHR and could catch the train there without fuss. The room I stayed in was below ground and only had one window which opened out into a hallway which had skylights. Not a luxurious place to stay but clean enough. Both people manning the front desk when I checked in and out were pleasant. For my needs, it was a fine hotel.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or10-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Less than average,"So this place is not the ritz, but I didn’t pay for the ritz. Location: Good Cleanliness: Didn’t see anything to concern me Upkeep: did look tired, walls and carpets leading down to the basement could do with a bit of a refresh.  I was in a basement room, very basic, amazing how they have fit the bathroom in such a small space. No tea or coffee available in the room Very warm, but did provide fan, just wasn’t very powerful  Incredibly noisy, not from the road outside, but from the reception room above, was woken many times in the night due to this. In terms of staff they could not have been less interested either on arrival, collection of my key after being out for the evening nor on checkout. Very glad I was only here for 1 night and had plans for the evening",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or10-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Great short stay,"Not sure the reasonings behind some of the lower ratings.   24/7 staff were great. Couldn’t complain about the en suite room either. No noise from the outside, location is great; being in the center. To top it all off the breakfast in the morning did the job perfectly.   Recommend.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or10-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Fit the bill perfectly ,"I stayed here for one night whilst in London on business. My primary reason for choosing here was location as I needed to be near Marble Arch.  I arrived at 9.30pm. Easy to find, and a very prompt and friendly check in. I was allocated room 13, a single with a shower and sink and private toilet located outside of the room. This was fine- I knew this was what I was getting when I booked.  Room was small but comfortable, clean, suitably decorated, with TV.  The continental breakfast was great, plenty of choice, along with tea/coffee and the choice of scrambled or fried egg on toast.  I was able to leave my overnight bag free of charge and picked it up after my meeting. The chap on reception was friendly and efficient.  For the price I paid for central London, this place fit the…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or15-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"We chose the neighbors but we did not chose the hotel very well. It was a rushed decision and it is true that we barely checked the reviews (we used another website though) so we got punished and we ended up in this place that is dirty, loud ant the room that we got had a terrible smell of cigarettes.....TERRIBLE. The people were nice and breakfast ok but unfortunately this not enough to forget the condition of a place with a lot of potential....if only was clean!",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or15-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Evening out in London for Remembrance Sunday,"I've stayed in many hotels, but this one left me speechless. The tiny room we were given was at the front of the hotel, which obviously very noisy. I had trouble sleeping in it because of an awful smell, which made my asthma really bad, plus the room itself wasn't great. Went for breakfast the next morning, where we asked if we were going to be long on the table, because they needed for other clients, we had been at the table just ten minutes. The the lady noticed our key she said quote "" o you are in room 9 was you ok in that room, we only just finished painting it an hour before you got here, absolute joke, then I knew that was reason I couldn't sleep. I would have complained when we checked out, but I was frightened they might have offered me a free night another time",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or15-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Short visit to London,"The hotell is sity\uatet quit perfect close to Hyde park where we hadseveral ""strolls"", also down to the lake and enjoyed a nice coffe.  We had a room in tha ground flloor which was a bit stuffy...  The bathroom was very small, but did the job if you not are one of the peoople who need more than just s quick shower etc.  The beds were ok, no luxury - just ok. Outside some nice small cafees etc. And: breakfast was very nice in a smal room with some akward placed tables, but comfortable enough, with a shef that took your order and prepared egs, bacon and toast on your wish. Very friendly staff here.  I bit irritating with the resepsjonist who was more oqupied with playing videogames on ihis lap top than paying attention.... but when we first got his attention - he was all ours :-)…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or15-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,First impression of outside and reception - good.   We had a room on top floor  - carpets are very grubby on all floors. To get to our room we had four sets stairs - last set were extremely narrow and steep. The room had grubby carpet and walls; shower room tiny.  Upside: room was at back of building and very quiet; beds were comfortable.   No Tea or coffee making facilities in the room; breakfast was ok - although on our last morning we missed breakfast as I could not face the trek back up to our room.    Hotel could do with a makeover........sad and grubby.,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or15-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but doing the job,"I stayed at Griffin House Hotel for one night - I basically chose it for its cheap price (finding a room in Central London for less than 100 pounds is quite difficult...). I had a single room which was super small but clean, however it smelled weirdly in the morning -- might have come from the street but I am not sure. The breakfast was very basic, and variety not too extensive -- no plant-based milk, which was a pity. But wifi was for free and the bed was quite comfortable. All in all, it is an OK option to stay in but really nothing fancy at all.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or20-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",This place is awful,The rooms are in very poor condition. There was plaster falling off of the walls and large dirt patches above the headboard. The quality of the accommodation at the prices they charge is absolutely disgusting.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or20-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Wat a dump!!,Overpriced and in very poor condition ! Quite happy to take your money and definitely don't care as regards to condition of the rooms ..the most expensive and the worst place I've stayed in in London 😭,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or20-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Good 3* hotel with great location,"Just few steps from busy Marble Arch in a quiet location. The hotel itself is bit vintage, poor furniture and very small bathroom. The room was ok, nice view. Lot of stairs to the top, but ok. It was clean but smell it like an old hotel. Continental breakfast was ok, but nothing special.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or20-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Better than sleeping at the airport.,"London is an expensive town, so I was glad to find a hotel in the center of town for only  £119 following a two week trip to Scotland.  However, as they say, you get what you pay for.   The ""room"" was on the fourth floor up a steep flight of steps (good thing I only had a backpack) and was small (about the size of a walk in closet), stuffy, and dingy with signs of recent water damage and had to prop the window open with a coat hanger.   I am not a picky traveler by any means, but the unwashed, recently soiled sheets on the bed were just gross.  A stripped the bedding and slept in my sleeping bag.  I would give the place a one star rating except for (1) wi-fi, (2) its good location in the heart of Little Beirut with numerous great Middle Eastern eateries, (3) proximity to the…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or20-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible stay. Not worth the money at all...,"My stay here was terrible. Very poor indeed. I think I only managed to get about 1 and a half hours of sleep through the night due to the amount of noise that was being made throughout the corridors and reception area (I should note my room was on the ground floor next to a set of stairs and very near to the reception).   No plugs in the walls except for one extension lead which already had some things plugged into it.   The bed was uncomfortable and creaked every time I moved. Dirty room with marks on the walls and poor lighting. Bathroom was okay but the shower only has 2 settings, icy cold or blazing hot - there is no in-between which was inconvenient.  Only thing good about it was the location not far from Marble Arch tube station which made it easy to get to places. …",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or25-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy - Tiny Rooms - Fire Trap,Room 7 was up one flight of stairs that were covered in a filthy beige carpet. The room itself was grimy and the decoration was poor. There were no curtains on the 2 eye level windows. There was a large amount of dust in the room especially the radiator. The sheets looked grubby and there was no headboard on the bed. There was plaster missing from the wall behind the bed. The carpet was so disgusting that I decided against walking on it in bare feet. The ensuite was accessed by a sliding door and was home to a colony of silverfish. The toilet seat was loose and the shower door was rusty and loose. It was late when I arrived and I was unable to find alternative accommodation that night. My booking was for two nights but I found another hotel to spend the second night in. Overall…,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or25-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","I spent 2 nights at Griffin House Hotel, it is a very nice, very welcoming, and very charming place to stay","The room was very nice very clean, a nice decoration, a very clean bathroom, perfect for my business trip. Richard the receptionist was very helpful very warm, always ready to help you and to make your stay easy! The breakfast was delicious and served with smile",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or25-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and compact in a good location ,Compact and could do with some attention - the walls are a bit marked and the electrical sockets seemed temperamental. But if you are looking for a basic place to stay in a good location this serves its purpose well enough. Reasonable range of options at breakfast and all the staff we spoke with were friendly.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or25-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing and Basic,"First impressions from the outside good, and reception was pragmatic and efficient. (Don't expect a warm welcome).  There is no lift so carrying heavy bags to the third floor was painful up and along the narrow staircases and landings.  The decor is worn at best and dirty at worst, well past it's use by date. The electrical wiring and sockets looked dodgy.  The room was so small, there was no space for my suitcase and me to stand on the floor together.  There was a shower and hand basin in the room, the toilet was along the corridor and above the stairs and if you need leg room in the loo this was not the loo for you!  The shower had two temperatures. Very Hot and Very Cold.  The bedding was clean and the continental breakfast was good.  Not a hotel to spend any time in.  I…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or25-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Fantastic location, really helpful friendly staff. Small room and bathroom but very clean and functional. Great price for the area. Breakfast was available but didn't have time to have it. Stairs were something else ( Had room 15 on top floor!) Over all had a good experience, would stay there again and certainly recommend.  :  )",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or30-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, fantastic staff","Have stayed in this hotel 3-4 times this year on short business trips. Clean and tidy,  excellent breakfast cooked to order. 3 mins walk from all the amenities of Edgeware Road incl. Supermarket nearby. Less than 10mins walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Highly recommended",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or30-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Ok, if you are not planning to spend too much time at you room.","Perfectly located in walking distance to oxford street and hide park. Friendly staff, but the rooms are very small,dirthy and the walls are paper thin. The beds are also small, but comfortable. Simple breakfast with eggs of you choice and toast.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or30-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Solid 3 stars.  Great for the price and location.,"Stayed for 5 nights.  I'm used to the small size of the rooms in London, but this was one of the smallest.  The bathroom was tough because I am a larger than average person, but it was usable.  The water was plenty hot and I took my normal 10 minute shower no problem.  The room could definitely use a little more storage space.  The rack that is available for hanging clothes was okay, but I couldn't unpack my entire suitcase onto it, and I'm a light packer. The bedside table was fine for holding my books, water bottles, snacks and c-pap machine, and there were plenty of outlets thanks to two power strips provided. The television reception was patchy, but I wasn't there to watch TV, so it was not a problem.  I found the bed to be quite comfortable, surprisingly - I am used to them…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or30-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",The room was definitely bad,"A room located underground, exactly under the lobby (so that each time somebody entered the hotel, I heard their steps loudly) without speaking about the toilets of the reception also located above the room and which made a huge noise each time they were used... No table nor desk (of course) A very tiny bathroom Really a bad room. Otherwise, the hotel looks nice from the outside..!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or30-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely disappointing.,Overall the hotel was terrible. We were a family of three. The staff was unfriendly and we did not feel welcomed. We booked for five nights but we checked out after the first night because of various reasons: The photos of the rooms on the website did not look like the actual rooms.  We wanted to have our coffee in the breakfast room but they refused to let us stay because we did not want to eat. They told us to take our coffee and go drink it upstairs in our small room that doesn't even have a table or a chair to enjoy the coffee. The room and the bathroom smelt terrible and they were too small considering we booked a triple room. We had to carry our big luggage up the stairs to the second floor without any staff member offering help.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or35-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing clastrophobic single room,"Booked for 7 nights as single adult traveler. I got tiny single room, about 2*2.2m where the toilets were outside the room under the stairs. The toilets were very small, where one should have a flexibility of Chinese rubber girl in order to sit and relax there. obviously there no place for towel in the toilets.  After one night (actually 12hr upon arrival) I paid a fine, and run away to different hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or35-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value.,"I dont know where the moaning critics were staying, not here! Fantastic location and incredible value for a hotel 5 mins walk from Hyde Park and Marble Arch. The MOST friendly and helpful staff. The room and bathroom were small (impossible to sit on the toilet without crushing your legs on the shower cubicle), the corners, paintwork and carpet were not clean but the linen and bathroom were immaculate and the bed was comfy. Perfect for a one or two night visit. Breakfast was good but I would have liked tea and coffee making facilities in the room.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or35-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",3 Stars is generous! ,"Our stay at Griffin House Hotel was more than disappointing. With a group of 3 we were given the downstairs basement level room with 1 double bed and 1 single bed.  The amount of space in the room was perfect for the three of us to use with 3 carry on sized bags we were comfortable.   The beds were extremely uncomfortable and hard. The mattress was covered by only a flat sheet which moved throughout the night and no top sheet was given the Doona was the only blanket provided. Linen appeared clean however a pin was found in the single bed.   The room smelt damp, most probably due to it being on the basement level.   The bathroom was the most disappointing aspect of the room. The shower head was filthy with a massive build up of limescale I'm not sure it had ever been cleaned. The…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or35-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a one night stay,"I needed a small room in the centre of London as I was meeting friends for the evening and then had a short drive to another location in Westminster the next morning. I wanted no frills, somewhere to lay my head and considered hostels etc, but stumbled across the Griffin House Hotel and I was impressed.   The hotel is located on a quiet street just off Marble Arch. You are really in the thick of it, but just a street away so you are no disturbed by the throng  of shoppers/party goers/Police sirens etc.  As I stayed Saturday into Sunday I was able to park for free outside. Please be aware there are some resident's spaces that require a pass and you will received a ticket if you park in them at any time.   My room held a single bed and was small, but it was exactly what I…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or35-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Who Said Small Was Beautiful...................,"Single rooms in this day and age - only in Mayfair, London I guess. How they fitted the actual bed in the room was the only mark of excellence but god forbid the cleaners who have to try make the bed or even open the window! Three floors up and no lift, a lock on the door that was older than me and when you sit on the toilet your feet are in the shower. I guess it was clean enough as really, other than the 100 year old carpet, there was nothing in the room to get dirty. The sink being blocked added to the experience.   On a good note the ladies downstairs did fry me some lovely eggs with a great coffee and yes they were very pleasant indeed.  But hey one might say what do you want in that area of London for £85 per night - personally I want MORE!",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or40-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Cheaper over night stay in London,"Clean,welcoming and friendly. We stayed in a very small ground floor bedroom. The bed,floor and bathroom door squeaked and we did feel uncomfortable to think people in reception could hear us. We only wanted a bed for the night and it was fine for that. We didn't have the breakfast option or use the shower.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or40-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Disapointing,"Tiny rooms, cleanish, no information packs in room,location good. Appreciate it is in a ""good area"" but leaves a lot to be desired. Breakfast area again tiny with poorly arranged seating arrangements.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or40-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful hotel in great location,Stayed here for 3 nights. Great base 5 mins from Marble Arch. Rooms very small but clean and warm. Bed ok  Breakfast included was fine and enough to set you up for he day Staff were friendly and helpful.  Fine for a budget break to London with no frills. We left the room after breakfast each morning and didn't return till bed time so didn't need anything fancy.,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or40-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Just Clean,"I stayed for five days. And here came only cold water for five days. I could not shower the right way. And I get angry with their attitude. They were not at all sorry. Here is Clean...just clean! and very small. You may not expand the right leg while sitting on the toilet. and If you are sensitive to noise, this place is not very good.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or40-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip one night,"Perfect for what I needed, an overnight stay for work. Bed although small was comfy, room warm and clean and although on the road side very little noise. Breakfast of cereal and fruit was nice. All staff were friendly and helpful. Location perfect for marble arch, oxford st etc. Wouldn't recommend staying for leisure trip as the room really was tiny but just right for what I needed and would stay again for business purposes",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or45-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Only plus is the location,"Spent only one night at this hotel, but that was plenty. The room was the tiniest room I have ever stayed in and the cleanliness left a lot to be desired, as did the maintenance. Thick layers of dust everywhere, the hardware around the mini sink was loose and it took a good 5 minutes to get the first warm water to flow.  The location close to Marble Arch was the only good thing about this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or45-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Just for a couple of days!,"Griffin house hotel is located only 5 min on foot from Marble Arch!!i guess this is the only reason for someone to book this hotel!!!the rooms are too small even for London's stardards,you can hear everything that's moving outside the door!!!Staff is unfriendly i never saw them smile!!anytime we asked for something the answer was no!!the only decent guy is the one serving breakfast!!!!the receptionists' behavior was unaccepted!!!go there only if you are spending a night or two, but no more than that!!!!!",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or45-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Short solo trip,"I stayed here exactly a year ago to the day to attend the same event. There has been a staff change and the hotel seems to have deteriorated since. I was given room this time. Which had a shower(more on this later) wash basin, but the toilet was outside the room with a separate key.  Not impressed as the room had been advertised as en suite.  The wash basin had only cold water so I tried the 'shower'. The water trickled and after running for over 20 minutes was still less than lukewarm.  Unbelievably I was offered the use of a shower in another room.  I asked for another room and was given one.  The hotel looks very tired and slightly drab.  Breakfast was okay hot and cooked to order.  I have noticed that a previous review also noted the lack of hot water in the room in July.…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or45-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",reasonable for short business trips,"It was just right for my businesstrip, because the location is within easy reach of all important stops in London. I would not recommend this hotel for pure leasure trips with your partner. The room was very tiny with no proper storing facilities; it was cleaned daily, with the exception of the floor which would have been necessary, so after 3 nights that was a bit crumbly. Uneven service quality: most really friendly and helpful, one guy quite unambitious and obviously without fun at work.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or45-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Welcoming house, simple 3 star hotel, great location","The hotel is a welcoming house with cool modern decoration from London and British heritage. Friendly staff, clean, simple service, competitive price (3 nights were almost the same price as 1 night in a 4 star nearby). Asked for a single room and had a very small single room, with a very thin single bed, but enough for 1. When I opened my bag, I had to jump over it to reach the toilet, and when the door was closed, I could unfold the chair and use it to place my toiletries or other items on top. Internet worked well everywhere, always handy these days. Breakfast was a nice surprise for a 3 star hotel, more complete than expected. Fresh fruit, variety of cereals, bread, juices, jams, etc. And then we could ask for eggs, fried, scrambled, omelette… with a great location 5min from…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or50-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",A five minutes walk from Marble Arch and a place to sleep- that's all!,"I can handle four floors without an elevator. But when I and my daugther saw the last stairs up to the attic, we wondered if we were able to get up there with our suitcase! IT was so narrow and steep that we almost were leaning backwords! My imidiate thought was: How will we get out suitcase down again after 5 days in Oxford street?! And even worse: nobody offered to help! But we managed! We got info a small room, filled up with a bed. Fair enough - we were just going to sleep there! But IT would have been nice with a warm shower- that was impossible! Plenty water, but cold! The continental breakfast was also disappointing, we tried it just once. We can however recommend Paul two minutes away - with ""l'amour de pain"". But it shouldn't be necessary when you've already paid for…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or50-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Dont waste your money,"Where do I start with this review, very friendly n polite staff on entering, thats the good points over with now to the rest. If you do decide to stay here, there is no lift so ask for a room lower down as we were in room 15 and it was in the attic, very steep stairs, but seriously dont stay here. Our room had dust lying on all flat surfaces, the beds were well made but very uncomfortable, we also asked for a double bed we got twin singles. The room itself was small and only 1 of the 4 electric sockets worked, the main light fitting was loose from the cieling, and the bedside lamp did not work, Oh and the small table between the beds had a randomly opening draw throughout the night. very annoying, the TV was working though. In the bathroom apart from the 1 inch rise on the…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or50-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely hotel,"First fell in love with the hotel because of the interior and atmosphere. The room was certainly spacious and nicely designed. But I was disappointed by some points.  Note that the building has no lift.. And ironically the staff was not quite welcoming, despite the friendly atmosphere of the hotel.  It becomes little noisy in night time, and the smell from restaurant or kitchen come up even to the top floor.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or50-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and a fraud,"Dirty, old hotel, if you can call it that. Tiny rooms and bathrooms, no elevator, unfriendly staff (they never greeted you and you always had to wait until they would talk to you). The stairs are not safe and the breakfast is more than disgusting! Not recommended at all!",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or50-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the nice reception pictures,"1 night stay for business, location great and online picture looked modern and clean..... Not the case, really poor, dirty room not on suite as toilet is down the hall With a separate key and tiny. As was the room, Zero hot water in shower, street noise very bad, yes it London but decent windows would help. Value by London standards but still £90 so expect better with hot water and clean! Wouldn't go near it again.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or55-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",not recomended,"The place looked and smelled run down. The carpets were dirty, and the bathrooms very, very small. My room was downstairs in the basement, and the bathroom was so small, that you had to actually plan how to get in and out. The only good thing was a terrific artisan bakery almost next door, and a little shop across the street. Also a very save area, guarded by police since Tony Blair lives just around the corner.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or55-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Found this place 5 days before we went. Very reasonable price including continental breakfast. Our twin room was very small but totally adequate for an overnight stay. Toilet was very small and probably not suitable for ""VERY"" ample sized people, there was also a shower which was ok. No tea/coffee making facilities but not real problem, as we really only slept here and took breakfast.  Roberto on reception was great, the location was brilliant. "" mins from Marble Arch tube, 5 mins from Oxford Street. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or55-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly acceptable for a nights kip,"positives; clean, very good front desk people, comfy bed.  Downsides; tiniest single bedroom and bathroom I've ever stayed in.  But, you know what, it didn't matter.  I was there for an hour or so to wash and change before a night out, sleep, wash and leave.  I'd not have an issue staying again.  Breakfast not brilliant but tea and toast is fine. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or55-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a short trip,"Positives:  Close to Oxford street, close to subway station and busses. No problem in finding food, its all around you. Service was good. Breakfast was good, the lady made fresh omelette for us with freshly toasted bread. Good for short stay if you intend only to come here to sleep.   Negatives:  Not the best hotel i have stayed in. Small room, tiniest bathroom i've ever seen, and even more tiny sink. Couldnt even wash my face. Windows not good, can hear all the noise from the street. No good blinds, woke up early due to all the light spilling in the room. No elevator, so be prepared to carry  all your luggage up and down. They charge £3 for each bag to be kept in the hotel after checkout, never seen that before.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or55-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",A quick trip in london (petit sejour a londres),"The hotel, room, bathroom are small, but for a quick trip it's enought because you spend all your time outside. The service is good, the personnal is kind, the room clean. I was in room 8 for three. The location of the hotel is good, near marble arch. There are a a lot of bus we can take and there is also a subway station. I recommand this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or60-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for short stay,"The hotel is located very close to Hyde Park which is great. I was in Room 14. A long way up the stairs until somewhatth floor. The service is acceptable, everything is clean. But the room is small and it has no closets to put in the clothes. Although, the corridors were quite narrow, they gave me free WiFi. The breakfast is okay, but the space for people there is quite small. Overall, I would recommend to people who are traveling individually to London and for a short stay.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or60-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Basic stuff for younger travellers,"On the positive side - location in a walking distance to Marble Arch and Hyde Park. Low price for that location. And here is where positives are ending. Con's include: 1. poor layout - small room with no seperation from the corridor, so throughout the night there is light around the door, not to mention noise if somebody is coming back from hanging out. Lavatory separated with wooden wall only. No cupboard, forget the ironing desk. Extremely steep stair to the fourth level without elevator - an elderly person would not make it with a travel bag. 2. location in the loud street with poor, old-style window 3. deposit for a Euroeap-style socket adapter, extra charge for Wifi",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or60-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",London base,"Great central location, perfect base for Central London  Staff very friendly and helpful, always willing to assist. Good choice of light breakfast, dining room compact, Bedrooms compact, we had a triple room. no tea/ coffee making facilities but these are available to purchase. Beds comfortable and very clean, nice white bedding. Not suitable for disabled  Stairs very steep and numerous ( nicknamed them cardiac arrest hill lol) despite these would definitely stay again. Good value.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or60-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",friendly staff and good location,"I stayed in a single room which was extremely small. The ensuite was also extremely small. The bed and pillows were very comfortable but the room was a little tired, with a lot of scuff marks on the walls. The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was good with a choice of cereals , juice ,fresh whole fruit and eggs scrambled of fried. The location is excellent less ,than a 5 minute walk to oxford street and Hyde park.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or60-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended,Had a single room on the highest floor with personal bathroom including shower and bathroom. Very clean and quaint for one person. Very close to many restaurants and bars.   Host was very personable and sociable.  Made me feel very welcome!  Would definitely return.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or65-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended !,"I enjoyed one night stay at Griffin House hotel,while my business trip to London.My room was small,bur cosy,with a view to the street,which was not too busy.The only downside was that my room for one person had a shower,but not toilet /as I know there are toilets in the bigger rooms/,but there was one for me in the corridor near the room.The breakfast was ""take as much as you can"" continental and the hot food option was different variations of eggs.I met Roberto,who was at the reception that time - a polite guy,who gave me some advices about my stay and the surrounding area.In two words-Griffin House hotel is a good place to stay if you want to be near Hyde Park and Oxford Street.See you there next time you visit London...",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or65-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Had a lovely time,"Room was small and at top of the stairs, but it was perfect for me.  Breakfast was lovely and close to everything.  Perfect for a solo traveller.  The shower was really small and I wish a bit bigger, but other than that I would recommend.  Staff was great too.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or65-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Small but clean and cheap hotel.,"This hotel is small but clean, cheap and very close to Central London. If I had to name a negative it would be the small dining room where only breakfast is served. To eat at noon or evening you have to go out, but again, that's no trouble, it's 15 minutes walking from Soho anyways ;-)",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or65-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Small but convenient!,Stayed a week over there... They offer you with good hospitality and good customer care. Room was pretty small but was just perfect for my stay. Clean and perfect! Only thing bothered me was that there was no lift. ,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or65-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and confortable,"I stayed for two weekdays in a double room on the top floor. The room and toilet are small but clean and quiet. The location of the hotel is perfect, 10 min walking to the city centre. The continental breakfast is good enough and the Spanish receptionist very friendly. Recommended.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or70-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"Booked for one night and the only drawback was the radiator had been left on a high setting so  the ground floor room had got a bit too hot and I didn't feel safe enough to leave a window open as it didn't appear to have a security catch.    Otherwise the room was very clean, the ensuite bathroom small but very nicely fitted and for the overall price and location this was an excellent find and I'd definitely recommend it and stay again.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or70-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Small but Comfortable,"It was a nice place that was close enough to the tube and in a nice safe neighborhood.  The local main strip wasn't very nice because of all of the hooka bars, but if you cut behind the main street, there was a beautiful private garden and a handful of armed guards that made it feel safe even at night.         ",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or70-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Location was unbeatable...,"The location was perfect, just a short walk from marble arch tube station, Barclays bikes right next door and felt very safe walking around there at night! The staff were helpful and the rooms basic but clean and surprisingly spacious!  The shower left a lot to be desired! Breakfast was inclusive, till late morning and a big variety! Very impressed! Only downfalls were the stairs! Request lower level if like me you don't understand the meaning of traveling light as the stairs are steep and numerous and there is no porter, not even an offer of assistance! Overall a very good stay and will be going back when in London :)",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or70-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",I enjoyed my stay.,"I had to go to a weekend seminar and just needed somewhere close by that didn't cost a fortune - this was at the cheaper end of the scale but looked nicer than others near Paddington.  The area is lovely, and I really enjoyed the short walk to Lancaster Gate in the morning along the quiet streets of Surrey Gardens and past the Hyde Park Stables.  I received a very friendly welcome when I got in late at night and they were kind enough to give me extra towels (I later realised I had missed the towel on my bed).  The breakfast started a bit late for me at 8.30am but when I appeared early at 8.15 they cooked me eggs regardless.  It was extremely clean and I slept in room 14 (sounds like others have had an awful experience in the shared loo) but they said I wasn't sharing it with…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or70-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Thrown out of room for visiting a friend,"A friend of mine stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. On the second night I went to visit her in her hotel ( I live a 15 min walk away), I'm British and have lived in London for 10 years.   Upon arrival I was told I was not allowed to go to her room as no visitors were allowed after 9.30 pm?! In all my years of staying in hotels I have never heard this before. I tried to reassure the porter I had no interest in staying there as I was a local...but to no avail.   DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL! Really weird ",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or75-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever stayed in,"On arrival and shown our room (downstairs on a narrow, twisty stairway) to a triple room which would barely accommodate a single human being, we said we could not possibly stay 2 nights here (1 night was pre-pd & 2nd pd on arrival). We were told there was no refund and we had to live with it, but after more complaining were offered 1 extra room on main floor (for the 70 yr olds) at no cost for 1 night and adult son slept downstairs. This was much more like a Hostel! There was no phone service, inadequate towels, ok juice, etc for breakfast but a disaster. After having traveled 2 wks (Ireland/England) this was a terrible way to end our last nights. However, Richard did arrange car transport from there to the airport direct - which helped.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or75-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",great staff; nice location,My single room was tiny and initially I was a bit taken aback by that. But! The staff are incredibly nice and helpful and very sweet - all of them - and they really go beyond what they need to to help you. The place is *very* clean and they have a surprisingly nice breakfast. And the location is hard to beat. All round a good deal made special by the awesome staff.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or75-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Lovely quiet street but close to transport and busy edgeware rd .  Really good persian restaraunt round the corner . Guess its an old georgian townhouse converted so rooms are small but adequate and clean and tidy enough, Staff are friendly and helpful - only gripe - cant get a cup of tea outside breakfast hours ! Asked at reception and they said no we dont do that. Seems abit absurd having no access to a tea bag and some boiling water in england",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or75-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",a disgrace,"booked a double deluxe room , got 2 awful single beds pushed together ,carpet old and threadbare, mould in shower , generally disgusting . breakfast bad , just cereal juice , toast and eggs . no one claimed to be in charge so no one to complain to . i rang the owner once home . no real apology , he promised to refund £10.00 on card , wow . it never did arrive of course . please do not go to this hotel ever",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or75-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Easy and convenient stay,"The griffin house is a very nice hotel for a short stay in London. The down side is maybe the noise, you hear the other people quite a lot. Otherwise very nice stay and a good price for a romantic weekend.        ",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or80-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Short weekend Stay with great location,"Stayed here 8th-9th December and for a good price, the hotel is in a great location off Edgware road, close to Marble arch and ideal for Hyde Park and for the shoppers next to Oxford Street.  I stayed on the top floor which was for single person, room was very clean, with tv, en-suite shower and basin(small), the bedding was clean and fresh fluffy towels, the toilet is on the landing of which i knew about when i booked that didn't bother me.  Reception was clean and tidy and very helpful staff, most of them are foreign workers with good English, you can leave your luggage at £2 per item was great for my last day of visit.  Breakfast was Continental with bread,jams, cereal, tea, coffee, fresh juices etc...included in your price,  I feel hotel is more suitable for couples,…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or80-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly suprised,"I was booked into this hotel for a business trip, reading previous reviews my hopes weren't very high however I discovered the hotel staff friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and warm with good facilities.  For the excellent location and price this was a very pleasant stay in a very expensive city! I would definately book here again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or80-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",No Room booked!!!,"Booked to stay at the Griffin Hotel at the weekend over from Ireland booked with Travelstay, got all the confirmations booked 2 single rooms for 3 nights, on arrive told  they only had one room available so very disappointed, so spent the rest of the day, trying to find somewhere for the 3 nights, eventually found one in Holborn not where we wanted to be, not sure if it was down to Travelstay  or Griffin House Hotel, but they did pay for the taxi to take us to another hotel as by that time we were very tired, and just wanted to get on with enjoying our stay in London for the weekend, so felt terribly let down. My suggestion to all is even if you do book through an agent ring the hotel direct yourself and confirm that they have the rooms booked that you require do, not assume all…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or80-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the price,"We stayed here for the second time and was again pleased with what we got especially for the price, the location was brilliant (we were at the proms in the park) for Hyde park , the bathrooms are very small and need attention ( the receptionist when we arrived told us they are shutting down probably in January 2013 to update all the bathrooms), the rooms have been updated since we went last year and are all very clean and well fitted out. We will chose this hotel again and yes the breakfast isn't a full fried , but cereals, toast, eggs and tea or coffee is good enough choice for us and if you want bigger and better then there are plenty of places around this hotel. Staff are all friendly and willing to help.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or80-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Opinion of travelers,"The location is a strong point, it is very close of the main tourist areas and of the transports.  The receptionists are friendly. Our flight was only at the end of the day and they kept our luggage.  The room is small but for those who only go to hotel for sleep, it is acceptable. The bathroom is really small.  Weaknesses: We slept five nights and they didn’t change the towels. The breakfast is very weak, it should get true bread and have more options. We think that the price of the room with breakfast does not pay. It is preferable to book without breakfast, and eat something tastier in cafes, bakeries and supermarkets. ",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or85-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled reservation,"I was planning to stay at Griffin House Hotel this weekend with a family member, but on tuesday I recieved an e-mail from the hotel telling me to cancel my reservation because we could not stay at their hotel due to plumbing issues. They did not bother to give us names of other hotels nearby or to move us to another hotel. Luckily we found another hotel ourselves (after a stressful morning), but I do not think it is acceptable to cancel our reservations by e-mail three days before we arrive! This hotel does not come off as serious or serviceminded and even if I have not stayed here I do not recommend it to anyone. You might find yourself in London without a hotel room before you know it.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or85-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Great choice,This hotel is à very good choice. The staff were friendly and serviceminded. À great location and it's was clean. The breakfast was surprisningly good . The only remark we have  are  that the room are little to small to have an extrabed in. ,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or85-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Great, cheap and cheerful.","I have just spent one night at the Griffin House Hotel and thought it was great for the money. It has been refreshed....hastily and the paint job wouldn't pass close scrutiny, but now it is clean, bright and contemporary. The local Ikea must be rubbing its hands in glee because all the rooms feature Scandinavian styling. Our double bedroom was quiet, bright, small and comfortable. The refurb hasn't stretched as far as the bathroom but the shower worked well and there were good fluffy towels and complimentary toiletries. I was amazed the breakfast, cereals, yoghurts, selection of bread and cheeses, jams, eggs and tea or coffee was included in the price. The hotel needs to update its own website to reflect the changes.For a short cheap stay in London, close to the tube and…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or85-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Fair price,The hotel  price is very good if you think  that it is located less than 5 minutes (walking) from Oxford street. The room was clean and new! The breakfast was simple but  enough!!,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or85-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",LOVELY LOCATION/LOUSY LODGING!!!,"I AM A POSITIVE PERSON AND WOULD LIKE TO SAY SOMETHING NICE....BUT....THE GRIFFIN IS PRETTY AWFUL!!!! The location is absolutely top! Security is superb! The staff was helpful, what can they do really?, not the best job...they DID try.  I was tempted to offer my servicesfor a complete interior overhaul gratis!!! It would take really so little to improve this place! For crying out loud! this DUMP could be an absolute gold mine with just a minimum of effort!!!",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or90-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",SMALL AND ANTIQUATED,"rooms, very small access for disabled people very difficult  beds unbroken, and bedding old and broken bathroom equipment broken good localization near Hyde Park unoisy",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or90-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Hotel in itself was not tremendous but the location is a real advantage! Right in the city center, walking distance from Buckingham and Westminster, tube station very close. Well, just perfect for a short week-end of tourism.  Apart from that, rooms were small, busy and wall paint needed refreshment. Bathroom was cold, the sink was ridiculously small and shower was degraded and not very clean (old soap bar was left on a side...) Breakfast was really simple and disappointing (only toasts and eggs, no bacon or sausages).",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or90-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","low cost, not very nice.","low cost with good location, terrible beds, small , boring rooms. Service was fair. Breakfast low quality.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or90-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Ron @ Celia From Bonnie Dundee. Opinion Of Worst Dump On Earth.,"If this is the general standard of English,and more so,London Bed and Breakfast establishments,then,NO THANK YOU. This has to be the worst experience of a Bed and Breakfast Establishment, in my entire 62 years of living on this planet.I  can `only speak for myself,and not my wife.As a Major Organ Transplant Recipient,and also a double below knee leg amputee,this is most certainly the last sort of establishment that i should within a mile of.My chances of catching an infection from this lot,was very very high.On arrival,we were asked to pay the remainder of our 2 night payment up front.We were then ushered into a back room,along beside the reception area.The first thing that met us,was an extremely vile,ghastly smell,from a burst main sewer pipe,directly outside our bedroom…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or90-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"I have stayed here twice when travelling to London to go to concerts at Hyde Park. This hotel is in a perfect location for Hyde Park / Central London. The hotel is cheap and I'm afraid it seems quite run down, needs money spending on it to attract repeat business for people who need it for more than just sleeping in, which is all I needed. I would not recommend this hotel unless all you need is a great location and not bothered about size of rooms, or pristine cleanliness. On subsequent trips I have now found better hotels not far away in Sussex Gardens which are not much more expensive and definitely better run.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or95-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Griffin house london- A complete tip!!,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!! It was absolutly filthy and grubby. There are 57 steps in the hotel which is completely useless for a disabled person like myself.When at the top of the narrow stairs to enter my room there was a decorators ladder blocking the passage way! Furthermore the road outside the hotel is extemely busy and hard to get across.The paint in the hotel was peeling and plaster was falling from the ceiling!! The webiste is very misleading as the hotel does not live up to the pictures posted and makes a false claim that the rooms have tea making facilities, which it does not! This hotel should be closed down by the trading standards, as in my eyes and i am sure in a lot of other previous guests eyes this hotel is not fit to be trading or putting…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or95-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Best to avoid,"We are small, but we couldn't move anywhere in the room without knocking into something. The bathroom must have the tiniest sink I've ever seen! We had the basement room - fabulous view (see photo)!  Breakfast was until 09:30. 1st morning, we presented ourselves at 09:15. They weren't very happy. No sooner had they given us the breakfast (rather pitiful!) than we were told to hurry up! The 2nd morning, we went early, but we had to wait (they only had 3 tables!). Then, they had the cheek to tell us to hurry up again! When I told them it wasn't our fault that we had to wait, I was told to try to understand them!  On the final morning, a guest obviously couldn't put up with the breakfast any longer, so he asked if he could have 3 cups of tea to bring up to his room. Well, the lady…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or95-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",We love London but not this hotel!!,"First of all there shouldn´t be any room in the basement. We had a triple room (no 1). The view from the window was to stairs leading to the street above. The stairs were used by the staff and we couldn´t get the wooden blind down, needed some help with it, and it was all covered with dust. It couldn´t be kept up if you wanted to keep your privacy. During the night there was noise coming probably from the reception and we couldn´t sleep well after about 5 am. The smell coming from the airfreshener in the toilet was awful. It was perhaps trying to keep away the smell of the mould without succeeding to do so. Luckily we got another room from the second floor (no 11). It was a bit better. The toilet basins were too small to be able to wash your face without wetting the whole…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or95-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Griffin House - more like doss-house,"My daughter and I have just returned from two nights stay in room 9!!  Wish we had read reviews before we went.  Felt slightly ill at ease when asked to pay balance on arrival at the somewhat scruffy reception - why oh why didn't I ask to see the room first!!!  This ""hotel"" is absolutely dire - I hope they use our £85 per night charge to buy a new bed and some desperately needed paint.  I take issue with some of the reviews which justify the disgusting conditions at this hotel because it is cheap - firstly I don't think it was cheap and secondly soap and water don't cost much so there is no excuse for this hotel to be so dirty.  The only reason we stayed was because the sheets were clean and we were only there for a very short space of time.  Furniture was old, grubby and…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or95-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever stayed in,"very small dark room, room was dirty and smelly, shower was hanging of the wall, loose broken tiles on floor and walls. Needs updating. Electric sockets not working would advise anybody not to stay here, or you will regret it!!!!!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or100-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","""Will never stay here again""","The room was on the 3rd floor without a lift, which was ok but the higher you climbed the smaller the steps became. The shower looked like it had never been cleaned, there was alot of mold and the glass doors hadn't been touched this year. The floor looked as though they couldn't drag the cleaner up those steps so they didn't bother. The paint was peeling off in chucks from the walls and the ceiling looked like it was going to come crumbling in due to the water damage. The TV didn't work correctly so we said something to the night and day clerk, both stating that they would have someone look at it but it never was resolved. We got up early and stayed out late due to the fact that we didn't want to go to our room.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or100-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"Staff are slow and lazy, despite there being only 15 rooms the girl behind the counter could not find our reservation for over 15 minutes. I almost wish she'd refused our stay.  The breakfast is shambolic and to be avoided at all costs. I asked for a piece of toast and was flatly refused!  The place stinks - very musty and clearly isn't cleaned to any high standard. The bathroom was full of mould and mildew, and the shower leaked terribly.  Wallpaper on the walls was coming off, which was in keeping with the general ill state of repair.  Beds are dire, as are the rooms. Only stay at this hotel if you are a young person who is planning on getting so drunk it doesn't matter where you sleep. I never write reviews but simply had to after staying in this dive.   Please avoid this…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or100-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad to be honest.,"After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a bit worried about what we were going to find when we arrived at the hotel, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Basically my girlfriend, myself and one of her friends needed a hotel room fairly close to Hyde Park so they could do the Walk The Walk Moonwalk for charity, since they would be walking at night only myself would be sleeping in the room overnight but they still needed somewhere to get ready during the day and when they returned from the walk.  Our room (number 8) had one double bed and one single bed, it was on the first floor and faced out towards the rear of the building, view wasn't brilliant but it's London, if you want a fancy view pay two or three times the price!! The room was clean and tidy, bit cramped for…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or100-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","complete dump, avoid","stayed in this dump on the 28th of april for two nights.wascharged £300 for the priveledge, filthy rooms, cramped. it should be investigated and closed down.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or100-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Falty Towers Theme Hotel or Just the Worse Hotel in London?,"Booking a room at the Griffin House Hotel from my home in Australia, I imagined from the description a small cosy B&B, with some cute but nice rooms, a filling breakfast and free wireless internet.  After all, for 70 quid a night, it would be quite reasonable to expect ‘nice’.  You don’t get ‘great’ or even ‘good’ in London for less than 120 a night.  I’ve stayed in many hotels over the years.  Some cost a lot less than the Griffin House and were virtually five-star apartments (The Salisbury Hotel on 57th Street in New York is amazing), others cost a lot less and were hideous (The Globe Hotel, Oswiecim, Poland begs some politically incorrect comparisons with the former death camp across the railway line).  But the Griffin House Hotel takes the Golden Turd in the All-Time…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or105-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go!,"Stayed here at the last minute after my flight was cancelled due to snow.  They said breakfast would be served until 9:30 but at 9:15 was told it was over and had been put away! The reservations neglected to mention that, although the room had its own shower and sink I had to share a toliet!  One night was one too many!",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or105-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad as other reviews imply!!,"Okay its true that the breakfast is not great, the breakfast room is also tiny but Griffin House Hotel has got a great location, just a stone's throw away from all the hustle & bustle. The area is very safe even at night & the two reception ladies are adorable especially the foreign one! Can't say the same about the male one though! The room & bathroom are small but very cosy. Many of the reviews here are old from when the hotel was under previous management so please ignore the old reviews!",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or105-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby chic it wasnt - just shabby!!,"We only stayed one night thank goodness.  The hotel was very shabby, noisy and the room was incredibly hot and very small.  No tea/coffee making facilities in the room and not even a glass for some water.  The shower fittings were hanging off the wall and although the room wasnt dirty the shower was mouldy and the hand basin the size of a tea cup!!.  Breakfast was an interesting experience - warm orange juice and a choice of scrambled, fried or boiled egg (yes one egg!) cold toast and coffee (I think it was coffee)   For the £115 we paid for the room we definately wont be going back again.  Alot of TLC is needed by the owner and a course in customer service would be worth the investment for the staff!!!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or105-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",terrible,"Very small room with dirty carpets,torn wallpaper and a cracked floor in the bathroom. Extremely thin walls so every noice froom neighbours was heard. Was kept awake for two nights in a row due to very noicy machinsounds and loud voices from next door. Called the reception several times and did not get any help there. The breakfast was eatable but not more. Would not recommend this to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or105-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected!,"I booked this hotel very last minute, thought the position was great and it looked good. After I booked it, I read all the reviews on this site.. and there were many, and got increasingly concerned.. a vast proportion of the reviews were terrible, frankly. But I thought, hey ho, I;ve booked it now. The area where this is is just impossibly posh... Tony Blairs London home is a hundred yards away, and, therefore, the street is patrolled by armed police, 24/7. Now, you may hate this idea, but I found it reassuring as a single lady, and they were sweet and friendly, despite the machine guns... the hotel itself was shabby, yes, but for the price I paid, I wasn;t complaining. 3 nights, height of season, in a hotel a stones throw from Hyde Park, with a shower, sky tv, internet access,…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or110-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for a night stay,"I have recently stayed there for 1night. I paid GBP49 for a single room so I wasn't expecting the moon. Yes, the place is dated,  needs painting, room is old fashioned, small and furniture needs replacing but mine was cleaned. Shower was cleaned and working well with good water pressure, toilet cleaned, bed sheet cleaned, mattress comfy enough. The room had an hair dryer which I didn't expect! Area is secured with Tony's Blair residence almost opposite with guards outside all night. Breakfast was small and not fancy but if you ask you get more and the lady was very polite. The receptionist was friendly and helpful with coverage all night so I didn't need to take the chunky key with me. This is all I needed for 1 night. If the place was all perfect you'll pay 4/5 times more…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or110-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience,"First of all, I want to say that after reading very bad reviews about the hotel in tripadvisor we still pushed it and went ahead and booked the Griffin House (mainly because of the price) As soon as we arrived to the hotel and were greeted by a very rude girl who showed herself as the receptionist, the first things that got our attention was the very poor painting on the walls (most of them torn apart) and the tremendous stench that filled the hotel. We walked into our rooms to find ourselves inside a very different room to the ones showed in the hotel's website, we asked for a change, we were told nothing was available. I won't even want to talk about the bathrooms, small as possible, water came out dirty, and everything smelled as sewage. I have travelled many times to london…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or110-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Horrendous,"My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in 3 different rooms. Beware, the web site is misleading. The rooms have decent bedding and drapes which look good in photos, but  the place is a disaster. The matresses are old and lumpy with springs poking out. The bed  slats on one bed were broken. We asked several times to have broken TV  fixed and nothing was done.The shower stall drain was blocked in one room which smelled of mold. One room was on the top floor (4th) up a steep narrow staircase and there was no fire escape. The web site states tea and coffee available but they mean only at breakfast in the basement dining room.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or110-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value for location. Clean & Comfy with Sky & Breakfast. Perfect.,I cant understand what everyones on about in the earlier reviews! Maybe the hotel owners have had a spruce up since.  I was nervous because of the reviews but it was the best I could get in that area at a budget price. I had no reason to worry!  Alright its a small double room with small bathroom but perfectly adequate and very clean with new modern sheets and sky and a fan for a weekend trip. I wanted near hyde park with our own bathroom (many hotels were charginh more for a shared bathroom!) and I got it for a reasonable price (£170 for two nights with breakfast)  The breakfast room is tiny and breakfast isnt big and a bit limited for my appetite but absolutely perfect scambled eggs - not microwaved!  Also this is a VERY safe and secure place as Tony Blair lives literally…,Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or110-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Smallest room on the planet,"I may have stayed in a worse hotel, but I sincerly can't remember when. The room was very, very small (which wouldn't have been so bad) had the plaster not been peeling off the walls, the television so small and so high up you couldn't see it, and the bed being so old that you could feel every spring poking you in the back. Oh, and the shower flooding the bathroom when you took a shower, which was smaller than a phone booth. Had we been staying longer we would have moved to a different hotel. Thank goodness we were only there 2 nights and except for sleeping (which we got little of) we never were in the room.  Terrific location though, I just wish they would invest in a little paint and some fixing up.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or115-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Flophouse,"PLUS: Friendly personnel. Very good location: all main tourist attractions are in walking distance, there are a lot of different shops, department stores, groceries, arab greengroceries and greasy moneychangers, oodles of shawarma and narghile bars, facias in arabic and pharsi language. The place is relatively secure: 2-3 policemen keep vigil 24h/7d right in front of the hotel.  MINUS: The rooms are repulsively tiny, no table, no chair, no stool, there is no place even to put a single suitcase (we took two rooms: ""Deluxe Double"", #12, and ""Standard Double"", #9, - the difference was only in lopsided commode with clutched cases in ""luxury"" room). There is not enough space in toilet/shower to wipe yourself, even to place soap and shampoo. THERE IS NO COFFEE/TEE MAKER in the room,…",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or115-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Bed & fast break,"Having booked one night B & B, we arrived at this ""hotel"" for a little R & R. We checked into room 9 & were amazed to find a room that had a bed the size of the room. There was a little space between the bed & the bathroom but that was it. I had to climb over my wife to get to the bathroom because walking around the bed was impossible. Having survived our night, we looked forward to breakfast, it could be as bad as the room could it? Yes it could!! We looked at the breakfast menu.  Option 1. One egg & toast with no taste was breakfast. We asked whether we could get any bacon etc. but to no avail. The girl just repeatedly asked ""How eggs?"" (No, that isnt my mistake, it's how she asked) Option 2 was cereal",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or115-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",What a Shame!!!!!!,"Last year i stayed in this hotel for couple of days. Staff was nice and helpful, location was good and price was OK. I was told that hotel is going to refurbish with in few weeks . Keeping that thing in mind i booked this hotel again and i was amazed. Hotel was in really bad condition. Rooms were dirty, breakfast was awful, new faces on the front desk and very unfriendly.  I would recommend to spend some more and stay in a nice hotel.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or115-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",be aware of hanging/ trailing wires....and that's just to start!,"My my.... what a place, and i sincerely wish I meant that in a good way!  After finding the hotel, which was central to Marble Arch and pretty much ideal, our group of 5 arrived to check in and our reservation had been messed up, instead of a triple and 2 singles (this was all they had available at time of booking) we had been reserved a double and 2 singles. The best they could offer was to put a 'camp bed' into the double room (i suggested the possibility of upgrading a single to another double and was met with a very un- friendly huff). Seeing as we had no- where else to go and needed to be at a theatre show for the evening, we agreed.  No lift and 3 flights of stairs later- 1 flight to the top floor was steep and very un-forgiving with suitcases and wearing heels, we arrived…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or115-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",It was so terrible it was funny!,"Arrived at the hotel with a group of friends only to find that they had made a mistake with the booking and has reserved the wrong rooms. As a result, they put up an extra camp bed in one of the rooms to acommodate the 'roomless' person! Once gaining access to the rooms, we noticed that there was considerable damage to doors, furniture, showers and trailing dangerous wires hanging down and accross the rooms from electrical equipment. In addition to this, the rooms were dirty and could have done with a lick of paint rather than the less than important installation of satellite TV boxes!  On pointing out these problems to hotel staff, my friend was met with indifference! ...We didn't even try the breakfast!  Check out their website, it doesn't even look like the same hotel!",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or120-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay at this hotel.,"On arrival the hotel had allocated the wrong rooms for our party of five. The receptionist was less than helpful and made no apology for their error. They managed to fit another 'bed' into the twin room and discounted the cost of the room by £5. When we got to the room they had put a camp bed between the two singles, there was no space to actually get into the bed unless you crawled up the bed from the bottom end. The rooms themselves were poorly funished and very knocked about. There were mutiple faults with the room e.g. door off the hinges, sharp cracked bathroom tiles, wires stretched across the rooms and plastic bags tied around the smoke detectors. When I returned to the reception to make the staff aware of the faults they said that they were already aware, but again…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or120-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Very expensive HOSTEL,"The three of us stayed for two nights. And I wish I would have read the reviews before I booked - never mind. Locating the hotel was a piece of cake no problem there the location is very very convenient BUT that is the only possitive about this place. The rooms are the size of a penny, the single room has a shared toillet in the hallway, it´s noisy and breakfast is a total myth. This is closer the a hostel then a hotel which makes is rather expensive and not at all enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or120-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but Small Rooms,i stayed at griffin house hotel the room was very small and the lady who is working at recepton is very roude cannot cummunicate properly she do not know how to deal the customer.  Overall stay is ok the hotel is close to all famous attraction.,Date of stay: May 2009,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or120-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Utterly dreadful,"I emplore you... if you pay attention to any review on trip advisor in relation to the Griffin House Hotel, let it be mine.  Don't give this hotel a chance!  Pay a tenner more, book early and stay in a Travelodge.  Yuck.  Pictures on their website are completely inaccurate.  The only hotel with vacancies on London Marathon weekend, and with good reason!",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or120-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms but clean and close to london attractions,"We stayed at griffen house hotel, it is colse to all attractions and Marble arch tube station, Rooms are small but have everything you need.  Breakfast was not the best but there are cafes in walking distance which do breakfast.  For the price i think this is a great stay. But you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or125-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",A traveller’s nightmare,"I’d love to provide you with a full review of the Griffin House Hotel experience but I can only take you as far as the reception, as that’s as far as we got…despite a confirmed booking with the Griffin House Hotel, we found ourselves in London on a Saturday with no accommodation.  My friends and I booked 2 rooms with the Griffin House hotel over a month in advance of our trip, we called a week before arrival to make an amendment to the booking and confirm our reservation. However, upon our arrival the thoroughly unhelpful lady behind the reception (I use the term loosely) not-so-politely informed us that ‘our names weren’t on the list so we weren’t coming in’. This is despite the fact that we could provide written confirmation of our booking. Defying the tradition of customer is…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or125-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Nice , warm and cheap solution!!!","The room is small but warm enough and provides all comforts for somebody that wants a cheap and simple solution in London. The bathroom is quite big and it always has hot water. The breakfast is simple but very tasty and well cooked. The staff is very friendly and willing to give you all the information that you need.the location of the hotel is excellent. it's near the central artery of subway, bus stations,hyde park and oxford street. The neighbourhood that surrounds it,  is so beautiful and calm that fascinates you. In general lines is a very good solution for those who  want to travel cheaply in London. Sure we will revisit it. Thank you for the excellent time that we spent there.",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or125-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Staff.. shame about the rooms,"I required a hotel in London for one night in February ( 2009) and used a well known website which lists lots and lots of hotels. The price was acceptable and the description was really good, below is a copy of the websites description ....  ""Rooms With excellently designed rooms, quality pine wood furniture, central heating system and multilingual satellite TV channels in every room, your will stay at hotel more comfortable and enjoyable.  Restaurant Griffin House Hotel has a very clean and modern dining area where delicious breakfast is served""  The outside of the Hotel looks nice, but the inside I found to be tatty and poor. I will let my photos speak for the quality of my room. My bathroom had a lipstick stained glass in it. In front of the wardrobe doors was a gap of about…",Date of stay: February 2009,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or125-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",dirtiest hotel ever,the worst hotel ever i have stayed in mould and damp every where would not reccomend or stay here again,Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or125-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",More than awful....but they don't care!,"Stay away from this place! It is a dump. I doubt that this place could possibly meet any industry health and safety regulations. The location is good, but that is not enough. If this accommodation cost a quarter as much as it did, it would still be far too expensive. For an extra 50 GBP per night, for a triple room, we found a beautiful 'luxury' hotel metres from Paddington station, including full English breakfast! So look carefully....read all of these comments....I wish I had! Like so many others, we had a horrible stay. We booked and paid for a triple room. We arrived very late at night and could not look for alternative accommodation. The room is no.3. It was disgusting to say the least. It was in the basement next to their kitchen. Tiniest of rooms, could not move. Three…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or130-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Worst London Hotel Ever - Watch your belongings,"I would strongly recommend that if you value your personal belongings you reconsider staying at this property.  On arrival I wanted to have a shower, the shower on full power wasn't enough to even fill a glass of water let alone to bathe under.  After asking for this to be fixed I tried again a few hours later with no change.   Again on my way out I asked for the shower to be fixed, again no result or care for my request.   I had no choice but to go without a shower for 2 days.  On checking out I left an expensive shirt in the waredorobe of which I shortly can back to collect once I realized I had left it behind.  The man on reception said that he and ''the cleaner'' on inspection of the room could not find my shirt. I asked to see in the room and not to my surprize my shirt was…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or130-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Hideous hotel experience,We booked a triple room and were given the room downstairs next to the dining area. The window was directly opposite to the hotel kitchen windows so it was noisy in the morning.   The room was far too small for a triple. There were large damp patches all over the walls; paint was peeling from the ceiling; the shower room was too small to stand up in and was full of mould and smelt awful. The lock on the toilet door was broken; the toilet made an awful rumbling noise when flushed; toilet paper was slightly soggy from damp; the shaving light fitting was smashed; the bin was broken; dangling electrical cables and frayed edges from the carpet were a trip and safety hazard. The room was so awful that it warrants a letter of complaint to trading standards and health and safety…,Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or130-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Urine smells, moldy showers, and cramped rooms await you...","We had a 4 night stay planned in London so we chose our hotel based on price and location.  We found the Griffin House on a budget travel site and agreed that it fit our criteria.  It looked decent from the on-line photos as well.   When we checked in, we were giddy from its location and lovely surroundings.  These feelings were instantly nixed as we headed towards our dungeoness room toting our massive luggage down a rickety flight of stairs.  The desk staff was greasy and unsmiling.  Not  a great start.  When we opened our door with our ancient room key (this took 5 minutes) we were smacked in the face with a wafting smell of fresh urine.  We booked a double room for 2, we got a triple with a tiny bed for children, I suppose.  I sat on the bed to look around and take in the…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or130-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",keep away from the Griffin,Hotel rooms nothing like web site suggests-booked 2x twin rooms en-suite but on arrival offred 1x twin which was damp and  wall paper hanging off wall and 2x singles with toliets outside room on landing in a cupboard under the stairs !! Refused rooms as not as booked-they refused to refund my deposit and then without authorisation took a further payment from my credit card-police and tradings standards now investigating- keep away,Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or130-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",It's fine,"Tripadvisor reviews are becoming more troubling.  You can't figure out what really is going on.  I start to think there is something more wrong with the reviewer than with the hotels.  Griffin is a budget hotel -- on a quaint street, next to some great places in London.  If it weren't for places like Griffin i'd have nowhere in London to stay.  I paid 50 pounds for a basement room.  It was clean.  The towels were a bit worn; the sheets not amazingly comfortable.  But i slept fine and I engaged with friendly staff.  That's what i expected.  Sometimes i think other guests expect so much for such a comparatively small price.  This place is fine.",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or135-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Run away from this dump,Room are tiny.Showers have mould.Bed is terribe.Everything bad everybody said before me is true .,Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or135-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away Please!,Please stay away from this hotel.  I stayed in a single room that was supposedly an en-suite.  This meant a very small shower cubicle with a door you couldn't open without bumping into the tv. The toilet was a shared one in the corridor.  The room was very small even for London and smelled really badly. I have stayed in a lot of hotels but have never felt so cheated before.,Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or135-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Nice on the surface, but very small","From the outside, this looks like a very nice hotel. It's in a rather nice area, and the outside seems to have been done up recently.   Once in, the staff are friendly, but unfortunately it all goes downhill from there. Our room had a small-ish double bed , with a rather worn mattress, and the bed took up more than 90% of the floorspace. It was just barely possible to open the bathroom door (which did not close fully, and had no working lock to keep it shut). Going out the front door took one person sitting on the bed to get out of the way while the other opened the door.  The bathroom seemed to have been redone a few years ago, but the tiles were cracking, and the plumbing looked rather strange. Atleast there was plenty of hot water, even in the mornings.  The breakfast was…",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or135-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Don't go there, you can book better!!!","This hotel is definitely not the best place to stay. It is located in a very central area, but the hotel itself is no good. The double room we booked was extremely small with the bed taking up most of the space. The matrass was very old and I could feel the base of the bed. The bathroom is smaller than small with the wash basin tucked away in the one corner and hardly wide enough to wash your face in. The towels were really old and over used. There wasn't even complimentary shampoos or anything! The sky-box cables were haning lose and looked terrible. The room was located on the street and was so noisy I had to use earplugs! The breakfast room was just as bad. It it located in the basement and very warm and stuffy. Not a friendly breakfast feel to it with staff that could hardly…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or135-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a dump!,"I was so sorry that I did'nt read the trip advisor review on this place before I booked it. I refused the first room which was seperated from the reception cubicle by light partition wall. The room was so small that the bed took up 90% of the entire space. The second room wasn't much better, it was in the basement and it and it was dingy, depressing, musty and damp. The walls and carpet were filthy and I thought it best to wash dowm the shower  before using it. I'm not a fussy person and I did'nt mind the complete lack of facilities but I do expect a place to be clean. It's an absolute dump!",None,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or140-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful B&B Hotel for stay,"Me and my wife stayed on 25th September,2007 at Griffin House Hotel Marble Arch 10 Connaught street.This is one of the most beautiful B&B place all most famous attractions are very near and all staff was very helpful and smile facing., I recommend this to any and everybody! Let's just say that the  back to normal now!!  Cheers",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or140-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",not for families with small children!,"Had to go to London at short notice and booked this hotel as it was in a convenient location for us. As we were travelling with a baby and a toddler, both in pushchairs, our choice didn't turn out to be great as it was difficult to get to our room due to very narrow stairs, doorways and corridors (there was no lift either). The rooms were quite small, especially the bathrooms, for example there was approximately a 35 cm gap between the door and the shower cubicle that anyone who wanted to use the toliet or sink had to squeeze through. The standard of the room was OK but not great, maybe what can be expected from a two star hotel. We'd booked a triple room which turned out to have a problem so inseted we were given two adjacent rooms (double + single). OK but less convenient than…",Date of stay: August 2007,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or140-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",beware of this place,"There is mould on the walls which made my children react with allergies. The stuff is well aware of this problem and is unhelpful, the manage,ment do not offer any change or refund. the beddings are smelly and we didn't shower for 4 nights because the bathroom was disgusting. save yourselves the trouble! ",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or140-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Stay Here!!!!!!!!,"They made me pay in full on arrival without even seeing the room, then the room was so full of a mildew smell my allergies immediately acted up and could not stay in that room.  The room was under street so no fresh air.  The sheets looked and smelt even worse, and the bathroom was a 'closet' with loads of mildew on the roof of it as it had no air in it... GROSS!  After telling that I couldn't stay there, they told me no other rooms were available and that I couldn't have a refund.  I paid for a room for 5 nights and couldn't even stay there. Don't stay here! ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or140-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Not good.,"I keep looking for a clean, friendly, quiet, affordable small hotel in central London (if anybody knows one, please let me know). This isn't it! It's a rickety old place, where the staff don't know the name of the nearest tube station, and the room was so small, that there wasn't enough floor space for my bag. Give it a miss. ",Date of stay: April 2007,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or145-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London","Terrific, Cozy Hotel nr Marble Arch, London","Griffin House Hotel, Connaught Street  London.  I have stayed in this charming Hotel on two seperate occasions and have just confirmed a third stay for May 2007- in my opinion it  is very good value for the money. This is a delightful small B + B in a wonderful location off Edgeware Road, just a 5-6 minute walk to March Arch and Oxford St. The rooms are  clean and comfortable, with  decent en suite bathrooms and Cable TV.All the staff are  wonderful, extremely courteous and friendly, as were the other guests at the time!  I needed to have computer access on several occasions and the staff allowed me to use their front office for that purpose. A very good hot breakfast is served downstairs and I had access to the kitchen for a ""cuppa"" whenever I needed.  I think of it now as a…",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or145-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all.,"I was searching for an affordable hotel in London that wouldn't scare me in anyway. After a lot of online research I decided to book the Griffin House Hotel because of the location and the majority of positive reviews. I am pleased. For the money I've spend, in London, this was very nice indeed. Everything was clean. The bathroom and the room were small but who cares? One of the sides of the double bed was against the wall. It has free wifi connection to the internet. The staff is very friendly and the location is great. I would stay there again. ",Date of stay: September 2006,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or145-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Not the hotel we were expecting...,"This is more like a 2* guest house than a hotel. There are no tea /coffee making facilities in the room and the T.V didn't work, but there was a hair dryer. The beds had seen better days and were on a slight tilt so it felt like you were going to fall out.  There was a  slight drain /sewage smell coming from the bathroom, but the water was nice and hot and the shower did work. The radiator was absolutely red hot so you had to have the window open constantly , ok if you like saunas. Its only bonus points were that it was with-in a 10 minute walk from Paddington station and about a 5-8 minute walk to Marble Arch tube station. The breakfast provided was not what I would class as satisfactory. It consisted of tea/coffee, cereal or scrambled egg which was served up on a plate on its…",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or145-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",If Location Only Is Important - This Could Be Right For You.,"Before making a week long reservation at this establishment, I read a less than complimentary report on your website. I discussed this with the Reservations Manager of Griffins who expressed surprise at the comments, assured me that the hotel had been completely refurbished and would meet my requirements admirably. To cement the deal he offered me a deluxe room for the standard room price of 70 pounds per day.  On 24th September 2006, my wife and I arrived to move in. Full payment on registration was required and paid.  The reception gentleman seized one of our bags and set off up a flight of stairs as steep as a  hen's face, leaving 82 year old me to carry an equally heavy one. By the time I hove into view at the door of the room, reception was on his way down, leaving no…",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or145-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",this is a dump,"I would never stay at this hotel again, room was very cramped I was travelling with my daughter they tried to give us a double room one bed, breakfast was one egg toast and coffee. Climbed five flights with luggage. Very poor service shoddy decor. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or150-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel on good location,"We stayed one night in this hotel in august. We choose it because of the location and that is indeed very good, just 5 minutes from Marble Arch, Oxford Street and Hyde Park. We had booked a double room, but when we arrived we got a triple so we had some extra space, which was very nice. The room itself was ok, altough the bathroom was tiny en the sink was the size normaly used in toilets only, not handy when you are brushing your teeth! The only real thing that kind of bothered us was the fact that the room ws in the souterain and right beneath the reception. Lucky that I'm a deep sleeper, but before going to bed we could hear every step above us. Breakfast was not big, (2 pieces of toast with butter and jam an a egg) but I liked it and for my it was enough. All things taken in…",Date of stay: August 2006,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or150-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate and Clean...Good Value!,"This hotel is in a fabulous location opposite a private residents only green. It has a real ""Cherry Tree Lane"" (Mary Poppins!) feel about the road.   When we arrived we found out that the twin room that my mother and I had booked was unavailable due to a water leak and we had to share a double room! Luckily being mother and daughter it wasn't too much of a problem but could have caused a disaster! In the hotels defence we were offered a transfer to another hotel for the twin room we ordered but after travelling we couldn't be bothered.  The room was quite small and the only furniture was a wardrobe, bed side cabinet and bed. The bed was comfortable. There were two small windows overlooking...well not much really! There was a small hairdryer but no tea making facilities and there…",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or150-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place to stay in,"Location is excellent, rooms are nice and clean, staff friendly and helpful, we stayed for 7 nights and enjoyed our stay. Nice place to stay for long time.  Breakfast is continental which can be improved but i think its worth the price we paid...... i will stay at the same hotel next time...... ",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192111-Reviews-or150-Griffin_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Griffin House Hotel Reviews, London",Where not to stay in London,"This is no 3-star hotel - trust me on this.  The single bedrooms are extremely cramped and the TV is practically in your face.  They have about 17 rooms in a place that can't support more than 8 max!  Plus, their service is terrible - they pulled a fast one on me by charging me extra days when I checked out early - never happened before! ",Date of stay: June 2005,1.0
