,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or0-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Just alright - Cheap ,"Fine if you just want to stay one night, outside is run down. Room is basic stayed in a twin room radiators were blasting when we came in it was far too hot. Bathroom is a bit rusty but does one night. Rooms are in a separate building.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or0-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff,"Sent staff here for overnight accommodation and they have not issued us with a vat receipt.  When we contacted them, their response was 'sorry too busy'.  They are charging vat, but are 'too busy' to account for it!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or0-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Ok room, rude staff","The room was basic, it reflects the price, but was clean and warm and so fine for 1 night. Breakfast included a good selection of food, but I didn’t like that all the cold things (milk, yoghurt, smoked salmon) were just left on the table with nothing to keep them cold in the heated room.  The poor rating comes from an experience I had with the staff after checking out. A few days after saying at the hotel, I noticed that the card I used to book the hotel through booking.com had been charged before my stay yet I had to pay on arrival (which is what I was expecting). When I rang the hotel to ask why I was charged twice, I was interrupted, talked over and talked at very loudly. They spun some story that this occurred because I had ‘double booked’ and ‘they have a system in place to stop people being charged twice’. I was also told that this is a problem they have repeatedly. This made no sense to me so I tried to ask more about this ‘system’ and again I was talked over and was told the same story, loudly, over and over. I hung up. I then contacted booking.com and the only explanation they can give for my being charged twice is that the first charge was a ‘deposit to check the validity of my card’. This seems a more likely scenario than the one given by the property. In every other hotel I’ve stayed at, this ‘deposit’ was an inconsequential amount like $1, not an entire night’s stay. The hotel assured me I will get the money back (at some point), however BE PREPARED that if booking through booking.com you will need enough money to cover payment at the hotel AND a rather large ‘deposit’. If staff at the hotel had explained this to me in a more civil way, they could have avoided a poor review.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or0-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Like home!,"A very pleasant hotel, warm, clean rooms. Large bathroom, old, but clean and  bright. Excellent breakfast, absolutely delicious and fresh, very nice, friendly staff.  We arrived there on the 25th of December, at 10 o’clock and the receptionist immediately offered us a room and invited us to have breakfast.  Very cozy hotel, like home. Thank you.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or0-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for a visit to London,"I've just been in London for a few days of business meetings and this place was perfect. It's 5mins walk from Golders Green station which meant I could be in the West End or the City in about 30mins. (One of the staff told me that during the weekend the trains run through the night as well!). My room was clean and serviced daily with fresh complimentary toiletries provided. Breakfast was delicious – scrambled eggs and smoked salmon on toast! Although they don't provide an evening meal the staff directed me to Golders Green Road (again, 5mins away) which has every kind of eatery, many open till very late. The staff couldn't have been more friendly, accommodating and – above all – informative. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone who wants an economical stay in London.…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or5-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",It’s what’s inside that counts,"We recently stayed here for 2 nights & were a little worried when we saw the outside but it was clean & tidy on the inside. We had a very large twin room, with bath & shower, unfortunately it was at the front of the hotel & it was very warm (heating was on but I think that was more for the foreign travellers who think that’s it’s cold here) & the noise of the traffic was pretty bad from about 7am until 10pm ish.  The room we had, had a tv, wardrobe, kettle (coffee & tea, sugar but we had to ask for milk which was put in a cup so had to be used straight away), table & chair (but I would suggest that maybe they get some new chairs as it didn’t look very clean) No hair drier in the room but I understand all you have to do it ask at reception.  There is a car park for about 4-5 cars…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or5-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",An all round no frills friendly clean Hotel!,"I came with my 13 year old daughter to see Pink at Wembley. Hotel was 5 min walk from tube station and a £12 Uber away from Wembley. Free parking is a godsend and only 10 minutes off the M1. Super friendly staff that go above and beyond with everything. The room itself is what you’d expect for a budget room - spacious, with just everything you need to rest your head for the night - extremely comfy beds, a little dated especially the bathroom but does what it’s supposed to do! Breakfast was fantastic for a “budget” London hotel with eggs and toast cooked fresh in addition to the photos of continental breakfast. Some of the negative reviews here are a little harsh, for what you pay for this, you shouldn’t really expect anything more than the basics! We would come back if we came…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or5-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"Do not book this hotel under any circumstances, it bears no resemblance to the images on the website, the room I was allocated smelt overwhelming of damp, even though they had opened the windows, hoping to disguise the smell, the bathroom was disgusting, rusty bath and shower head covered in mould, mould growing on the walls, carpet coming away from the floor with damp, to stay here would have been hazardous to our health, all you breath in was the smell of damp, I complained and asked for a different room, they were unable to comply with this request, I had no option but to check out and pay for a proper hotel room elsewhere, I have requested a refund but of course they do not reply and say I was a ‘no show’ blatantly untrue. DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL IT IS NOT FIT TO BE CALLED A…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or5-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money ,"Good location a 6-7 min walk from the tube station. Room was spacious as was the bathroom which has a tub and shower. Bed was comfy the pillows were superb. I struggle with some 4* hotel pillows but these were great. Free tea, coffee and bottles of water in the room. No fridge. A cupboard with hangers and plenty of towels available. Downside the doors are hard to close and lock so a lot of guests were slamming them shut to get them to lock in which was noisy. Rooms haven’t been decorated for a while. Overall it’s clean and for what you pay, no complaints. ",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or5-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"The Hotel is located in a Golders Green, 5 minutes walk from Golders Green underground station. Food shops around, not far from Hide Park. The Hotel is located in 2 buildings It is simple and clean, good sleeping facilities. Rooms: Rooms are clean, ok, beds ok, shower place ok. Good heating in the room. The Kosher Breakfast is reach and tasty. It is really good. Overall if I would recommend the hotel who needs a simple kosher hotel in Golders Green.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or10-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Happy to be back again!  Superb staff!,"While this is a stark, plain, almost dorm-like roomed hotel, with even a bit of street noise, the staff truly go out of their way to be helpful.  Easy check in, easy check-out.    Since I only need a clean and secure room to sleep as am out sightseeing all day, this locale was worth the trade-offs!  My one wish is that it had a hair dryer, but I had my mini travel one in my bag.  I drove, so their free on-site parking was a huge benefit!  The lot holds 5-6 cars and there were never more than 2-3 at any one time.  Score!  Easy in and out onto area streets.  A main road of shops is about a 3 block walk, which was well lit at night, and has several great restaurants, a drug store, etc.    The hotel's on-site rate included breakfast and had plenty (5-6) of cold cereal choices,…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or10-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Super,"quiet area, very friendly staff, decent prices, good and fresh food. Near metro station Golder Green (about 450 m - 10 minutes walk). Recommended for any kind of travel, whether you're just in transit or staying here for a few days.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or10-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant and friendly,"A welcoming simple hotel walking distance from the middle of Golders Green, and the ‘underground’ station. Great eating nearby- with the bonus of kosher everywhere. Rooms clean, breakfast generous! And the main draw is the warmth of the staff! (The rooms were warm, the showers/bath hot.) Biggest drawback is no sofas in room, no lounge in the hotel. But for a simple stay it was adequate. We’ll be back, for sure.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or10-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting room, rude staff","Stayed here with 2 friends prior to going to Wembley to watch England for what was meant to be a 30th birthday celebration, upon check in when we asked where nearest watering holes where, we was greeted with “you won’t be made welcome round here with being from the north” and best to stay in room (this from the receptionist), we got to the room to find it ridden with damp, disgustingly so, when we checked out the “gentleman” serving was extremely rude and obnoxious and only interested in money when I raised issues, avoid at all costs!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or10-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"We recently stayed here just for 1 night, staff were really friendly and always happy to help. Room was basic with plenty of room, the beds were really comfy...so comfy i had the best nights sleep 😊 was space to park the car and the hotel was more than happy for us to leave the car parked up even after we had checked out!! Breakfast was in the dinning room and it was set out beautifully with lots of variety and eggs and toast was cooked to order. I would definitely stay here again and its a 5 min walk to the tube station from the hotel 😊",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or15-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable budget hotel,"This is strictly a budget hotel but perfectly adequate for a short stay.  Very simply furnished rooms - think MFI style furniture but the bed was very comfortable, room was clean and bathroom immaculate. Not my choice of hotel but surprisingly better than I thought given the low rating. Good breakfast choices and tea / coffee in the room. Fridge and hairdryer are listed but not standard and you have to request them but this is reflected in the price.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or15-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"Cheap and cheerful hotel , nice breakfast, it is very very basic but if you need a cheap place in London to rest your head then this will do, it is a bit rough round the edges but the bedding and linen is clean and fine ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or15-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel  in Golders Green,"If you are a hedge fund manager ,  this hotel is NOT  for you.  If you are looking for a budget hotel ,  clean ,  with friendly staff and a nice breakfast ,  this maybe for you.  Rooms were clean with  a private bathroom ,  but  no  phone ,  no  air conditioning.    I paid about  $150  per night  during July  which is  high season.  Best not to travel during high season as most of the tourist attractions have lines of about  2 hours.  For the kosher traveler ,  everything you need   is about  a 7 minute walk for the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or15-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",A real surprise ..... Huge thank you. ,"Having stayed here with Elias for the last 17 weeks has been most welcoming, an amazing team, Connor the front man, very informative, friendly  with a great sense of humour. In all honesty, been a great stay... Home from home.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or15-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Location is great (in a Jewish neigborhood), close to bus stops and an underground station (Northern line) and the National Express bus stops here too and is perfect when coming from Luton airport. There's lots of shops, supermarkets, coffeeshops, pubs, restaurants in the area. Check in was a bit rushed. But the room looked really nice. Super clean, especially the bathroom. Big plus!! There's no a/c so we left the windows open and there's some street noise but very minimal. Beds are comfy. Breakfast included cereals, fruits, toast, etc. We didn't have eggs because it was sabbat and so they are not allowed to cook. But usually they would have, but you might need to ask for it. Friendly staff too.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or20-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and ok for one nights stay,We stayed here recently to go to a concert at Wembley stadium.  Bed was comfortable but room was very basic.  Was convenient for us to travel to Wembley by tube and bus  When going down for breakfast the next day we had to wait for quite a while to get a table and have our breakfast due to hotel being busy and not enough table and chairs to serve all guests who have breakfast as part of the booking  Price was reasonable but its not a place to stay too long if you want to stay in London for a break,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or20-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Concert,The hotel is in a great position not far from tube station and bus stops shops and bars just a short walk away. The staff were more then helpful and polite the room was clean and tidy tea and coffee in your room.could not fault the staff or hotel even the parking was ok . More then happy to stay again  and I like to  thank the staff for making our stay enjoyable ,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or20-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Uninhabitable for humans!,"I can't quite believe this property is allowed to remain open. I will be contacting the local authority about this 'hotel' that seems more like a seedy place where illegal things are happening.   Nobody was at reception. I kept pressing the bell but no answer, until eventually a very nervous looking man let us in, quickly handing us the keys to the room and disappeared.   The walk to the room was pretty disturbing so I already knew not to expect anything from the room. I was right. The walls were covered with damp. The bed sheets were stained. The carpets were stained. The heating didn't work and the room smelled of a recreational drug, which explains why the windows were open when it was 2 degrees outside.   The room was repulsive. My partner and I had a train to catch at 10am…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or20-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Good price, clean, comfortable and helpful staff!","Good price, clean, comfortable and helpful staff! Also, good location.  And happy to have groups.  The management were very helpful and accommodating for all of our group's needs.  The breakfast is kosher and fantastic!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or20-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value / I stayed on 3 separate occasions ,"I have had 4 stays at this Hotel over the last 8 weeks as my house has builders in. It really has been a home from home and I shall be sorry to move out,  the rooms are a little basic but have all the things you need and want. Clean with fresh crisp linen. An ensuite for privacy plus tea and coffee making facilities. The staff are friendly and accommodating and the fresh breakfast served on crisp white linen tablecloths with a good choice for a continental breakfast with eggs cooked to order. If you are on a budget then this is a superb choice, you won’t be disappointed. I am an experienced reviewer and often stay at top de luxe 5* hotels but can also appreciate a small independent Hotel offering excellent value for money in a good location well served with great restaurants and…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or25-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Well positioned, good breakfast (kosher), comfortable room, responsive staff","This kosher hotel is well positioned within easy walking distance of Golders Green Tube, and all the kosher restaurants and amenaties of Golders Green Road. The room is small and adequate the bed comfortable. The breakfast is good with smoked salmon, fresh vegetables, eggs made to order, etc., and is also kosher.  My flight was leaving early, the staff prepared a good take away breakfast for me to order, not a paper bag with an apple, sandwich and and drink.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or25-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Staff courtesy outweigh amenities!,"While this is a stark, plain, almost dorm-like roomed hotel, with even a bit of street noise, the staff truly go out of their way to be helpful.  Easy check in, easy check-out.  A 3 for hotel itself, but with their super friendly  staff & parking they get a 4!  Since I only need a clean and secure room to sleep as am out sightseeing all day, this locale was worth the trade-offs!  My one wish is that it had a hair dryer, but I had my mini travel one in my bag.  I drove, so their free on-site parking was a huge benefit!  The lot holds 5-6 cars and there were never more than 2-3 at any one time.  Score!  Easy in and out onto area streets.  A main road of shops is about a 3 block walk, which was well lit at night, and has several great restaurants, a drug store, etc.    The hotel's…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or25-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic ,"We spent one night at the Central Hotel in August when visiting London for the Rugby League Challenge Cup final.  We booked this hotel as there was the option to park and a nearby tube station. Unfortunately these were the only positives.  The hotel was very basic and the general areas unclean. Our double room was tiny and in great need of modernisation. The bathroom was mouldy and in need of a good clean. The carpet was dirty, with hair in and desperate for a good vacuum. The room was uncomfortably warm but opening the window made it difficult to sleep due to traffic noise. We felt we had seen enough and left without breakfast. Location is good but we would definitely look for better options when visiting London again.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or25-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"You don't get much for this price in London and I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. Off road parking, friendly welcome (we arrived late and the guy on reception was great) good clean room with everything we wanted. The rooms are clean and come with fridge and tea and coffee facilities, they could do with updating particularly the bathroom but was better than I was expecting for the budget. The breakfast was excellent and much better than I've had in more expensive hotels. A short walk away are the restaurants etc in Golders Green as well as Golders Green tube station. Would recommend this hotel as a good budget option when in London.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or25-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"My company booked me into this hotel for two nights working in London. My room was a superior single which might get into trouble with trading standards but that depends on what the standard rooms are like. Pros Room was clean, some off road parking was available with limited free road parking and Golders Green tube and shopping area a 5 minute walk away. Cons Room needed a facelift Busy road close by with road noise Toiletries consisted of a bar of soap During the night there was a constant humming from something above my room (23) Could not comment on the continental breakfast as I left early each day. At the end of the day the room is cheap and clean but very basic for £60 a night ",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or30-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",No Complaints,"I paid a couple of quid shy of 60 for a single room. To be fair for that price in London I wasn't even expecting a proper bed, but I had a quiet unassuming little room with a nice bed, and adequate bathroom facilities. Nice breakfast was thrown in. Parking available on site or street parking. Staff said Golders Green was 10 minute walk away, I did it in 5 no problem. I was attending a party in Leicester square and this was a perfect place to set up base with the night tube stopping at Golders Green. So, bed, breakfast, free parking, free WiFi and even free sweets on the reception desk for a fraction of the cost of a hotel in central London. No Complaints here.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or30-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointed ,"I had booked the hotel very last minute and offering a low rate but close to where I needed to be. Although there were some negative comments my schedule meant that I would arrive late and leave fairly early so it was just a place for a head rest for the night. At about 20.30 when I arrived, the front door was closed but it was answered quickly and booking was just as quick. When I got to the room the door was open as it could only be closed when it was locked by key.  I was given in the description a superior single room which was a complete mis-quote as there was nothing superior about it. A rickety single bed next to peeling wall paper under a cheap curtained window. Although the shower was en suite and was in a better condition than the room there were issues as well. The…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or30-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect place to stay,"It's not often that I award a hotel 5 stars but I think it's justified in this case.  My room was described as a ""Budget Double Room"" . It turned out to be a large room with two beds plus a good -size bathroom with full-size bath and shower. The room was warm, the water was hot, the bed was comfortable, TV and wi-fi worked perfectly.  Tea and coffee were provided in the room (only one tea-bag  but I""m sure this was just an oversight!). I didn't have breakfast but it was available if required. Check-out time was 11 a.m. which is also generous compared to some other hotels.  The hotel has a small car-park or you can park outside in the road.  There are buses nearby or the tube station is about 5 minutes walk. If you're looking for a small hotel in North London, I would say this is…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or30-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Blissful stay at a peaceful location,"My wife booked this hotel for our 10-day London vacation. She selected this hotel because it would have cost a bomb to stay in a five-star luxury establishment for that many nights. All i can say is that we have no regrets. This hotel is located in the Golders Green neighborhood, less than 10 minutes' walk from the Tube station and all the town amenities. It is in a peaceful environment. The  Tube location is along the Northern Line, so it was a straight journey to many of our stops. We checked in on a Saturday and although it was a Sabbath day for the hotel management, we still received a warm and friendly reception from a staff member named Johnny. He made us feel comfortable and checked us in without delay, even though it was before noon. Our stay included a decent breakfast,…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or30-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Good Budget Hotel,"Looks a bit shabby on outside and is certainly dated. But this hotel is clean, warm, secure and feels safe with friendly staff and clean rooms. Bathroom clean, nice towels and soap provided for powerful hot showers. Tea and coffee and bottle of water in the room, flat screen TV, fresh clean linen and a comfortable non saggy bed. Large buffet breakfast, with lots of cheese,meats,pastries,cereals, nice yogurts and more ... plus eggs and toast however you like them and lots of fresh coffee. At this price for London it is a reasonable place to stay",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or35-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"We stayed in a twin room. Proprietors really helpful and friendly. Room and bathroom clean, towels and soap, wifi. Beds were comfy and very clean. Breakfast mainly continental but eggs on offer. All staff were friendly and helpful. It is outside central London but tube is 10 mins walk. I feel if the owners gave a more detailed map of how to walk to the hotel from the tube that would be very helpful as Hoop Lane is a very long road and the map doesn't give much info to the walker. It's a budget hotel and one of the most pleasant I've stayed in. If you are expecting more go into London and pay the prices. I would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or35-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny but comfortable,I spent a couple of nights in a tiny single room with en suite shower/toilet. The bed didn't look it but was very comfortable and I slept very well. I had to re-position the kettle to make a brew as the lead wasn't long enough. Parking at the hotel was limited and in tiny spaces but thankfully I was one of the few guests with a vehicle. Only a continental breakfast available. The shower was decent enough. Reasonable price given the location but any more and it'd be expensive for what it is.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or35-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Surprised,"Dont be put off from bad reviews, free parking smooth check-in, we had two rooms both clean, fresh towels beds comfortable free wifi continental breakfast included the only bad thing i can say of the room is bathroom tiles could do with re-grouting, only 5 mins walk to centre and bus and tube station thanks for the pleasant stay ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or35-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a one night stop,"Drove down for a night out, and this hotel fit the bill perfectly ;  Pro's : Close to M1, so no messing around driving in London, free onsite parking, cheap price for the area at last minute, 4 minutes walk from the tube.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Hotel was very cheap compared to a lot of alternatives in the area, and was the only one to offer free parking. Parking on site was a ""little tight"" but I may have got lucky !  Room itself showed signs of age, some good plasterwork over exposed wiring cables, bed was OK considering it's historic status.  Basically, i'm unsure what this was. part hotel, part motel, part hostel.  I didn't try the free breakfast and opted to make a swift exit.  All in all perfect for a no frills overnight stop at a great price for London. I…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or35-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",One Night Stop Over,"Looking for a last minute hotel around the area that was close to the university.found this one at a reasonable price.  Selected triple room but when we got there we only got a double, well a double room in a tiny room. Bed was rock solid. However despite that the room was clean and so was the bathroom it was close to where we had to go and the staff were friendly and accommodated our parking needs. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or40-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Economical, clean, quiet, and helpful","If you want to be within very reasonable distance of London, and be able to quickly access the Harry Potter Studios in Watford Junction, This is the place! A safe neighborhood, stores and shops nearby where locals shop (not the ridiculous prices in London) and easy access to the metro to get into London, but still have a reasonable price with a healthy breakfast (eggs and toast to order or cereal, fruit, tea or coffee) each morning. As with any hotel offering wifi, some rooms do not pick up well and if you have a lousy device (lap top, smart phone, or tablet) you simply go to the dining room to work on the table there. No, it's not a brand new building with a doorman and valet.  If that is what you want, get your wallet out and stay in the city. But for friendly, personable…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or40-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I used this hotel after attending a fitness convention nearby. I only needed overnight accommodation so the 1 bedroom with en suite suited my needs. It was clean, functional and warm. I had a late check in (after 8pm) and early check out (5am) but this was no problem to the staff when I phoned to make arrangements. A key was left as instructed AND the best bit was because of my early departure they left a lovely tray of breakfast choices in my room on arrival. Having had no time for shopping or eating out before or after the convention this was perfect! Thank you! Yes it looks abit scary on the outside, and previous bad reviews are off putting but I would recommend this hotel based on my experience.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or40-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",2 star not three star,"our room was basic but very clean. One of the windows had a missing handle making it impossible to close and so we were kept awake by traffic noise. There was no wi-fi even though it was listed. Breakfast was adequate though we ate it standing up as there were insufficient seats in a tiny dining room. There were no cups for coffee; we drank from take away cups. No tea was offered. Even though there are about thirty  rooms, there was only seating for fourteen people . Most worringly the room has no fire exit plan or instructions. The staff were very friendly and helpful but more needs to be spent on the basics of this hotel. I wouldn't stay again nor recommend.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or40-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Really awful - yuck ,"My husband and I stayed here for (thankfully) just one night. The building looks horrible from the outside, so we were expecting the worst from the room.   The room was not quite as disgusting as the exterior of the hotel, but was definitely not that good either. There were stains on everything, mainly the walls and carpets. The ceiling had patches with looked like mould and the bathroom had black limescale all over the tiles and taps.   The worst part was that one of the windows in our room had the handle broken off, so we could not close it - no matter how hard we tried to drag it in without the handle regardless. This resulted in a sleepless noisy and drafty night. We might as well have been camping outside. The heater also had the handle broken off, but thankfully we managed…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or40-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, well located and great value for money","located in the heart of Golders Green only 5 minutes walk from the station. Station has direct underground trails to Oxford Street, London eye and London Bridge. Room was basic yet clean and comfortable. Continental breakfast was satisfying having eggs toast and cereal. Staff were friendly and very helpful. beds were made daily yet the room was not daily cleaned as we got pizza take away in the beginning of our holiday and till the last day, the pizza boxes were still there. Wi-Fi was really fast and available in all areas of the hotel.  Overall, it was a very good stay and great value for money.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or45-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, clean, friendly and well located","We have just spent a night at this hotel. It is a very good, reasonably priced B & B, located within 5 minutes walk of Golders Green Tube Station and one minute walk from a bus stop, therefore giving excellent links to central London. It is also very close to the bottom of the M1 and A1 and is easy to locate. The staff were extremely helpful, the rooms were exceptionally clean and the breakfast was simple, but very good. The staff were really polite and helpful and free car parking is available on site. This is the first time we have used this hotel but would not hesitate to use it again on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or45-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Does its' job and does it well.,"I have just returned fron a 2 day visit to London having stayed at this hotel and all I can say is that it is a great place to stay, convenient from and to both the M1 and for transport into Central London. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful, the hotel clean and tidy and great value for London which, let's face it, is a very expensive place to stay in. Very pleasing and would definitely stay here again. Very highly recommended.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or45-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","comfortable, friendly staff , great value for money","I stayed in Central hotel golders green for 11 nights, Room was nice, beds are very comfortable, good breakfast and helpful staff. location is great, just walking from golders green metro station. also you have access to plenty of shops in golders green road.  Free parking and wifi made my stay more great. Great hospitality, Great team.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or45-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for a short stay,Great location; friendly and efficient staff; room clean and comfortable; breakfast was ideal and replenished as and when needed without asking.  Soap provided in bathroom but no shower gel or shampoo so do take your own.  It is good value for money.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or45-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely wonderful,"This hotel is in a great location, was sparkling clean, and has such an accommodating staff.The hotel offers excellent service, and it is value for money. My wife and I enjoyed our stay at the hotel.  Special features: 3 min walk to Golders Green tube , delicious breakfast and free car park.   I personally recommend everyone to stay in Central hotel if you are visiting London.   Regards Masroor   Masroor",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or50-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great customer service.","Personal and friendly service before we even arrived, I had a phone call to answer my query rather than an online reply, which was lovely. On arrival we were greeted with a smile, advice about the tube, interest in our visit and were made to feel very important, The room was clean, warm, comfortable and cosy. Everything we needed was provided and we had a great stay. Thank you,",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or50-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","very clean, very nice staff","Easy contact and prompt answers from the front desk, help to carry the luggage, cosy and light, clean single room, secure location, polite and nice staff. Close to bus station and tube and to shops on Golders Green and Finchley Road. Close to Hampstead parks. A nice touch would be to have a shelf in the bathroom for the toiletteries.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or50-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Value Hotel near Tube Station,The Hotel is 200 meters away from the main street. Enough not to be disturb by noise. Golders Green station is quite close too. Room are clean and large (double single room) Beakfast in the morning is quite simple without chocolate or yogurt. Staff is very nice!! thank you for the iron.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or50-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Breakfast was very modest but nice, they even offer eggs (except Saturdays).  Both hotel buildings dont look attractive, but inside everything is very clean. Room are clean, shower is hot, everyth. works properly. Bed is comfortable, every day cleaning, kettle and sugar-tea-coffee bags.  Staff are very kind.  Golders Green tube st. HAS a LIFT! Very convenient!  Generally good hotel for such money.  But with me smth went wrong from the beginning. I asked for a quiet room (i m a very light sleeper) and got the room facing the local main road, with noisy traffic. It was under the roof and i have to mind my head in a bathroom, half-bent. In the evening my room was very hot after sunny day, and windows didnt open normally, just a little bit to let almost no fresh night air in. Also…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or50-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",First Trip To London,"My Mom and I arrived a few hours earlier than check in time and was told they would get a room ready for us right away.  They did very quickly. We were offered Tea, Coffee and juice while we waited.  They even gave us a first floor room before I even asked, which was good for my 80 year old Mom, my traveling buddy. The staff was always very nice and very polite. They responded right away if I had a question or issue.  Like not knowing how to turn on the heat and how to work the TV.  We had a very clean room with fresh towels everyday, which was great.  Breakfast was good and included eggs, cooked however you liked.  The hotel was a short walking distance from the Golders Green Tube,  busses, a large shopping area, banks and a post office.  I would definitely stay again and…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or55-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",a nice Jewish hotel in a Jewish quarter,"not far from the Tube station Golders Green, in a quiet Jewish quarter (not far from the beautiful quarter of Hampstead); nice staff (one member speaks Czech!), pleasant communication; choice of eggs + toasts for breakfast; clean rooms, floor heating, kettle with tea + coffee, clean sheets + towels every day",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or55-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Just what you need.,"Nice refurbished room, WiFi, TV, very clean. Friendly and attentive staff. It was my home for 18 days. Near by Golders Greens Metro and bus Station. When I am back to London I will be back to Central Hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or55-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Spot On,"Although arriving  atfter 10pm I was relived to find someone on the desk who was most helpful .The rooms are clean and tidy with moden furniture and a resent decoration make the place look very welcoming. I've found the location fantastic for the tube thats only a 3 minute walk away so I can be in the centre of London within 25 minutes and that's on foot meaning I can leave my car in the free car park and save a fortune. For food there must be 30 restaurants and takeout places on the main road 5 minutes away.  Anyone looking for a cheap hotel that's within easy access to the city, you'll not get better for the price. I would highly recommend it.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or55-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for Tourists,"I just spent the Easter weekend at the Central Hotel.  My room had recently been refurbished so it had a shiny, new feel to it. Also a wall-mounted TV (offering freeview) and plenty of hanging and storage space. Free wi-fi is also available.  The bed was comfortable. There was also a fridge in the room.  The bathroom was clean and I was given fresh towels and complimentary soap every day when the room was serviced.  The staff were welcoming and friendly at all times.  For a tourist this hotel’s strongest point is accessibility. There is a bus stop about a minute away and the nearest subway station is only about five minutes walk. I managed to get to the West End each day in less than 30mins.  Although they only do breakfast here, the hotel is only five minutes walk from Golders…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or55-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"Having read the reviews we reserved judgment on this hotel.  We stayed on a Saturday evening having stayed at another hotel on the Friday.  Prior to arriving at the hotel we had asked if we would be able to leave our car with them prior to checking in so we could venture off in to London.  Although not guaranteed it was a possibility.  We actually arrived with them early in the morning and although our room was not ready we were given our key and able to park so we could go off in to London and not worry about having to come back to check in later on.  The room was clean, bathroom a little dated but functionable.  The location was great and we would stay here again.  The staff at breakfast were very attentive and a continental breakfast included in the price.  As long as you see…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or60-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London","Almost cancelled my booking because of the reviews on tripadvisor, so glad I didn't!!!","I would like to start by saying all the reviews for this place are very unfair. I booked a two night stay without reading the reviews, then panicked and called in to cancel my booking based on what I had read. It's true when they say don't believe everything you read. When I called to cancel I mentioned the reviews and I was personally promised that I would have a pleasant time, and as a goodwill gesture to prove the reviews wrong they upgraded my room even though the one I had already booked was also lovely. Though it may not look the best from the outside when you first see it, but they are refurbishing the whole hotel, and everything was new in the inside. The staff were very friendly and homely. Taking into account I only booked my room two days before I planned on staying…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or60-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Do not use this hotel,"My husband booked a weekend at this hotel for the 6th to 7th December. When we arrived about 3pm, as that was the check in time, we saw a few people standing outside of the building. It did not take long to learn that they could not get into the hotel. Unbelievable that one can book a room and then cannot get in! The doors were locked and when we all individually rang the number written on the door there was no response. We put our stuff back into the car and went to sightsee in London and periodically called the hotel, left messages but no response. To cut this story short we had to go into a shop where there was free WIFI to book somewhere to stay for the night! Shame on you Central Hotel on Hoop Lane! The other guests that could not get in was also left in the position of…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or60-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Getting better.,"i am a long term business  user of this hotel and I agree it has it's fair share of issues. However many other hotels have similar issues. As with any place you stay you've got to have some street savvy. Lock your room, leave valuables in the safe, and complain to management. You'll likely get a discount and an apology which is better than being ignored or being told it not policy to offer a refund or any recompense at all. They are working their way through a much needed refurbishment which means physical standards are improving. There are new staff being trained up so it hopefully means lots of improvements on the way. I have generally found it a cheery little place, a bit basic, but none the worse for that.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or60-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLLLLLEEEEEE,The hotel is very dirty no hot water in the shower no cleaning service in the rooms very noisy hotel if I can call it hotel I payd 35£ a knight for a room of 2m×3m alot smaller then a prison cell very unpleasant hotel staff and the worst of all my wallet and my laptop and my money was stolen from the room ,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or60-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",The most revolting terrifying hotel EVER,"Travelled to london for my brothers cremation . Expecting a normal hotel WRONG. Apart from it being filthy  there was screaming shouting and a chanting going on from many guests till i eventually left at 3 in the morn . Had to wake my brothers wife to come get us. They admitted there was awful noise and offered me my nights refund hs ha what a joke that was in dec . No money recieved again many excuses . E.g forgor it ,cant bank from their bank to mine , forgot it again ect. My mum was 87 what a horrific experience for her night before cremating her son.  If you want to be terrified and horrified  this is your hotel . Its 5 months later no refund .recieved",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or65-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Use the fire escape!,"So, we prepay via Expedia, for three nights. Cool. Show up the first day at four in the afternoon. Normal working hours, yeah? That's what we thought. But no receptionist. Had the same problem as everybody else- nobody answered the phone, et cetera. No keys for us in the flower pot, either. Ended up going in through a fire escape that was left open, for whatever reason. Found our room, with the keys inside, beds unmade, trash still in the can, no indication that this was actually our room other than it was the only available two-bed room. So we crashed there, because we already paid for it, why not. Next day the man serving breakfast tells us that this is a regular occurrence and nobody does anything about it, and the receptionist still doesn't show up until two that afternoon,…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or65-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for !,"Don't be put off by the horror stories. We stayed at the Central for 2 nights at the end of November. We paid £106 for 2 of us. For £26.50 each per night we had a large room, twin beds, tea and coffee making facilities with plenty of tea/coffee, uht etc. The sheets, I believe, were either laundered or boiled washed,the beds small but comfortable. The room was shabby but clean as was the bathroom. The small refrigerator was clean. There didn't seem to be any breakfast but there was a big bowl of fresh fruit which, in my opinion, was better than the usual cold toast or dry croissant most hotels serve as 'breakfast'. The hotel is in an ideal location for the shops and more importantly the tube/bus/coach station is literally a 2 minute walk away. The Central isn't the Dorchester but…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or65-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",worst horror house in the world,People DO NOT GO THERE is a dump the most orrid and scary place in the world. STAFF is equally rude and lazy. Rooms are out of a horror movie. NO need details trust us please dont waste your money!!!!!,None,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or65-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel but good location for events at Kenwood House,"I booked this very last minute on a Sunday morning for a stay the same day.  When I arrived the hotel was locked, I tried the number stuck on the door which was switched off, so I left a message.  I waited 20 minutes then called the number on my booking email which took me through to a central res.  They tried to call the hotel too but couldn't get an answer and then informed me the hotel doesn't attend check-ins on a Sunday and there should be a key under the flower pot!  There wasn't.  As I gave up and walked back to my car a man came out of the annexe next door and finally let me in.  He was the best thing about thix hotel, very friendly, helpful and apologetic but I was still annoyed at waiting outside for an hour to get in.  Add to this the general depressing nature of the…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or65-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Eggs and Toast,"Kind of mixed feelings regarding my recent 2 night stay.  At the end of the day it is pretty cheap for London, Zone 3. Room was big enough for the 3 single beds.  A wee bit grubby but the sheets were clean on the bed.  My mate looked for somewhere to hide valuables and came across a pair of ladies briefs behind the radiator, that had clearly been there a long time.  The en suite was pretty shabby, a lot of mould that had just been sealed over around the bath etc.  The room itself was really roasting and it was difficult to leave the windows open on the ground floor, especially in the morning when other guests find their way there to have a cigarette. The dining room was a bit dysfunctional, they tend to wipe the crumbs onto the floor to clear a table for you when you need one. …",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or70-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",infrastructure,"let's say that the hotel's infrastructure needs to be improved.  The hotel wasn't dirty, but just in very poor shape: rusty fixtures in the bathroom, hot water for only 3 of the 7 days I and my 13-year -old daughter stayed in the hotel  (granted I was refunded £70 of the £540 I paid for the week stay), torn and worn (but reasonably clean) sheets and bedlinen, peeling paint inside & out. fortunately the staff were wonderful. they were extremely helpful, approachable, kind, and understanding in trying to solve problems:  such as giving us  access to another room which had hot water, etc. at certain point they gave us another room with hot water, but with neighbours who literally shouted ALL NIGHT. ",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or70-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Not only a dump but a dangerous dump!,"This Hotel is an absolute disgrace, not only is it dirty (see pictures) but presents a risk to those who stay there. We found fire doors propped open using fire extinguishers and the extinguishers themselves were out of date. The last test date on the ones we saw was 2006 which is illegal and asks a number of questions about the overall safety of this building. The room we were in was filthy, there was mould on the walls in the bathroom, curtains hanging off the rails and thick dust/fluff where the room had not been properly cleaned. The carpet was covered in stains and looked as if it had never been cleaned. The television did not work properly there was intermittent Wi-Fi and there was no milk provided so we could not make a drink. There was no room telephone as advertised.…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or70-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",HOTEL VERY COLD,The bedroom is not clean. The floor is not clean. It was very cold in the bedroom. The breakfast is not an english BREAKFAST. There is just the eggs the sunday not bacon. I won t come back at this Hotel.,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or70-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Never book this hotel,"Right, well  All I can say is this place needs to be closed down! I mean as soon as u walk in its like a hostel out of one of those thriller movies.  The whole place stinks of smoke and damp. The rooms are in desperate need of an interior designer and a contemporary feel. The walls are dirty, the curtains hang which creates draft and a haggard look to the room... And the beds are really uncomfortable.  The breakfast is pathetic, you might as well bring a packed lunch with you because you will starve. I woke up to shower and the water ran cold for an HOUR with no reply or sign of reception to resolve it.  This place is just a joke to be perfectly honest. I'm not going to lie and help people wase thier good money here. Just stay at home with a take away and a nice movie. These…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or70-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"I booked this hotel out of desperation for somewhere to stay, I walked up the stairs which were disgustingly dirty,with a putrid smell of damp as you scaled them! The lobby itself was a joke with wallpaper hanging off the walls. The hotel is well away from the centre o Golders Green with the parking very tight to say the least. Upon entering my room it smelt like a nightclub ashtray from 20 years ago, there was mould on the bath and generally dirty. That was enough for me so I proceeded to go back to the lobby to de,and a refund! It was the best thing I done as the whole hotel is absolutely disgusting!",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or75-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Wished we had stayed at Fawlty Towers,"Used to be a nice convenient place to stay. The elderly lady who used to work there was wonderful but now she's left the place had gone downhill. Twice they forgot to clean our room, so we had no clean towels, toilet roll, no tea and coffee or clean cups. One morning the breakfast room was locked as no staff had turned up so we didn't get breakfast. When we did get breakfast we had to keep asking for stuff like cutlery, cereal bowls and cups. All the tables were left dirty and we had to wait for someone to clean one so we could sit down. We won't be staying there again.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or75-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Going Cheap isn't always worth it.,"I don't really have anything good to say about this hotel.  It was certainly the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.  My friend and I stayed for a week, during which time housekeeping only showed up one on the final day to bring towels.  The Wifi only worked a few days during the trip, and the shower didn't work, so we had to atke baths.  The continental breakfast was never open on time so we never had a chance to check that.  We tried calling the front desk several times, but no one ever answered the phone.  I could not in good conscience recommend this hotel to anyone. ",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or75-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Booked this over the internet as a hotel & accepted it's description, however on arrival it was clear it was not  as described. It was dirty & run down from the outside & worse inside, & room was appalling, run down & dirty. Clearly it was 'digs' & not a hotel for traveller/holiday maker.  We paid £90 for 1 night stay which was extortionate (also now note hotel double room is advertised as being up to £65, so don't know where £90 price came from).Wish we had taken photos but was in shock & didn't stay long as fortunately we had a choice & spent less than 2 minutes in the place before leaving & booking in the Hilton in Islington for not much more. If the owners have any conscience they will give the money we paid to a homeless charity or spend it on doing it up for the poor souls…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or75-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",miserable and run down..,"horrible place there is no1 at reception half the time, its a good ten minutes walk from the majority of the shops, along a long winding road and then a bridge, theres no way its a `stone throw` from golders green road, as i was originally told. also if you have shopping bags, it takes a good 15 minutes to drag it all the way round too.  the wifi is abysmal, the room has a very stale old smell to it, the building feels clostrophobic, campy and little space to move around, there is mould on some of the ceilings,  if you want budget, this is for you if you want comfort, find somewhere else and pay a bit more  this hotel definatly resembles the saying `you get what you pay for`",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or75-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful,"Booked this hotel as I needed a place to stay at short noticeand the premier inns etc had no vacancies in this part of London.  That is all that it is suitable for. The staff are very helpful but only the actual bed sheets seemed clean. The rest of the bedding, the curtains, carpet and bathroom are dreadful. The reception desk is only open at certain hours. It is cheap but not worth the money as the whole place needs cleaned and painted.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or80-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Good location, easy access to transportation,   good breakfast..   Staff cooperative.  Clean sheets and washroom. I would stay there gain if they would replace old blankets and bed spreads for new ones.  It was not pretty pulling an old ugly blanket over you to sleep at nights,  it  just did not feel good.",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1489008-Reviews-or80-Central_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Central Hotel Reviews, London",Spring for something better,"We only stayed here because it was the cheapest en suite room we could find in London while we were moving flats.  Luckily it is also in our neighborhood in North London.  If you are not from London, be aware that there is nothing ""central"" about this hotel.  It lies in Golders Green, which is a neighborhood in North London (zone 3).  It is a nice area and the hotel is walking distance to the tube.    I am not picky, but this place was so unreasonably run-down... paint peeling off the walls, old shower with chipped tile, dank smell, old shabby blankets, filthy glasses and tea cups in the room.  We never tried the breakfast for fear that it wouldn't be sanitary.  Also the boiler broke down one day and we had no hot water.  We were made to take all of our toiletries and change of…",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
