,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or0-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Definitely Had Problems, But Location, Staff and Price Helped Strike Balance","I booked this hotel on an OLTA at a very modest price.  It's in a great location in Sussex Gardens, about two blocks from Hyde Park and less than a 10 minute walk to Paddington Station and countless stores and restaurants.   Some have suggested the area is dodgy and even loud.   I didn't experience that at all.  In fact, I walked it at all hours and found it pleasant and quiet.   A rather friendly gentleman checked me in and provided me a key I was required to leave at the front desk when out of the room.   I understand the practice since the keys are metal but I don't care for it.   I was given the oft-reviewed basement room so was concerned, particularly with the musty smell I encountered as I approached it.   However, the room itself didn't smell at all.    There definitely were problems, ranging in degree.   The bed was a thin, cheap and heavily worn mattress that sagged in the middle.   I'm easy going but it needs to be replaced.   The TV was fine, with enough channels, but it was placed too high which made it hard to watch.   The window didn't latch.  Anyone could have come through.   The wifi was usable but poor.   There were mismatched carpet patches outside the bathroom, clearly due to water damage.   IN the tiny bathroom, the floor felt hollow in places,  under the tile.   It was heated by an old radiator and you had to lie on the bed and reach back in the corner to activate or adjust it.   The shower head was on a slider with no tension so I had to stick cardboard in it to keep it raised.   The toilet ran.   I only reported one or two problems to management that I felt easily could be fixed, since the rest were quite obvious and I'm sure they were just not able to resolve.   Towels and toiletries were basic and fine.   Remaining few pieces of furniture were old and worn.  There was a small armoire that held a blanket and hair dryer.  There was a kettle too.   Lighting all worked and was more than adequate.  Some complained about breakfast and I don't see how.   There was toast, juice, tea/coffee, poached eggs, beans and fresh sliced bacon.   It was served by a very friendly woman, who also cleaned the rooms and it was one of the highlights of my stay.   What do you want?  Eggs Benedict and champagne?     The breakfast, convenient location and friendly staff, all did much to offset the poor condition of the room.   This place isn't for everyone but if your tastes are simple and you're easy going, you'll find it acceptable.…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or0-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Broken windscreen.,"Rooms very basic, terrible smell coming from plug holes. Paid £50 to park car outside hotel. Came out to a cracked windscreen. Receptionist very rude! Food pretty cold. Wouldn’t recommend at all. Pay abit extra and go somewhere else.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or0-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Avoid at all costs!,"Absolutely awful place to stay, this was the alternative given by booking.com for them double booking us in another hotel, rude staff, room only had a double bed and single bed for 4 people which was stated on booking, broken shower, dirty sheets, breakfast was inedible, night shift staff and guests arguing until 3.00am, worst hotel ever stayed in, stay here at your peril! Avoid at all cost",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or0-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Wish I could give less than one star,"I spent five nights at the Springfield Hotel last week.  I was shocked at the condition of the room.  There were some very basic problems which made me wonder whether they should have used the room for guests at all. First the positive things:  The staff seems very nice.  The location is amazing—only a five-minute walk (if that) to Paddington Station where you can get to anywhere easily via trains or the underground.  Lots of places to eat are five minutes away or less on foot which is nice because there is no restaurant at the “hotel” which is actually a B & B.  Very affordable.  Now, the negatives: I stayed in a double with a private bath.  It was room #2. The shower only had half a door and then a flimsy curtain for the other half.  Seriously! The windows do not lock properly. My room had an extra door that opened onto a small, walled private area.  It was a disaster and the step had a broken glass bottle which no one had bothered to clean.  Large chunks of broken glass were littered on the very step where one would step if going outside. The sink was an old-fashioned sink with a plug.  The hot and cold water came out of separate spouts.  The plug was attached to the sink with a screw and the screw was falling out of the sink. The closet floor was either chipped or filthy.  I didn’t want to touch it to find out. The bathroom garbage can was too big for the space provided for it so it was in the way of the toilet seat.  This meant that closing the toilet seat was a problem.  The only towel racks were large, slippery and right above the toilet.  I couldn’t use the towel racks without the towels slipping and falling into the toilet. The light in the bathroom was old-fashioned with a filthy string.  It stopped working properly on my last day before I checked out.  The shower pressure was almost non-existent and the thermostat was not set properly.  You had to turn the shower on by turning the dial with the thermostat and even at “4”, the water was too hot.  It someone wasn’t paying attention at set it to “5”, it would be hot enough to scald.  The lighting in the room is TERRIBLE!   The heating is not individual.  Your heater /radiator goes on whether you want heat or not.  It stays off whether you want heat or not.  The toilet didn’t work properly.  You had to flush with the handle 3-4 times for it to flush.   The fan in the bathroom did not work at all so every weak shower meant steam throughout the unit and the lack of a fan also meant that using the toilet left an odor in the entire room.   Breakfast was included which was great but the only day I had breakfast, I found a large hair in my eggs.   Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere!  I wish I had.…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or0-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Adequate,"This place is as far removed from the Ritz as it gets! However, it’s central and surrounded by bars, restaurants and transport links. It was shabby in places definitely but the room was very clean as were the towels and bed linen. The ‘Full English Breakfast’ was ‘English’ but not particularly ‘Full!’ 1 slice of bacon, 1 fried egg and a spoonful of beans. Toast was unlimited though so we filled our boots until we weren’t hungry anymore in preparation for another day of pounding the pavements and jumping on and off the tube. The bathroom is tiny but again it was clean, and if like us you only intend to shower in it and use the loo, it’s fine. It’s nowhere near big enough to hold a full on rave in, although I reckon you could possibly manage an Irish jig? The staff were helpful and pleasant, and this hotel served as a decent enough place to sleep after slightly more glasses of wine than needed. We would stay here again!…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or5-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Try to avoid - only benefit is location for Paddington (and bacon butty at b'fast),"Not much to say really. It is a very tired, squalid and cramped town house hotel that only serves really as a bag drop and a bed (uncomfortable and dirty) for the night. When I stayed it was hot outside and hotter inside.  After lugging my huge bags up to floor 4 (no lift and certainly v limited disabled access) I was a mess and so tried to cram my body into to minute shower for a trickle of water.  The receptionist was pleasant enough but warned there are no safes in rooms and that locks on doors are flimsy. So not secure.   My sleep was disturbed regularly by cop cars whizzing by, and by my shouting and the 'ladies of the night' in Sussex Gardens to quieten down.  This hotel is OK if you need to be walking distance from Paddington for one night and only need a staging post.…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or5-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Only book this if you are desperate !,I was in one of the two rooms that were in the basement. There was a very small courtyard outside with ladders against the wall. I assume this was my escape route if there was a fire. The door to this courtyard was filthy and the door didn't lock properly. The net curtains and the heavier curtains were filthy and creased. The shower doors were off the rails and didn't close but I managed to fix this problem by manoeuvring  the doors back onto the rail. The floor in the bathroom was very soft and wobbly and has probably been constantly soaked by the faulty shower doors. The wallpaper was patchy as was the carpet and there was an old broken wardrobe that had an awful damp smell in it. You could not hang your clothes in there. There was only a bath towel in the room and no hand…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or5-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,shocking,Room window didn't lock (ground floor) Shower doors didn't shut. Bathroom floor wobbly and sunken. Rugs covering gaps in carpet/ No means of fire escape from this room. Breakfast was surprisingly good but never stayed in such a terrible room EVER!!!!,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or5-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Absolutely Terrible!,"This is honestly the worst hotel experience I've ever had. Upon entry a bad smell lingered in the ""lobby"" if you could call it that. What I entered seemed like an abandoned pub with grotty decor and carpets. When I entered the reception area, the extremely rude woman behind the desk wouldn't look up from watching Mrs Brown's Boys on her television set! Eventually she looked up and went ""Yes?"" She then gave me my key and I went downstairs into a cellar of sorts where I found my room. This was absolutely disgusting. Electric heater that you would buy from Argos instead of radiators! The view out my window was into some sort of abandoned cemented area with high walls and cabling hanging down. The bathroom had a seedy redlight as well. The floor hadn't been fully carpeted so a stray…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or5-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,The Worst Hotel.,"I stayed 4 nights, the first ground floor room was handy and quiet but the bed was broken and the rear exit door was locked. I was moved to a second floor room with two single beds, it was worse. The floor was sunken and creaky, the doors squeaky. There is nowhere to hang towels, the toilet lid won't stay up, one of the windows wouldn't stay closed and the TV reception was poor for the BBC channels. The first floor balcony was just covered with old appliances and junk. The only good thing was the breakfast.!! Of all the Hotels I have stayed over the years, this is by far the worst.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or10-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Mrs Williams,"Small Hotel in a fab location as so close to Paddington Station. Very friendly, helpful staff. Rooms were small but clean. Breakfast was basic but very nice and filled us up well. If you want a posh hotel then this is definitely not the hotel for you as it desperatley needs a lick of paint and needs some maintenance. But if like me you are travelling with a budget and have a large family this is ideal as its clean, friendly and in a fab location. Thank you to the staff for making us welcome.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or10-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,EXCEPTIONAL STAFF,This is my honest and truthful review about staying at the Springfield’s Hotel on New Years Eve:  I checked into the hotel with just myself and my 2 year old son on NYE.  I rang ahead and spoke to Ms Behngie who very kindly sorted out my car parking.  The staff on duty Mr Driller was very helpful and Carried my bags up 3 floors whilst I carried my little one.  I was most surprised when he informed me that the hotel has very kindly upgraded me to a double room after realising I was staying with my toddler. I was completely taken aback by Ms Behngie’s generosity but the hotel staff members did not stop there!  By far the kindest and best staff I have ever come across! Nothing was too much hassle they even went to get me food in the early hours of the morning as it was not possible…,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or10-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Would have been ok but...,"When I stayed here, it was more or less what I expected. An average hotel, small rooms but reasonably clean with en suite bathroom. Nothing exceptional and I would have rated it a 3 as it met my low expectations.  However, two weeks after staying, the credit card I paid the bill with was used for some fraudulent transactions. Fortunately my bank were quick to act and they were stopped. You might ask, why do I connect this to the hotel? Well, the card I used is one that I very rarely use and it hadn't been used for weeks before my stay or at all afterwards. This may have just been a rogue employee but I advise any one staying there to beware.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or10-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,The worst hotel experience I've ever had.,"I stayed in Springfield Hotel London with my family on June 2018. The experience turned out to be the worst ever. We've travelled and lived around the world and seen many kind of places, but nothing like this before. Our room was in a cellar, it was dark and  had a moist smell. However, the worst thing was, that there was also a sickened mouse and our room was next to the hotels kitchen. The wifi did not work as promised and the breakfast was disgusting. Even though the personnel promised our money back due to the mouse problem in our room, to date we still have not received the refund and the manager does not reply to e-mails. Do not go there, you might get some disease due to the poorly maintained hygiene in the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or10-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,A deal for a short stay in London,"I stayed with my family for three days with my wife and my two children. The room was small and partly in good state, but acceptable compared with London standard of the same hotel class. The staff is kind and the breakfast was quite well. I may reccommend this hotel because of its location (close to Hyde Park and Paddington Station, fine quarter) and its cost-quality ratio. ACR (Italy)",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or15-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Mouldy, dated room","Mouldy Family room on the top floor of the hotel. Decor is very dated along with the bathroom, can live with this but cannot live with large mouldy patches in bathroom with loose fixings and faulty shower controls. Old metal bed frames and dodgy window fixing with minging blind. Booked 2 nights but only stayed 1. Short asian fellow wouldnt give manager details (prob him). Do not stay unless you dont mind paying for your health.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or15-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,NEVER again!!,"Disgustingly terrible!!! Room was filthy!! Mold on curtains and walls, the walls and decor was falling apart, bed sheets were stained and had hairs from previous people, carpets are filthy! Bathroom is tiny a small child would even struggle to move about! Staff are not helpful whatsoever, reported our window was broken, nothing was done so we reported again, still nothing done! ""full English breakfast"" included, ha what English breakfast? All I had was beans a small tinned tomato and bacon. Place is a joke and I will NOT be returning, EVER! No lift, stairs are very steep. The place is utterly disgusting and should be closed down!!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or15-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Worn and neglected,Stayed for 4 nights in room 17. Location is very good - close to Paddington station. Breakfast ok and nice clean breakfast area. I know that you can’t expect much space for your money in Londen but this room was very small for 4 persons. And what I do expect is: The furnitures not to be broken. The toilet seat to be fixed to the toilet. To be able to close and lock the window. To be able to close the toilet door without force. To be able to open the  fire exit door fully for clearance and the fire exit way to be accessible and not blocked by rubbish making it close to impossible to escape through. Wifi to work all the time. In the service information paper in the room it said that ‘when staying at Springfield hotel  we would support Danish charity’. Coming from Denmark I off…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or15-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Pleasant stay,"I came away with my mum and dad so chose this hotel as triple room pics on site looked very spacious however we were down in a basement room which was very hot and not enough room to swing a cat in the room, my single bed was directly next to my mum and dads double bed which was a bit awkward, the bathroom was very small and struggled to have the room to get changed and get dryer after a shower, the wood is bathroom was all rotting away and carpet was full of stains and not clean, the window in room did not shut properly, my mum asked receptionist about this but nothing was done to fix it, on the plus side breakfast was included and was very nice, the shower was very powerful and good, tv, hairdryer, fan, tea/coffee facilities and wi-fi were all included in room, my bed seemed…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or15-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Break in london with a friend,Very good stay but the place needed a tidy up and a lick of paint. Excellent transport links right next paddington station. Many pubs and eateries tesco express near by. Lovely canal boat for a cuppa and a bite too eat.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or20-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Oh Dear,"We were disappointed but it is only a 2 star hotel. No lift up to 2, 3 or 4th floor. That was hard going. However the bed was comfortable and we were too warm, they need to apply a thinner doona or a sheet!  The shower had very little pressure and hardly any water and most disconcerting was the fact that the toilet didn’t work well. But the area was fabulous just a 5 minute walk to Paddington Station!  We could have accepted all the problems but the receptionists were very very unhelpful and uninterested in us. They did not make eye contact, apologise or try to assist in any way! ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or20-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Horrible place,"Worst hotel I ever stayed at. Dirty, thorn and smelly.  Soaking wet wall-to-wall carpet. Don't want to know what's growing under it.  The room was so small that it wasn't possible to fully open a normal sized suitcase.  Shower didn't work, only dripping water.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or20-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Stay away,"For your own sake - stay far, far away!  We chose to look at the positive reviews about this hotel when we booked the room. Had no high expectations, but this really became a dreadful surprise.  Wet wall to wall carpet, mold around the window, no proper door lock etc... We had booked a family room and the room had only a 120cm bed.  I don't belive  those who write ""amazing"" on the reviews of this hotel actually have lived here.   For your own health and safety- choose any other place to live.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or20-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Horrible,"Everything they say they have they don't. 'The breakfast was good' and the Bed was clean. that's it. The shuttle service cost more than a Taxi.  1 Towel is what you get, 1 end to wash your face & the rest to dry. No luggage storage, it goes on your bed and your Luggage is your dresser. When u go to bed it gets stack by the door, blocking your only exit. T.V. works but it's hit & miss for Channels. The telephone is a picture of a phone. It was the worst place we had ever stayed in. if we had the $$ we would of left.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or20-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Very handy for Paddington Station.,"I stayed one night when travelling from Heathrow Airport back to South Wales. Checked in late and left at 05:00 - before breakfast. The sheets were clean and the bed was comfy. I was on the top floor and the stairs are narrow. Fine for me, but mobility impaired customers might struggle. The room was a little cramped, but fine for an overnight stay. The room decor looked a bit jaded.  Overall, good value for money, for the location and under similar circumstances, I'd stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or25-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Exactly what we expected ,"Can’t understand the other reviews on here, what exactly do people expect for £63 a night in central London? After arriving in Paddington station we walked the few minutes to the hotel which is perfect for those that don’t want to drag their luggage onto the tube.  We arrived a little early but our room was ready and the lady on reception was very friendly and helpful with my questions about oyster cards. The room was exactly what we needed, it may have been small to some but all we needed was somewhere to put our heads and clean up and this provided just that. It was clean, the bed was comfy, shower worked well,the temperature in the room was easily regulated by the radiator or opening the window and it was very quiet for a city. The breakfast in the morning we were greeted by…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or25-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Exactly what you pay for.,"We paid £63  for a night here which i know is very cheap. We decided to stay on this strip as we stayed at a hotel a few doors down before in the past.  We stayed in room 3 behind the reception. Its smelt very musty. 2 of the plug sockets do not even work.. the walls have patches of plaster on them where a poor patch up job is done... the double bed is like sleepin on the actual bars and not a mattress, and it squeeks every time you move..  The bathroom, just smells of damp!  I went into one of the wardrobes and it had spare pillows ... covered in hairs.. dirty stains on them as well as a couple of ants crawling around...  Breakfast...  The cereal was fine.. as was the toast...   The cooked breakfast.. no bacon or sausage on that day..   Ok, we paid 63 pounds.. but dont offer a…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or25-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,ABSOLUTELY AWEFUL!!!!,We paid £88 for two nights HOWEVER I would still want a decent and clean room.  How this place can trade is beyond me and I would be embaressed to accept money to put people up here.  Staff were friendly BUT I WOULD NOT GO HERE EVER AGAIN!!!  The room had holes in walls. Some lights had no bulbs. The boiler was next to my room (15) on the top floor. Blinds didnt work properly. Bathroom was dirty and things broken not maintained. Shower was hazardous and poor. Bed had snapped slats. The pillow was like a sheet of paper. Finger marks all over walls.   *** POOR POOR POOR ***  I had 1 face towel (ringing wet) and left on the floor. I was left with 1 hand towel also. No maid service so towles and bedding was the same but others had thiers changed. Maybe as mine was top floor too much…,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or25-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Fab for price paid!,"This hotel was perfect for what we needed somewhere to relax after a long day around London, we were in room three which was straight down the corridor so did not experience the basement room or shared bathroom as I have previously read, £165 for three nights with breakfast included in London what a deal! Better breakfast than expected full English, baskets of toast, cereal, coffee machine can’t go wrong perfect bonus to the hotel! Special thanks to the worker at breakfast who always made sure we had enough food and drink amazing service! Don’t know what people are expecting for the price they pay in such a good location in London took us around 1 hour to walk into central London around the London eye with the walk going through all of Hyde park lovely stroll, a premier inn…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or25-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Faulty Towers,"The worst by far ive stayed at. Bare faced lied to. Got a family room with city view. Back yard at best. No heating in our room. Room 5. Was told they didnt know anything about heating. Heres an electric heater. This only had one foot. On inspecting the carpet near the plug, i could see were the one footed heater had scorched lines in the carpet so had been in room 5 before. Shower i wouldnt of put my  Bulldogs in. The soap dish snapped off of the wall leaving very sharp edges. Our double bed had lats that had broke so chip board was placed over them. The Sour faced foreign lady on reception, didnt really care. Our Son booked a single room but was given a double by mistake. He was settled so didnt move. They started tripping the electric off in his room. HE DIDNT MOVE. We came…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or30-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Never ever again,"I made the horrible mistake of assuming that as this hotel was listed with Qantas Hotels, it would be a reputable, clean and comfortable hotel.   I was wrong in so many ways.  The room we were assigned had mould on the walls, a toilet that didn't flush and whilst sold as a family room, was so cramped and uncomfortable I couldn't in good faith send anyone there.   We checked in late, and reported the toilet as non operational to the hotel in the morning.  We were told they weren't sure if it could be fixed that day, but to be fair, they say they fixed it and it did work intermittently thereafter.     We only stayed for one additional night (of 4 booked) and we moved to the Premier Inn at Kensington.   The Springfield Hotel doesn't offer  cancellations or refunds (there is a good…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or30-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Terrible. Do not stay here. ,Toilet did not flush. Mould on the walls. Holes in the walls. Fire extinguishers were used to prop open the doors - safety issue for sure! Extremely pokey bathroom. We were booked to stay for 4 nights and left after 2 - the state of the place is horrible.  I’m not a fussy traveller and am familiar with budget hotels as that’s how we choose to travel. However this place should not even be considered a budget hotel.  Do not stay here. ,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or30-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Not the best hotel but quiet and cheap enough!,"Me and my partner stayed at the Springfield hotel on the 29th November. We wanted something close to the winter wonderland hyde park which it it only a 5 min walk away and only a 2 min walk from paddington tube station. We was suppose to be driving to the hotel from Hull and we did state on our booking that we wanted parking spot however luckily i called the hotel the day before and asked if we were defiantly going to get a parking spot and they said its not certain as there is only 2 spaces and first come first serve. we was very mad in which we then chose to park outside of london at cockfosters tube car park. £11 for 2 days.   when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist was very blunt and didn't really have the time of day for us. room had a nice view and was clean, beds…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or30-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Staff repeatedly kept turning off the electricity supply in my room, and hotel breaches the Data Protection Act 1998!","Recently visited The Springfield Hotel, London. Upon booking this hotel I was aware that this was a budget establishment and had very low expectations; despite my low expectations, I was still shocked at the service, and the condition of the premises, during my stay. The hotel staff – incorrectly - checked me into a double room rather than a single room (which I had paid for.) However, none of the staff requested I changed room. Instead of asking me, the hotel staff repeatedly (especially during the night) kept turning off the fuse for the electricity to my room. I reported this MANY times to the hotel staff. Strangely, this only happened when the hotel staff knew that I was not in my room (as you must leave your room key with reception when exiting the premises) or during the…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or30-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,very poor customer service ,"after looking for a hotel with a free car park, we stumbled upon this hotel. When we turned up there was no car parking spaces and basically got told to use the nice hotel next door for their car park which resulted in a additional £20 fee, I had already got told that if I had reserved a car park space via the telephone that I would have got 1 but I did it via online when I booked. The guy on reception couldn't give a monkeys about the situation and just said I should of rang and got here earlier than my 1pm checking time, bearing in mind we got there at 12:55pm. The room itself was very poor the toilet seat was cellotaped and the shower did not work. I have stayed in alot of hotels for work in London and I can safely say this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!!!!!!!…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or35-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Very disappointing and annoyed about the lack of parking,"We have come home very disappointed with our stay here. We (partner and 3yr old) stayed in a family room.  First room offered smelt damp, this was up 4 floors so we were offered one downstairs  (as I am heavily pregnant) this was appreciated however the room was poor. Very run down, dirty in places too. Bed slats were broken and replaced by plywood on my son's bed so it was uncomfortable. Our double bed was very hard and uncomfortable too.  Upon arrival I asked for parking (as this was one of the reasons for choosing this hotel) however there were no spaces!! On the website it says parking available and no prior booking required! There are 2 spaces for the whole place!! I asked the hotel next door to park as they had spaces however this cost us an extra  £40 which out hotel…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or35-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Weekend Break with Family,"Small but clean, the bathroom was tiny but was suffice for weekend break.  Fast service at breakfast with full English and plenty of toast.  It is a budget hotel but is in good location for Paddington.  Family stayed in same hotel and apart from the size of rooms we had no issues.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or35-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great value for money!!,Reading the reviews on here I was really not looking forward to staying here but how dramatic can people be ! Yes it was out dated and not perfect but you get what you pay for! People pay nothing for a hotel in central London and are expecting the ritz? People complaining about the stairs but it says directly when booking there is no lift access ! Staff were pleasant and the room was really clean which is my main concern. If you want a cheap room for the night in a good location I recommend this hotel :) ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or35-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,No Thrills,"Booked this hotel online at a great price and then read the reviews.... family of five in a cramped room that could only fit 3 comfortably and rat traps under the bed made me feel rather concerned pre-trip....  We got what we paid for.  It certainly isn't the Ritz but as a base to lay our heads for a manic 48hrs in London it fitted the bill.... the girls loved having access to the front balcony (via the unlockable sash window with a cracked pane), there were missing light bulbs and a general feeling that the whole place needed some sort of TLC or refurbishment.....  but then we were all offered a  'full english breakfast' with endless toast, cereal, tea and coffee..... again nothing to write home about but certainly welcomed and the efforts of the staff worthy of a mention.  The…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or35-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Abysmal,"Stayed here for one night as a stop off before heading back home to sheffield. Stayed here because had children and needed a place to park, also have breakfast. Terrible room, either need to hire a cleaner or sack the current one. Found a dirty nappy underneath the bed. Room had not been hoovered, basic cleanliness not adhered to in this hotel.  Shared toilet was gross and didnt flush properly and door didnt lock. Breakfast was ok, nothing more, staff at breakfast were friendly and curteous.  Such a shame as if spruced up and looked after could be a good hotel as great location.  I wouldnt come back here.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or40-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Great location,friendly staff,good experience ","We just recently stayed at Springfield hotel in central London which is very close to paddington station.  Staff are friendly and helpful,nice breakfast, Clean and nice bedrooms. Overall a happy stay,we'll definitely go back. I would recommend this hotel to my family and friends. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or40-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great Stay Friendly staff great location,"Visiting friends in London we stayed at the Springfield Hotel and had a great time. All the staff are friendly, the breakfast was great, the room was cleaned daily and we had comfy beds. Couldn't ask for anything more. Thank you and see you guys again on our next visit :)",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or40-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Dated and worn... but very good value,"I stayed here on a business trip. Initially, I booked a single room via Expedia for £45. When I arrived Check-In was very swift and they didn't ask me for any personal details. I found I had been upgraded to a double room. Fantastic. Admittedly, the rooms are in need of maintenance... I needed a tea cup to hold the window open, the tv remote was missing a battery, the floor was uneven and a picture had fallen off the wall and had been not-so-well-hidden behind the curtains... However, I'd got a double room in central London for £45! You don't get the nice fixtures and fittings for that price. Breakfast was hot and cooked. I didn't experience any of the unpleasantries described by other reviewers. It is worth noting that there are no lifts at the hotel. But there are plenty of…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or40-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Don't stay here unless you have to!,"We stayed for 1 night for the London marathon.  We had 2 rooms.  It was a good price at £80 per night per room but even so it was terrible.  The rooms are tiny, old fashioned, tired and unclean.  The bed in one of the rooms was broken with slats keep coming out of their holder so very little sleep was had. The kettle was filthy so we didn't use it.  The bath towels are little more than hand towels.  The shower was uncontrollable if you could manage to shower the small space given.  I complained about the bed to reception in the morning and asked for a partial refund.  I was told there was no manager around he couldn't do anything and suggested I send an e mail in.  A car alarm kept going off (ok - not the hotels fault). The only good thing about this hotel was it was close to…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or40-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Value for money!,"Booked in here to join friends pre-booked from Italy. Reviews were very off-putting but for a very small price, room 1b was very clean, with bathroom [plenty of soap and shower gel], shower and toilet together. All perfectly clean and adequate. Staff were very pleasant and the English cooked breakfast was freshly made.  We had no problem with leaving our luggage for the day and collecting it later.  Previous reviewers, full of complaints, should try some of the hotels round Argyle Square which are not a patch on the Springfield!",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or45-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,One of the crummiest hotels I've stayed in,"Where do I start?  Our room was on the third floor and no lift, so avoid if you struggle with stairs. Lumpy mattress which you could feel the springs through. A previous guest had left a parting gift in the loo which stank the room out when I went for a wee. Shower was separate to the loo which is no problem, but was literally a shower cubicle in the corner of the room - step out onto the carpet by the room's door - so if you're bunking with a mate, expect no privacy. Also, the vertical bar holding the shower head was falling out of the wall, and the 'adjustable shower head was not adjustable, it just sat at the bottom of the vertical bar meaning you had to squat or take it off. Window was propped open by a scrap of metal. Drawers on units do not stay closed due to un-even…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or45-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Shocking.,We booked this hotel for 13 family members as it was difficult to get a place in central London for all of us to stay for the dates we wanted. Anyway after booking we decided to read the reviews and there was not a single positive one. We couldn't  get a refund so the only choice we had was to stay there. Upon arrival the member of staff at reception was very pleasant and polite but that was the only good thing I can say about this place. All of our rooms were gross. Dirty walls and skirting. The bed in my room was bent. The carpets were dirty. There were pest control mouse catchers under the beds. My daughters room was absolutely black with mould on the ceiling around the window. Our rooms were spread over 4 floors and the further up you went the scarier it looked and the worse…,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or45-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Filthy,"Arrived at the hotel on 27th December with a big group of my family. Our rooms were awful, the headboards were wobbly, in one of the rooms the carpets were stained with white patches around the bed area.... My brother and his wife stayed near the top floor and when I went upstairs to see them I felt as though I was walking up the stairs in a horror movie, scratches on the walls, and could hear people making disgusting noises from their rooms, the walls were so thin. In my sisters room where she had two children in also, around their window was full of black mould it was pure filth. I actually ended up staying at a hotel at Bayswater which was beautiful as I could no way stay in that place. My parents had mouse traps under their beds. And in the other room my brother had rat…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or45-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Shocking,Didn't even stay here. Booked to stay next year had an issue and the receptionist was extremely unhelpful and hung up on me more than once. Appalling customer service would not recommend here at all..,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or45-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Avoid,"Sub-standard. Lobby cluttered with large shipping boxes and ""stored"" luggage. Fanny-pinching toilet seat. Duct taped electrical outlets. Dirt-encrusted exhaust fans with missing frames. Sporadically flushing toilets. Cracked windows. Pealing paint. Slug trails on basement room carpet. Handle missing on hot water faucet. Dried on feces on outside of toilet bowl.122 pounds per night. Utility closets packed with junk, big fire hazard. Old sofa and mattress thrown out onto 3rd floor veranda. I do not recommend this hotel at all.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or50-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Awfull and way overpriced,"We payed 250£ for two nights. For that kind of money you would at least expect that your toilet seat is not broken, your bed would be made, the window is not broken, salt with the pepper at breakfast, there would be a remote control, a nice bed and a clean carpet. But none of that.  What we did get was a nice location near the tube. That is about it.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or50-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Stay away!,"Horrible night spent along side unflushed toilet, no hot water at sink, cracked toilet seat, windows covered with dirt and mold, window pane broken, dirt and rust on walls, filthy hallways. YUCK.  We bolted for another nearby hotel as soon as the sun rose. There is no reason for this place to be so disgusting. It sits in a row of numerous small boutique hotels which are perfectly fine and cost less! Be careful and stay away!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or50-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,For £55 it is not the Ritz (no mistaking that!),"Excellent location for where I wanted to be.  The staff on the front desk were friendly and helpful.  The room - gosh, where do I start.  Room 1a in the basement.  Dampness coming out of the cubby-hole 'bathroom', shower fixture in a bad shape - toilet flushed, so that was a bonus, but couldn't work out how the extractor fan operated (much less of a bonus).  The walls look like they were painted way back in the last century and holes in the wall showed where some fixtures had been previously - long since gone.  The 'wardrobe' reeked so badly I had to hang my clothes off a hanger on the curtain rail. A jumbled pottage of furniture making it look more like a stag-weekend joint - BUT the bed was comfortable, the linen was spotless and the place was quiet.  So, for a (cheap) roof…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or50-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great find,"Needed a hotel close to Hyde Park and Marylebone Station, this hotel perfectly situated in the middle. Clean everywhere, great friendly and helpful staff. Perfectly cooked breakfast. Great price and would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or50-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Awful place,"We paid £125 for one night for two people.  I want expecting much.. But what we got was worse than I could have ever expected.  Firstly, I have never had a bed that was as hard, as lumpy, as uncomfortable as this one. It truly was an awful nights sleep.  Secondly, it was as dirty as hell! The bathroom was a disgrace. Mould was growing everywhere. The sink was blocked with gunk, and the shower was spluttering water rather than being a shower.  Oh, and it's tiny!!  To be fair, the staff here are very nice.. And the breakfast is ok-ish.  But other than that... Stay away!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or55-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,A rundown dump,"I have stayed in many hotels in London and this one was not the worst,  although it was still  quite horrible. Admitedly, the staff were kind and I felt sorry for them having  to constantly try and make things right.  On the reception desk stood a strange volcanic  humidifier erupting a sweet  sickly plume of steam. I couldn’t help but wonder what smell it  was masking. We were in a double room  at the top of four steep and narrow flights of stairs. Believe you me, it was quite a job lugging two heavy suitcases up there. Once in the room, we discovered that there were no towels and half the light bulbs were not working. The Wi-Fi was sporadic and the password given in the room was wrong. The bed was uncomfortable, the noise from the street was terrible (the filthy window needed…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or55-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Decent price for London,"The main reason I chose this hotel was because its close to the Paddington tube station, however I found out after I have arrived the station will be closed until mid-aug. Nonetheless the hotel is still very accessible from Lancaster gate. I stayed in a double room, the bed was comfy. And the breakfast was decent. Nevertheless the wash basin was really grim and obviously was not cleaned properly, it was full of things that look like soaked bread. You should take note the shower and toilet are separated, so bring slippers if you don't like stepping on dirty hotel carpet once you finished showering. The shower head was rusty and grim which is very worrying, but it's endurable as I only stayed two nights. The kettle was rusty, so it's not surprising to see the tea bags look like…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or55-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,poor hotel ready for good cleaning ...,"Hotel near Paddington station and tube, close to other hotels, restaurants, pubs. In very poor condition, small rooms, not very clean, bathrooms small you can barely turn around, you have no where to hang a towel. The rooms should be well cleaned, washed windows and repair, black curtains were not washed for years. You have to ask for toilet paper from the kitchen lady, which I understand are also served breakfast in the morning and later clean rooms!!! The only good thing is close to the tube station and breakfast, coffee, juice, and English breakfast and toast. All in all a very poor do not even deserve the two stars it has.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or55-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great Location and Helpfull Staff,"First things first, this is a wonderful value hotel with an excellent location. It's within 2 minutes walk of Paddington Station and its surrounding restaurants and fast food outlets.  It is NOT a 5 star hotel, which some people that leave reviews seem to expect when paying budget prices. I was only staying overnight and had a single basement room.   The staff were great, people who actually engaged with you, rather than barely looking up from a newspaper when you speak to them as I've had in more expensive hotels.   A single bed (single room) was comfortable and spacious enough for me and I'm sure if I'd asked, I could have got an extra pillow (I've a big head and broad shoulders). Showers are sometime a problem in hotels but this one was fine with plenty of controllable hot…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or55-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Definitely come back,"There are few obvious pluses this place have. The first one is its great location. The second one - very nice and helpful reception desk. And the third one is sleeping facilities: walking a lot during the day we managed to take a really good sleep at night. I must also say, there is plenty of hot water. Good wi-if. The breakfast was another positive moment. Rooms were cleaned daily. Small size of rooms?!.. Ok, it's London, baby!;))) Don't expect it to be a five star place if you pay for three only))).",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or60-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Brilliant location,"I was a but dubious after reading the reviews of this hotel but I was pleasantly surprised, it was clean, quiet and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very good and plentiful. I would have no hesitation staying in this hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or60-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Brilliant Location and friendly staff.,"Starting with the FANTASTIC location, this hotel is close to both Paddington and Lancaster street underground stations, Paddington train station and a 5 minute walk to Hyde park. There are also some really nice pubs right around the corner and Paddington station has a wee supermarket, a boots and lots of other shops which are only a few minutes walk. I know there are many negative reviews for this hotel, however it is not claiming to be a 3-5 star hotel, it is a 2 star hotel. I think it is great value for money, for the location and to include a breakfast. I will admit the bed could have been slightly comfier and yes it wasn't pristinely clean, however the staff were really nice and you don't go into a 2 star hotel expecting the best hotel you have ever stayed in. So if you are…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or60-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Would go agaib,"Visited this hotel with my friend as we were having a night in London to look around and go to a show. I've stayed in many hotel in London and this one was a lot nicer than some of the ones I've been in. The location is amazing. It's about a 2-3 minute walk from Paddington station and really easy to find. It's also like a one minute walk from a Burger King which is really handy if you need a cheap drink or snack.  We had a nice room, it was on the floor you walk in just past reception. It was small but nice and clean. Bathroom was really small but again it was really clean. Only bad thing we found about the room was that it was really cold. When we arrived the heating was on but when we got back from the show it was off and the room was so cold & there was no way to put the…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or60-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great value hotel in convenient location ,Pleasantly surprised by this little find. Reception open 24 hours in case you arrive late. Very reasonably priced with friendly and helpful reception staff and breakfast was included (although only on until 9am on a Saturday.  Lots of information on the area in reception. ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or60-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,For one night only if you need somewhere close to Paddington,"Ok the good points Its cheap Its about a 2 minute walk from Paddington Station Nice restaurants nearby - definitely eat at Dickens Pub its lovely and friendly  free internet that worked well  The bad points No lift and we had to walk up five flights of stairs with suitcases! Broken shower door Rentokil mouse bait under bed Mould on bedroom wall Very, very, very, very noisy all night long - i can't underestimate this - the walls are verrrrryyyy thin Very limited breakfast choice - cornflakes or muslei, toast, or english breakfast. No second helpings of toast/english breakfast Dirty bed linen People smoking in their bedrooms made the whole place stink and filtered into our room Peeling paint/wallpaper Ladies cooking breakfast were going out the backdoor smoking in between cooking!…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or65-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,for one night and only if you're struggling,on a plus side - The location was good for my purpose. The staff was quite friendly (and 24 hour desk which is helpful) - they let me store my suitacse until late (though it was unsupervised)   BUT Shower head in my room was broken so with the curtain missing the water was all over the place.. Quite unpleasant. Bed is lumpy and uncomfortable. Had to climb (!) 7 flights of steep stairs with my lugguage even though I kindly asked for no top floors.. Wifi rather slow.,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or65-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Get what you pay for,"My stay at the Springfield Hotel was disappointing, even given its budget hotel status. The room was typically sized, small, for this area and price point in London, but the bathroom was below standard. There was no door or curtain on the shower stall so when showering water sprayed throughout the bathroom. I reported this to the clerk who promised to rectify it but 24 hrs later it still had not been, because no curtains were available.  Needless to say, there was black mold on the walls of the bathroom. I checked out and asked for a refund for for the nights remaining in my stay that were pre-paid but after 2 weeks have still received no reply. That said, the location is very good, near Paddington, a nice full English breakfast was offered, sufficient hot water was available…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or65-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great budget B and B,Good value for the money we paid.  The room was on top floor which was a nightmare to get to after walking round london all day ! The room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was good although as soon as you walked into the breakfast room you were expected to know what you wanted ! Even before looking at cereal :) No salt on table or milk for tea. Overall goid value fir money paid in school holidays.  Excellent area close to tube  and walking distance fir hyde park.  Probably stay another place next time in same location. ,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or65-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Worst hotel we've ever set foot in!,"This was our first visit to London with our 2 young children, we were given a room at the top floor, we were greeted by 2 eastern European cleaners that left an unbearable smell in the room which was what we could only describe as bad 'BO', on top of that there was an evident sewerage issue in the room which made my whole family feel sick to the stomach, there was mould on the walls, the kettle didn't work, the complementary milk was off and curdling, there were electrical sockets hanging off the wall, there was a dirty toilet plunger outside our room with chewing gum stuck to it, we had to cover our faces to use the toilet as the stench was unbearable, in the morning we were shocked to find the dirty cleaners cooking our sub standard breakfasts which was un edible, the…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or65-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,I would not recomended it.,"It is more a hostel than a hotel.  1) No hand towels in the bathroom provided. So, make sure you take one to use it. They do not provide them 2) We book a family room, 4 people, 2 adults + 2 children but very uncomfortabel room. Small. It is more a sigle bedroom size with one double + one bunk bed all squeeze in it just to be able to put 4 people there. No comfortable, no space for any luggage. You have to be playing TETRIS everytime you enter the room. Really bad quality. 3) The firts night there was no bath mat, so we need to shower in a really small bathroom with no bath mat. I claimed several times and we just got it the last day. The night receptionist told us it was not provided also. I had to complain 2 imes at reception desk in the morning. 4) Breakfast really basic,…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or70-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Decent stay,Yano what i work in a hotel and i walked in this one and thought by the looks of it i would be giving it a bad review HOWEVER!!!!!!! i kind of enjoyed it here. ok the property is amazing however what do you exspect from a london townhouse. The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly. Ok i could have done with a resperator after carring the bags and kids up to the top floor but the beds are comfy the WIFI worked perfectly and i had an amazing nights sleep the only thing that got me out of bed early was the breakfast due to it only been served from 7-9 of which i believe they should extending this on weekends and bank holidays till 10 or 11. that would stop the rush. bottom line is with a tiny bit of TLC and a little thought about the policys this hotel would be perfect and…,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or70-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Mouse in room,"No wifi, no working shower, no lights in bathroom, mold at bathroom no towel one day at all(not much use for it thou) cleanig lady left door open one day... Breakfast and location ok. Friendly staff. But mouse in room.... Well go figure",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or70-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Budget Hotel. Great location. Basic but nice enough. Expect to get what you pay for.,"Budget hotel. Basic and a little rough around the edges but great little inexpensive stopover when visiting London.  This certainly isn't a luxury stay but for the price you wouldn't expect that anyway.  My mother and I stayed here overnight as we were visiting London for a show. We did not need a plush hotel, just somewhere in close proximity to Paddington Station that's safe and comfortable enough to sleep in; and that is exactly what we got.   One important thing to bear in mind before booking this hotel is that it is a tall townhouse with narrow staircases. If you are disabled this would most certainly cause issues. If you have heavy bulky luggage I would advise that you request a ground or lower floor room when booking. My room was on the very top floor which was not a…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or70-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,London Break,"We booked a triple room for about £80 during the October school holidays.  A short walk off Oxford Street in lovely leafy residential area. Was greeted on reception by lovely french lady.  Was given our room keys and told up 3 flights of stairs.  Erm no make that six stair cases.  No lift so no good for the infirm.  My god when you got up those six sets of stairs you knew it.  Such hard work with three cases.  The room basic very basic.  Don't look too hard for dirt and imperfections they are all there.  The bed linen was clean.  Had a very basic small shower and loo, but all we wanted was a bed for the night.  If you want five star, pay for five star.  The road was noisy and buses ran outside all night and had to force sash window down.  But we live in Norfolk so London does…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or70-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Over graded,"This is reported as a three star, that's one too many. On the positive side its location 2 minutes from Paddington Railway station is good. On the negative side, the broken light in the bathroom was reported three times and still not fixed. Suspect it had been faulty for some time as it was connected to the non working extractor fan and as a result black mold was evident on the bathroom walls, showerhead and light pull cord. Decor was tired, some fitments missing or broken and net curtains in need of a wash. Breakfast as detailed by Martin S was poor and service like Fawlty Towers but without the laughs, rude and total unobliging. Had the feeling we were in the way.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or75-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Pleasantly surprised given the price,"I've had some bad experiences with some of the budget hotels near Paddington, but this was fine for a one-night stay with an early start from Paddington station in the morning (I left before breakfast). Check-in was easy and friendly. Room was up lots of stairs, not a problem for me, but might be tricky if carrying large bags or not good at climbing stairs. The inside of the room was fine - yes not the greatest décor etc, but it's a budget hotel and better quality than some of the others that I've stayed in nearby.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or75-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Good,"The hotel is really close to Paddington underground, when we booked we were afraid because everyone complain about this hotel. But this people have to think that this is a 2 star hotel, so you can expect the best room.  We were four, the room was a little bit small to all the bags but we manage the space.  The room had a small closet and a private bathroom, they offer tea and coffee in the room and the breakfast in the restaurant.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or75-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Very bad attention at breakfast,"The waitress (it is not english, i think romanian) very stressed  when i just had to meet four tables in the dinning room. I asked to bring me hot milk and she said that was not possible because i had a lot of work. The only possitive point is in reception with the spanish girl. Very nice and kind person. An advice? Hire waiters/waitress eager to work and speak english.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or75-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Cheap but not cheery,"- upon arrival was ushered outside to wait on the cold street !! Was told my travel companion had left the hotel when she hadn't yet arrived. No check on occupancy was offered and front door was locked behind me. - breakfast room doesn't stop serving at 9am, it actually closes at 9am. The TV is turned off and you're promptly asked to leave.  - clearly no native English speaking staff. Don't ask a difficult question. - toilet seat fell off - Bed base broken so mattress was on lean to one side - weird bathroom where shower is difficult to enter and leaks on floor. - bathroom light impossibly hard to turn on. Once on, left it on for our stay.  - over done ""decor"". Should have spent the money on white paint rather than more hideous photo prints - carpet in my companion's room was…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or75-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Exactly what I expected for the price and location,"Myself and my wife needed somewhere to stay after a late evening in London, and this B&B located just a short walk from Paddington main line station ticked all of the essential boxes. The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, the place was secure and the price was what you would expect for a double/triple room in this area. The room itself was pretty basic and décor was a little dated and in some need of touching-up and modernising, but other than that it was comfortable and the warm. The WIFI didn't work, but the TV was OK and the shower was warm and clean.  Overall I wouldn't worry about using this hotel again for similar purposes.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or80-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Dire,"A microscopic room at the top of four very long flights of stairs (no lift). No curtain, just a kitchen roller blind. Lavatory seat in dire need of replacement, bin not emptied from previous occupant, plastic bag stuffed down the back of the miniscule radiator, wall electrical socket hanging off.   This is easily the worst hotel room I've ever stayed in. It barely made it out of being described as a cupboard containing a bed, shower and lavatory. On the positive front it's quiet right up the top where I was, there's a good cooked breakfast and they looked after my bag until the evening after I'd checked out.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or80-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Fine for a cheap overnight stay,"This hotel is fine if you want a basic, cheap place to rest your head. Myself and my 3 teens stayed here in Oct half term whilst visiting some London attractions. We stayed in a family room (17), and found it to be perfectly adequate.The room was clean and the beds were comfy. Our only complaint is that there was an awful smell in the bathroom, drains maybe ? This room is up 7 flights of stairs, which was ok for us but should probably be made clearer for less able people.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or80-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Interesting, not without flaws not for everyone!","Excellent location five minutes from Paddington Train and Tube Station with lots of restaurants, pubs and bars nearby. As it appears with every Georgian terrace in this area, it has been converted into hotel accommodation!  Reception helpful and friendly, allowed me to check in early, other people allowed to leave their luggage pre or post checkout  The room was shabby, dated and scruffy, TV would nt work on BBC1 or 2 and the free WiFi did not work on the basement level however was in the breakfast room!  Free breakfast comprised cereal, toast and full English - considering the hotel was £50 for a single room/ night thats pretty good!  I would stay here again on my own or with mates visiting the football/ mates weekend however would not stay here with my wife.  Cheap, excellent…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or80-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,What you would expect from a cheap B&B,"Because of the Rugby this weekend, hotels in London were double the normal price, and this was the only !hotel"" we could get for under £400 for three nights.  Location is very good  - an east walk from either paddington or lancaster gate tube.  The staff are friendly and helpful and the hotel is about as clean as the dilapidated state will allow.  This place needs a refresh. The rooms are small, but well equipped with decent TV, Desk, wardrobes, good lighting, Tea and Coffee, a window that opens and lots of plug sockets near the bed for charging your tech.  The bed linen and towels are basic and clean. Our en-suite shower room sadly was damp, had mould all over the ceiling and various bits of equipment like soap dish holders were missing or falling off.    The bed was knackered…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or80-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Visit with family,"Pros:  The location near hyde park is great and padding ton station just behind.   Cons:  Family room is in 4th floor and we have a toddler and 2 kids, can you imagine!!  Bathroom is not clear  not all working staff are nice, once we found all hotel doors closed and we had to wait to find that the guy is buying food and coffee so he closed all.   Some facilities in the room were broken.   When another room opens the shower water it makes a lot of noise in our room, at least that's my guessing as it is the same sound i have one i open mine.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or85-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Wish I had never booked!,"On arrival the outside and reception look fairly standard, receptionist was helpful and explained our room was on the top floor. After six flights of stairs I was very thankful we only had backpacks and nothing larger! The room was small, as expected but I was not really until we tried to shower that I started to notice things, the shower held together by duct tape, which proceeded not to work and I was sadly grateful as I do not think I would of got any cleaner! The room was very tired, I doubt the carpet has seen a hoover in years. The bed was not comfortable but the room was fairly quiet. I look out of the window in the morning to find a large amount of rubbish just outside and all sorts of cabling! A hole in the ""bathroom"" door, the wifi did not work at all, a huge number of…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or85-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,In need of an upgrade ,"We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Our allocated room, 16 was on the top of the hotel up 7 flights of stairs, with no lift available. The room was small, on checking the shower, it wasn't working. I informed the reception staff, they couldn't move us until the following day until other guests had checked out.  True to their word the following morning we where allocated room 1b which was down 1 flight of stairs, a great improvement to climbing 7 flights! The room was again small, nowhere to store luggage,but the shower was working to full capacity! Breakfast was good, they accommodated 2 fussy teenagers with their requests for breakfast. Not a problem. The bed linen and towels where clean, though the beds a little uncomfortable. This hotel is is desperate need of an upgrade,…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or85-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,So many reasons to avoid.,"Checked in at 10pm. Climbed the 6 flights of stairs to find non of the lights in the room worked. Of course theres no phone in the room to call reception, so I walked back downstairs to inform them. The girl informed me she didn't know how to change a lightbulb, gave me a selection of various lights and told me to have a go myself! Upon, making some of the lights work a very dirty room was revealed. Stained carpets, bed not made properly and an assortment of flys.  The bed was ridiculously uncomfortable and less than 1ft off the floor.  The room being on the top floor was stuffy, but the window open did absolutely nothing to aid temperature control. They only thing they did was let more flies in.  The WiFi didnt work.  They were uncompromising on the 10am checkout time (which I…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or85-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Incorrect procedure,"I booked a room, but unfortunately changed the date of our trip , so I had to cancel my reservation. But £ 110 was debited my account , and will be locked for 1 month...  I'm not happy , because I need this money . So be carefull, if you book a room in this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or85-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Not for the faint-hearted!,"Another ghastly hotel stay - London seems to be full of them!  I have renamed the Springfield Hotel, 'Hotel Transylvania'.    WiFi very poor, the shower produced enough water to fill an egg cup, sadly, after a hard day's work, taking a simple shower turned into a bloody nightmare!   Mouldy curtains, filthy windows and a bed that would bring tears to your eyes. £90 per night, I would say asking £30.00 would be a bloody cheek.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or90-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Wouldn't stay again! horrible room but good ish breakfast,Room was shabby and needed updating. room was tiny and not worth the money. Windowsill was broken so let excessive noice and cold air into the room as window could not be shut. Tv did not work as the signal kept dropping out and then the sound went and hardly any channels were available. When i went down to ask what could be done they were very unhelpful and just told me to email the manager. Breakfast was actually nice which is why i gave this hotel a 'poor' rather than terrible. The rooms facilities were also terrible. We wanted a nice relaxing night away in london and the whole experience was not relaxing at all! the only plus for this hotel is the breakfast was ok and the location was good,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or90-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Shocking,"To start the room is very over priced for what youre getting, 7 of us stayed in 3 different rooms. One room had very poor tv signal, another the mattress very uncomfortable with metal plate in the middle and sinking to one side. My grandparents at the age of 61 and 70 asked for extra pillows as only one pillow each and the hotel refused to supply as they are 'fully booked', very poor there wasnt any spares. The breakfast was cold, there was a very small range of toast, 2 types of cereal and a cooked breakfast which was not to any great standard at all. Finally a very disturbing nights sleep from a very loud commotion which was barely resolved by hotel staff and disturbed many visitors who even got involved to stop what was happening! This lasted for over an hour and if you was…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or90-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Faded,"typical Paddington hotel, close to the station. You just about get what you pay for in the area. For a stopover it was clean and warm. The chap on the desk was friendly there are better in the price bracket.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or90-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,disgusting!,"The only good thing is the location near Paddington. ROOM HORRIBLE! Very dirty carpet dirty full of hair and dirt, the shower is really disgusting, very poor water flow.  The toilet seat was dirty and broken. Could not open the window as there was nothing to bloke it. Staff in breakfast not nice at all. Breakfast was average. Wifi don't work properly...etc Building of 4 floors or 5 and there is no lift! I was so disgusted to stay in this hotel, avoid this hotel or you will ruin your stay!",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or90-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Shoddy Hotel,"Extremely small rooms with very limited amenities and shabby furniture. Bathroom could not have been smaller. It is very close to Paddington, but I cannot imagine staying more that one night at this hovel. They do provide free breakfast and the cost is very reasonable.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or95-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Nope,"This hotel is extremely noisy. As I stepped into the shower my only thought was ""I hope not to get ebola in here"". Waiters are unpolite and can't do their job. There were two with six tables and I saw with my eyes guests clearing their own table because they were too busy to come out of the kitchen. Breakfast room is so small it can't welcome many people at the same time; a man had to wait until someone finished before being able to sit. When my friends and I had to check out the reception guy wasn't there (it was like 9.30 am); we waited for him but he never came, the reception door was closed and he didn't even left a sign so we had to leave our key on the reception door. Highly not recommended.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or95-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Excellent budget hotel,"Stayed one night booked at the last minute. Helpful reception. Room clean, comfortable and good selection of tea/coffee in room, good free breakfast included, no complaints at all. Great location for paddington station and the west end. ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or95-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Excellent breakfast. Basic hotel in great location,Breakfast was fantastic. Hotel room was small and basic but comfy. Hotel is in a fantastic location just 200yards from Paddington tube station...great value £65 a night for centre of London with breakfast...perhaps not if you want to stay in the room a long time but it's London go and explore! a good base for site seeing. Would stop here again for the price.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or95-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Good situation, poor services","This hotel is situated near to paddington station. It's a good point for take the underground. The hotel comodation and service is very basic, only for one or two nights. The breakfast service is very bad, few food and poor quality, not recomendable",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or95-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Value for money,"Stopped on Saturday night in rooms 2 and 10 (two couples). What do you expect for £65 a night per room , breakfast included. Close to Paddington tube and train station. 4/5 stops from central London. Not massive rooms but what do you want for a night. Only complaint no wash basin plug but that's not the end of the world. Descent cooked breakfast. If coming round here again will stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or100-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Small b&b,"This is a B&B not a hotel my single room was on the roof 70 steps up. Very small nice to almost bigger than the room. Shower dirty no curtain and no bulb in mirror light, mirror old needing replaced. When sat on the toilet the toilet roll is jammed by toilet lid so have to get up to get paper. Bed was comfy and clean breakfast good",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or100-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Close to Paddington Station but that's as good as it gets!,"Beware Rm 18! Hardly enough room to swing a cat. Shower doesn't work as it's covered in calc. Disgrace! Moved to Rm 17. Shower head immobile, had to hold in place to shower! Room bigger and better though. ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or100-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,BAD BAD BAD,"DO NOT go there. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Bad reception, bad rooms, bad owner. Go their if you want to spoil your stay.Oh, and the internet never works. Pay a few more $ and avoid this place.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or100-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,STAY AWAY,"Words cannot describe how decrepit this ""hotel"" is.  Dirty, dust everywhere. Sash window is broken. Window pane smashed. Toilet doesn't flush, have to keep pumping the lever Pathetic water pressure in the shower. Horrible beds, no joke! It's like sleeping on a hollow mattress filled with springs and no padding. No lift, had to climb 4 flights of stairs up a very narrow staircase carrying all our luggage with no assistance offered. Was locked out twice during our stay and had to bang at the door because reception was empty, so much so that the receptionist was next door, not attending her post. Walls are paper thin, you can hear everyone's conversations, even their bathroom behavior.  Yes, the rates you pay here are low considering the location, but you still pay and for that…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or100-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Very good value for money,"We booked a twin room for 6 days. Our room was just the right size for two people and it was clean during our stay. Fantastic english breakfast included! They have 24 hour reception desk and the staff was very helpfull and polite. And fantastic location! Very handy to Paddington and lot of restaurants around.  Excellent stay, highly recommended it!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or105-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Excellent Value for Money!!Upmarket location.,"I can't understand some of the reviews that have been written about this fantastic hotel!  I stayed here for a short break when travelling from Scotland. I was made to feel very welcome on arrival and everything was explained to me and I was given free maps. My room was very spacious and very clean with white clean sheets on the bed and spotless clean towels left out for my use. Tea making facilities were available and a hair dryer. Unlike a previous reviewer, I had all the channels on my flat screen TV. The room decor was lovely and modern and with an ensuite shower room I could not complain.  Oh and there were also complementary soaps and shower gels left out, a lovely touch. I had a very peaceful night's sleep in the big comfy double bed. Breakfast was very tasty and…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or105-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Not a good start with the rude receptionist !,"On arrival at this Hotel after a 3 hour journey with a 3yrs old we went to check in, walking in to the hotel I thought it had a restaurant, we could smell food, arrive at reception, only to be greeted by a man eating kebab & chips and then TOLD to wait while he finishes eating it at the desk before he can check my family in!!! If you on your lunch break move away from reception....not a good start!  The room was very small for a triple room,there was no room for our pushchair which had to be left unattended in reception.. The en-suit was like a shower and toilet built into a cupboard....the shower leaked scolding hot water from the dial...the cold water from the hand basin was also running warm slightly hot as I found out making my child a drink!!!  The kettle unit was broken…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or105-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,poor standards in this hotel,"On arrival the receptionist was very helpful,as we climbed numerous stairs with our suitcases (no lift)the room was Very small, bathroom was small shower rail was broken and stuck together with tape!t.v not working!very disappointed, breakfast and service was poor,when complained nothing was said,not a good place to stay!",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or105-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Decent Location, but that's about it..","We booked what we thought was a room for 4. When we checked in, we were given the keys to what they referred to as the 'suite'. Sounded great. We walked the 3 flights of possibly the narrowest stairs I've ever encountered (because there was no elevator), but when we opened the door all we could do was laugh. The room was tiny. There were two single bunk beds, and 1 double bed. This was not a suite. Maybe they meant ensuite. The bathroom was cramped and the shower dirty. The heat in the room in the evening was unbearable. No air conditioning so all we could do was open a window. Thankfully we were on the top floor so there was no real concern. This place is in a decent location, but that's about as good as it gets I'm afraid.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or105-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Dirty!,So so dirty! Rubbish on the floor and in the shower from previous client. We mentioned about our concerns. The sink was blocked. The manager hasn't even contacted us to apologise. The price is really expensive for the poor standing of the room.       ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or110-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Terrible experience.,Stayed for 1 night whilst we attended Proms in the Park. Looked fine from the outside but things went downhill once we entered. Receptionist was very pleasant and she checked us in ok but thought we had booked 2 rooms instead of 1. I realise now that we probably paid over the odds as I had booked through booking.com and cheaper prices were available by booking through other means. Room was on the 3rd floor and there were no lifts so had to carry luggage up narrow staircase. En suite was tiny. Shower head kept sliding down pole. Sheets were dirty. Door handle came off when closing door from inside. Toilet seat was chipped and to cap it all hair dryer in room had length of wire with no plug attached. Tried to contact manager a week ago now to get some feedback and haven't had…,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or110-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,horrendous avoid this place,"we stayed at this hotel/hell hole for one night,having to clean the bathroom myself before my son could use it and after having to wait for the water to drain away( in the smallest and dirtyest bathroom i have ever seen) after my son had a shower before myself and my partner could use it we then retired to bed which had broken springs and was very uncomfortable, we were in room 1b which was located downstairs next to the dining room for breakfast suddenly as i was just getting comfortable the bed began to vibrate slightly and a tube train passed directly underneath us which not only terrified me but the rest of my family, in the morning we were awoken by the squeeking of the breakfast room door continiously opening and closing alongside people walking about outside and up and…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or110-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Worst hotel ive ever stayed in,Myself and partner stayed here on 4th oct till 5th oct for my bday night out in london my partner had no sleep due to mattress being buggerd the toilet cant swing a cat in there breakfast was cold n mainely out of tins so go left worst ive ever had and to put top hat on things left my house keys there rang them sunday 5times monday and 2 times on tues still not posted keys still waiting for the manager to give the go head to post back to myself i wouldnt mind but i have said i would pay for them very disgusted in way we have been treated over all this never ever again will myself or partner be staying here again Elaine johnson liverpool,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or110-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Guest House not Hotel,"Booked a double room and was given a twin bedded room - ended up moving furniture around to push beds together - luckily we were there only one night. Room was clean but bathroom was no bigger than a cupboard and the shower screen was broken and the shower head was the size of a 10p piece! Breakfast was 7am-9am so my much anticipated lie in was non-existent however i really shouldnt have bothered. Breakfast was greasy egg, watery tinned mushrooms and hard bacon (i later saw staff using their hands to put out the breakfast - yum!) Toast was cold and i wasnt brave enough to try the coffee. On the plus side the staff responded to my email communication and reserved me parking out the front of the hotel which was the only reason this got a positive rating. Overall this hotel suited…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or110-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Got what we paid for,"Cheap and very cheerful. Fantastic location only short walk to Paddinton station. On this short walk to station you have a few bars and restaurants plus a convenience store and gift shop.   Hotel was tidy and clean. I'm the process of being updates (beds being replaced, pictures hung in bedrooms, bedroom furniture upgraded).   Lovely full English breakfast with tea/coffee and juice served in a lovely little room downstairs, BBC news on the tv and very friendly service.   Only negative was shower unit is very small but useable. Small negative considering price and location.   Highly recommend and will use again.  ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or115-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Excellent,"An excellent hotel, in a great location for the price. Yes the bathroom is a little small. But the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and has everything you could need. In a wonderful location just a short walk from the Paddington Station and some excellent bars and restaurants with a few connivence stores on just a 1min walk away. Breakfast was very nice also.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or115-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Location is the only plus point,"Me and my friends stayed there for three nights over the last weekend in August. We stayed in a triple room. Very very tiny room barely and space to leave luggage or move. Poor toilet and shower facilities. Breakfast was fairly poor and the only options are full English breakfast or cereals and toast.  Most of the staff is friendly but not really interested in what's going on - that's at least how it seemed to me.  Cheap stay, cheap hotel",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or115-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,great location but thats the only plus point,"Situated 5 mins from paddington station but thats all it has going for it as its very dirty rooms are tiny,bathroom even tinier ,and is very noisy as the windows are rotten and cracked as maintenance does not seem to be part of their daily routine. The breakfast is also the worst cooked breakfast i have ever had cant believe you can make such a mess of 1 tiny sausage 1 small piece of bacon and i well done fried egg so brown it looked like it had been crimated though the 3 mushrooms were ok",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or115-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Get what you pay for, considering its London","me and the wife were only in London for one night, so at 60 for a night this was a bargain. The hotel was in a nice area of London, but we soon found out why it was 60 a night.   We were pleasantly greeted upon arrival and asked if there was parking nearby, which the receptionist was unsure of. We ended up paying £15 to leave the car outside the hotel behind the bollard - which later turned out to be a mistake.  The room was small as was the bathroom, but for one night it wasn't really an issue. Though the deco could do with redoing. We stayed in room 2 which had a badly painted ceiling. Also in the morning we were woken by people constantly talking outside our room, as it was near the staircase to the breakfast area and also the reception... A bit annoying. Due to the single…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or115-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Not what I expected,"This was my first trip to London and I will start of with the positives of this property.  The location is great not much more than a quarter of a mile from Paddington Station, although it was a little hard to find and is in a row of very similar hotels.  There are several pubs and restaurants in the area.  I found the bed to be reasonably comfortable.  I really enjoyed the open window and this did not distract from my sleep in a major way.  The weather was perfect for open window sleeping.  The room was quite small and the bathroom was smaller than a cruise ship bathroom.  The lobby staff was friendly and recognized us quickly to let us in and out the door.  The room keys did not fit the front door and you had to be buzzed in each time.  The breakfast was OK with traditional…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or120-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Seedy, cheap, poor service","Small dirty ""hotel"" in Paddington. Cheap rooms, stuffy, no a/c in summer. They didn't tidy my room for the two days I was there. Breakfast is basic, poorly made. Wifi is slow and doesn't work in some areas. Staff are unhelpful and rigid with poor command of the English language. Well located in Sussex gardens a short walk to paddington station from which one can explore London. The hotel is  more like a motel and could do with a major investment and refurbishment. Spend a little bit more and stay at one of the numerous other hotels on the same street",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or120-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,No lift,"I booked a room here because I thought it was a cheap hotel, and it was. It looks old, the bathroom had a terrible smell and the carpets were old. The breakfast was ok but I could have a better hotel for the 130 pounds I paid for this, although the location is great.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or120-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Not Good at All,"There was 4 of us that stayed in one room for one night. We were put on the 5th floor. There is no lift so it was horrible trying to lug 4 large cases up narrow stairs. The room itself was tiny. There was 4 beds jammed in a square around the room. After putting our luggage down there was no room to move. Being on the 5th floor it was quite hot. Keeping the window open helped but being on a major road the traffic noise was horrible all night long. Needless to say we didn't sleep much. Upon showering the next morning we discovered there was only half a shower door (see pic), therefore we nearly flooded the place out. The breakfast was not too bad and the staff were quite nice and helpful. The location is good, not far from Paddington Station I doubt I'll be back.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or120-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Small, Loud, Hot, and Broken - 5 floors - no LIFT!!!!","We stayed here for 1 night - 4 adults.  The room was so small we could hardly fit our bags in the room.  We were stepping on each other which was awkward.  It was extremely hot in there, however keeping the windows open was unbearable due to the traffic noise.  They don't use fitted sheets, there is just a sheet over the mattress so if you roll over, the sheet comes with you - gross considering that leaves you on the mattress itself.  The bathroom was so bad, I didn't even attempt a shower in the morning.  One shower door was missing, so water went all over the floor.  The average person couldn't even turn around in that bathroom let alone try to get ready.    I think we slept a matter of a few hours as the noise outside was unbearable - people shouting, and revving engines.  My…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or120-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Average at best,"The only plus point is that the hotel is very near paddington station, easy access within central London and many eateries and convenient shops near by.   The hotel is old and dated but is clean and well maintained. Staffs are friendly and helpful. We stayed here for three nights. The triple room located right behind the reception counter is really tiny, so is the shower room. We were lucky to have a room at ground floor as there is no lift and the stairs is tiny and steep. The bed is not comfy at all, something that you need most after a tiring trip.  The breakfast is simple and nice. Just enuff and sufficient to get us going. Be minded that the breakfast will not be served if yoy are little late - strictly before 9am.   But for the location and comperatively cheaper price,…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or125-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,never again,"friendly helpful staff is the only nice thing i can say about this hotel stayed in a twin room very small not very clean and needed complete updating, shower really bad no hairdryer, cups stained yuk .       ",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or125-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,not a bad hotel,"the staff were very helpful the room was small the shower was hard to get working i had to get my husband to turn the controls the celiing above needed a go over as was flaking off  water from the shower came out all over the place as head was held together with tape so floor got covered,the breakfast was not to good all i could eat was the cereal and toast the rest of it well if that was an english breakfast. the coffee was like mud and when you put milk in it was stone cold. the room was very hot at night the tv reception was not good. the bed was clean quite comfortable. the girls staying in the room next to us were slaming doors and not quiet so didnt sleep to good. we were in room 7.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or125-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Double Booked,"I would love to review this hotel but despite phoning at midday on the evening of our arrival, to confirm the car parking (which was important to me and influenced my choice of hotel), on arrival, we were told we had been moved over the road to the Arlbro House. We now had no parking, were on the 3rd floor, no lifts, in a tiny miserable twin room (booked double,  it was a Birthday treat), decor, circa 1950. Although everything about the room was depressing, the owner kindly gave up his own parking space, was very helpful and did us a good breakfast. Pretty miserable experience though, as I explained when I was summoned over to Springfield Hotel in the morning to discuss the price discrepancies! Won't be using this site again or this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or125-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,worse hotel i have ever stayed in,"when we arrived we were told we were to early to check in as the room was bring cleaned,when we eventually did check in the room was appalling,dust on every surface,grime in the shower and toilet,the toilet seat itself was chipped and had a green stain on it,there was slimy grime on the pipes and in the shower cubicle.on arrival the heavy sash window was held up by one sliding bolt,when i tried to release the bolt it was very stiff and when i did manage to udo it the window came down with such force i had to jump back to prevent breaking my arm.later when my partner went to use the hairdryer provided it didnt work,on closer inspection we found the plug was open with wires exposed very dangerous,there was also no lift facilities no good if you are disabled and on the top floor,we…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or125-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,A great hotel...Not what we expected!,"My father booked this hotel for us by calling them direct so when my sister and I looked online we were a little disappointed with the reviews.   At check in we were greeted by a friendly receptionist, the rooms were clean and spacious. The toilets may be a little small but they are sufficient. The breakfast was good as was the free tea and coffee in our rooms. In fact the whole stay was very enjoyable with all the staff being very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay again and we have already recommended this hotel to our friends who will be going to London in March.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or130-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Pleasant stay ruined by other guests,"I booked the Springfield as a last minute place to just put my head down after work drinks.  I didn't bother with TA reviews as for £30 in Central London I was expecting a hell-hole  On arrival I was pleasantly surprised, very friendly receptionist upgraded my room to a double as they were quiet which was a welcome gesture.  Check-in took a while as I had only booked within the hour.  I was in room 14, a very average double room with plenty of room, shower cubicle and a toilet.  On opening the door there was a distinct smell of farts, the window was wide open and the toilet was full of bleach.  I hope this wasn't from the breakfast!  The smell soon went though so I didn't report this to reception.  When I returned from my work drinks I went back to the room and passed out as…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or130-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,nice,"ideal location, nice hotel, friendly staff, nice breakfast and would recommend for hyde park and surrounding areas. will probably stay again next time we travel to london. taxi rank nearby and a very popular area",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or130-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,BED BUGS ALERT BED BUGS ALERT,"Its nearly impossible to know where to start with this hotel?? I stayed there on the 20th of November 2013. Unfortunately this was one of the only hotels left in the area and i was fooled by the exterior. The room was shocking to begin with. There was a horrible damp smell in the room. On entry to the bathroom i was greeted with a filthy shower. There was still pubic hairs all over the bottom of the shower. The toilet itself still had urine stains on the seat. The used bar of soap from the previous guest was still left for me to use. The radiator in the room was also faulty. I had to use the electric radiator to keep the room warm. The dirt on the walls and behind the coffee table was unreal. There are single pain windows, so if you plan on sleeping, wear earphones and a jacket…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or130-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Springfield Hotel,Nice enough but started with being charged more than my conformation email said.  Room small and window drafty. Had to ask  for more tea/coffee and never got extra  pillow I requested. Breakfast served fast but  slightly cold. But you get what you pay for.        ,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or130-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,A little work and could be so much better,"First the +points 1) Got to park outside hotel charge of £15 which I thought was ok 2)The shower in our room 1b was very good 3)There was a fan in the room if it was too hot and the heating worked well  4)Room was a double room with a single squeezed in  5)Nice tv The bad points  1)Needs some T.L.C 2)Room 1b is right next door to where they serve breakfast so if your a late riser you will be disturbed 3)Rooms even though small are still not as clean as they could be  4)The bed in 1b is the most uncomfortable my wife and I have ever slept in and we have slept in some very cheap hotels 5) This was something alot more serious the mattress in room 1b had a broken spring that stuck out from the side of the mattress,it was needle Sharp and had been covered up when the bed had been…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or135-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Exceeded my expectations :-),"After reading all the reviews on this hotel, I was dreading our stay. I was travelling with 2 other people and had booked a triple room. Upon arrival we was greeted by the friendly receptionist who upgraded us to a family room (4 pax) The room was a good size and airy with 2 single beds and one double bed. The rooms were cleaned EVERY day with clean towels every day. The shower room, yes it was small but it had a toilet, was basin and a mould free shower!. The room came with tea/coffee making  facilities which was replenished EVERY day. The TV never broke signal (but we did not go to London to watch TV) The carpets were ALL NEW. The day we arrived the carpet fitters were finishing the reception area. The breakfast room was quite pleasant, TV showing BBC breakfast, the portion…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or135-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,An unpleasant experience,"Let's start with the good thing -  1. Good location - near to London st. and Paddington station 2. The bed was pretty much clean, but very small 3. TV worked that's is actully.  The room was soo small, and even before i'll start talking about the shower. very dirty carpet and walls , the bathroom was such shame, i really suffered while showering becuase the water just out of all the impossible holes, it was soo small thats brings claustrophobia and u feel like in airplane bathroom. the breakfast was fair.  Bottom line , don't recommend this hotel , and i'll never come back.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or135-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Worst B&B in London- DO NOT STAY!,"I was booked to stay this B&B from 13 to 17th September 2013. Upon arrival, the receptionist seemed fairly pleasant and but the place was completely run down. As a B&B I did not expect for the place to be of 5 star quality however the place did advertise certain amenities such as free Wi-Fi, a phone in every room and so on. My family had booked a triple, so we climbed the 3-4 flights of stairs and finally got to the room. I noticed some bath mats on the bed ( ones you use to wipe your feet) on the bed but I did not take much notice. Since it was late, we decided to go out for some food, before we went out, we decided to freshen up and noticed that in fact there were no towels at all- only the bath mats! So we tried calling the reception and of course the phone was not working…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or135-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,At least it was cheap,"Wifi didn't work, toilet wouldn't flush and the carpets smells like they need a good cleaning. Beds were clean, so that's something. Breakfast was excellent with a smiling server who really saved the whole stay for me. Would not stay here again though.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or135-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!! AWFUL!!!,"You cannot call this a hotel you would be better off sleeping rough for the night! looks ok from outside but dont be fooled..... very very very dated and smells damp. Carpets need a good clean... so do the walls. windows broken, loads of stairs if not on ground floor. Rooms are tiny, stains on carpet, mouldy,  shower in middle of room and needed a good clean- didnt even want to shower in it.,wash basin coming of wall, toilet so small you couldnt swing a cat and chunks of poo still on toilet brush, yuck!!! Hairdryer had smoke coming out of it when tried to use it, TV keep losing signal. Hallways are like dumping grounds for old beds and furniture.Breakfast..... well what a joke, make sure you have breakfast at 7am other wise you will get cardboard toast that has been sitting…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or140-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Excellent, bargain. Very nice stay","I booked this hotel through Late Rooms for my daughter's modelling shoot at Blue Rooms. We also wanted a little weekend break before I was due to have our 2nd second. The hotel had a discount to our surprise of 50% through Late Rooms so we grabbed the bargain. It was in a gorgeous location, easy to walk to other amenities, restaurants, shops, trams, trains. The hotel receptionist greeted up and allowed us to pay for our room before guiding us to our ground floor room as I had a buggy and was pregnant. The room itself was cosy, had satellite TV, plenty of tea and coffee making facilities, a vending machine in the reception. It was quiet although the room was a little too warm. The breakfast in the morning was fantastic. The kept offering more toast and drinks. You could have…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or140-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Worst hotel in the WORLD,"I had booked this hotel, I use the word ""hotel""  instead of sewer, early in February.  When I arrived, with my confirmation email in my hand, I was informed there was no room for me.  The guy who was supposedly the receptionist couldn't have cared less.  He told me all the hotels were booked out because it was Wimbledon, mind you he had taken a deposit from me, then he just went home and left the mess for the next girl to sort out.  She wasn't interested either.  I eventually shared a room with my sister and her husband, well that was another bad experience, the floor sloped, I was afraid I was going to fall out of bed, the shower was held together with duct tape and was filthy, the hair dryer didn't work, there was no room for my luggage, which had to stay in the lobby, and…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or140-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,The worst Hotel In London,"I had the misfortune to book the Springfield Hotel for one night.  What a terrible place.  I actually rang last year to find out if they charged a deposit and was assured they didn't.  Wrong I was charged on my credit card immediately and had to pay the international fee.  I asked for a room on the ground floor as we were travelling with luggage and was told that as I was booking so early that this could be arranged.  Wrong.  We were given a triple room on the 5th floor.  No elevator.  My sister was travelling with us and had booked, had it confirmed and had her deposit taken from her credit card,  No booking.  The guy that I spoke to last year, was just going off duty and didnt care.  The girl who took his place could barely speak english.  My sister had to share our room.  It…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or140-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Probably the worst hotel in the world,This has to be the worst hotel in the world.Mine was room 15 up 7 flights of stairs there is no lift.The carpet in my room was fit for the tip. The shower was woeful.You would be better sleeping rough.       ,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or140-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Avoid at all costs!!!!,"A great location but that is all. Paid for a double room £110 for the night. The room was tiny and so was the bathroom. Just managed to squeeze into the shower! It didn't look like the room had been cleaned before we arrived. The TV remote and the plug in air conditioning didn't work. The breakfast was the worst I've ever had. One teabag in a large pot of tea and u can the guess the colour of the tea. We were given cold toast and the full English breakfast was disgusting, cheap products used. I ate the egg (well over cooked) and beans and left the rest and had a bowl of cereal. On a positive note, the lady on reception was very polite and helpful unlike the people serving breakfast. ",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or145-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Awful Hotel,"This is probably one of the worst hotels ive ever stayed in, looks very nice from the outside but that's where it ends, I certainly would not book here by choice but mine was an emergency stay with everywhere else fully booked !!!. Man behind the reception counter when I checked in was ok and pleasant enough. Fortunately my room was on the ground floor ( No lift only stairs to reach the other floors)  but right next door to reception so heard all the conversations and comings and goings !!!!! , The room itself was large and spacious but the furniture was very dated , carpet didn't look like it had seen a hoover in a long time ( I kept my socks on and threw them away next morning ) Lights had bulbs in them but half didn't work and  my window was propped open with a lovely shade…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or145-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Excellent Location,Great value for money. If you are looking for a short stay in London then this hotel is perfect. The staff are feiendly and helpful.The only down side was the size of the room. With no lift the stairs could be a bit tight with heavy luggage.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or145-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Small but well located,"This hotel is very well located between Hyde Park and Paddington station. It is a 5 minute walk from the station and a 5 minute walk to Hyde Park. It has Arabic restaurants on one side, Indian restaurants on another, Subway for the diet conscious. There are supermarkets closeby. In terms of the hotel, the staff is very friendly, though the ones at breakfast could take a few lessons on courtesy. The breakfast provided is an English breakfast and only an English breakfast. Please do not bother asking even for your breads to be well toasted. The rooms are really small, including the bathrooms. This hotel is good value for money if your priority is location versus convenience.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or145-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Good value for money,Overall excellent value for money - the position of this hotel to Paddington Station is second to none.  Only improvement would be decent pillows or at least extra pillows available on request. Also a bath mat would be nice.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or145-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Very small rooms but friendly service,"The hotel is very well situated very near Hyde Park and the Paddington station. Nice pubs in the surrounding. The only down point is the size of the room. I was alone in a triple room that had hardly the size of a double. The Bathroom was also very small. On the other hand, this is London...",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or150-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Small hotel with small but cosy rooms,"Small rooms, small bathroom. Not well cleaned but ok. Stayed with my son who liked the place. Don´t book if you can´t climb stairs. Nice staff, breakfast wasn´t too good. Tea heater didn´t work if you didn´t hold it. Ok hotel for the money.       ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or150-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,OK (with the 50% discount),"The hotel was clean, the lady at the reception was helpful, but he interior looked as if we had been send 50 years back in time. I suppose that it is only in posh London that they can get away with these overpriced & worn down hotels (3 star hotels in London equal 1 star hotels in Scandinavia and Northern Europe)",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or150-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Too expensive, not worth the money","For the amount of money the hotel charges the rooms are far too small, cleanliness is below standard and the food (breakfast) is NOT GOOD. If the hotel were to charge so much the least to expect is good value breakfast and good size rooms. Looks like there is too much costs cutting.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or150-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,awful bathroom,"shower with terrible faucet (in plastic).  Toilet with very little sink, no place for daily toilet.  We had to pay in advance at arrival, which is very uncommon.  For paying with Mastercard, there was a fee of 4% -also quite uncommon.       ",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or150-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,wrong hotel,"No wi-fi, room is very small and uncomfortable, no elevator, cleanliness on a very low level radioeco@i/com.ua",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or155-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Where's the toilet paper?,"This is an okay budget hotel in a great location right near Paddington station. The rooms are slightly old and there's no lift so if you have a big suitcase, you're in trouble, because you have to carry it up a potential five flights of stairs. The breakfast was good an served quickly, the receptionist was helpful, but the to my great dismay there was no toilet paper in my room!",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or155-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Dirty, Disgusting, Unsuitable for Humans","I've been staying in low budget hotels in London for many years, but I wasn't prepared for this experience. My room was on the 4th floor, but there was NO LIFT, so it was very challenging to get my suitcase with me when I arrived. The room was TINY and everything inside was OLD and DIRTY. The sheets were SMELLY and had DISGUSTING brown marks, so I had to put one of my t-shirts on the pillow every time I went to sleep. The bed was not only TINY, but also there were curtain from a window covering 1/3 of it. Besides a completely unpractical arrangement, these curtains had all sorts of DIRT sticking on them, which made the whole experience more DISGUSTING. Actually the first days I slept with my clothes on! The bathroom was TINY and again DIRTY. Also every time I took a shower it…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or155-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,An average hotel at good location but needs improvement,"The hotel is ideally located at the intersection of London Street and Susses Gardens. All main attractions are on walking distance of 2 to 3 KMs even to Big Ben and London Eye besides Oxford Circus, Piccadely and Trafalgar Square from the hotel. Staff and breakfast were good but still hotel lacks some basic facilities which include an elevator especially for families and for those whose rooms are booked at second and third floors. Attached bathrooms were too small but still they serve the purpose as families avoid to use common bathrooms. As our family room was in the rare side our request to shift us on the front side could not be acceded to by the management as they had no family room to sleep four at front side i.e. on the main Sussex Gardens Road and we had no option but to…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or155-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Clean and friendly,"The rooms are fairly clean, staffs are friendly apart from management that did not offer any compensation when Venere.com (booking website) offered more than what hotel was prepared to offer. Breakfast was okay but I had ask to get a glass of water. The location is great for train users, also it is 10 minutes walk to Hyde park. Rooms looking to main road were not so quite because of the old fashion windows. The booking confirmaion mentions of laugage room but we had to leave our laugages in the reception for a few hours after checking out. The streets around it are rather safe. Overall felt a bit expensive.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or155-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,No Booking!!!!!,"Booked this hotel on line months before due arrival and got confirmation by e-mail. However when we arrived on the Saturday afternoon the gentleman on reception had no information regarding our booking, he even rang the Manager/Owner who again had no information regarding our booking even though I had my Booking Confirmation with me. There were no available rooms which was not only annoying but quite distressing due to the long distance we had travelled and I was due to run the London Marathon the next day. The gentleman on reception was apologetic and did telephone a local hotel which fortunately has rooms availavble at the same rate, but this was certainly not worth the rate which we had initially paid for the rooms. In my view be careful if you book on line and I would advise…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or160-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Avoid,"Okay, this is a budget hotel booked to save money as I was travelling without family for a visit to the Albert Hall, but even at low cost there was an awful lot that was unacceptable in this hotel.  There were two holes in the wall where the curtain rail should have been fixed and the curtains were in the wardrobe. The carpet was ragged and frayed around the entire edge. There was a whole drawer missing from the bedside cabinet, the kettle only worked if you held it down, there were no cups for tea and coffee and the teabags were not individually wrapped and looked grubby. there were also some very dodgy looking wires coming out of the wall. Oh, and there was no working lock on my door. Add to that the fact that the average prison cell must be twice the size and you will see why…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or160-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Disappointing!,"I am sorry to write this review as the staff were very friendly.  The bathroom was pretty awful with a toilet that looked as if it had not been properly cleaned for ages! The advert said that parking was available, but it consists of (I think) 2 places, so when we arrived, we were told that we would have to park else-where, not brilliant. We found that we were on the top floor, which was a very long way to climb, let alone, with suitcases.  This hotel is not suitable for the non-fit, unless you can be assured of a room on the first floor!  We were unlucky to get the top floor, which felt like a poorly converted attic.  Because of the slanting wall, the curtain annoyingly falls over the head of the bed.  I have certainly stayed at better places in London for the same price!  It…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or160-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,My viewpoints,"I lived on the topfloor and was little bit scared if there will be a fire. With soft  carpets on the floor and stairs I think a fire would be very dangerous when there was no extra exit to reach. I looked out of the window to see if there was possibility to escape that way if necessary, but I don´t think I would survive if I escaped that way. No ladders or rope what I could see.The room was very small and the bed was just under the curtain, so that disturbed me. Other I had t sleep in the light from the window or on a small part of the bed on the right side of the curtain. It was very tough to walk the hole way up to my room. I had to go 72 steps to the topfloor and I was a little bit tired when I came to my room. And in the morning I had to go further 20 steps to the basemant…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or160-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,business trip,"I stayed here overnight for a business trip. Literally in at 9pm and out at 8am. It was perfect for my purposes, yes the room is small but it is clean and the staff friendly. bathroom a bit dated and small but  nice hot shower. I got good value for money on a last minute deal. Would recommend it for this purpose but not for staying any length of time in the room.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or160-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Avoid if at all possible...,"We were booked into this hotel for a company event. However, on arrival (and after we had paid in full!) we were then told we would actually be staying in another of their hotels directly across the road - what?!?  The other hotel was dire, it had not been touched or decorated since at least the 70's, there was mould in the bathrooms, no reception area (just a doorbell), threadbare carpets, musty smell in corridors and rooms etc, etc.  How can a hotel take a booking using images and reviews on one hotel and then send you to another which is in appalling condition?  Avoid booking into this hotel at all costs, you may find yourself staying somewhere that you hadn't expected....",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or165-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,You get what you pay for...,"Me & my partner stayed here for 2 nights in June, we needed place close to hyde park for a gig and somewhere with parking which was only £10 per day which is nothing in London.  Staff where lovely.   We basically only slept in the room as they are rather on the small size if you’re looking for somewhere cheap and to crash I recommend Springfield however if you want luxury pay the price for it.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or165-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,It's a rip-off,"The hotel is pretty bad. I emailed them few days before my arrival asking how I could get there using public transposrtation and they never got back to me. You have to pay the whole stay on your arrival! Plus, if you pay with credit card they charge you 4% plus. The bed was not very clean. Plus, the daily cleaning was not good. They forget to put soap on the bathroom. There was no curtain in the shower, so the bathroom was always soaked. The fornt desk people were not able to give any info about the city attractions or transportation. They were not friendly at all. There's no lift. They charge way too much for what they offer. I DO NOT recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or165-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Only in emergency,"We stayed at the Springfield only because we arrived one day earlier and didn't have a hotel for the night.  We were in four and they had a family room available and it was  conveniently near the hotel we had booked for the next day.  Unfortunately the room was at the top floor and there wasn't a lift so we had to carry our luggage up 6 flights  of steep steps.  The room and the bathroom were very small, but we could manage to have a bath in spite of the broken shower and the sewer smell. Breakfast was included but the rate was too high for what we got.  Thankfully it was just for one night.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or165-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Terrible plumbing! smell in room impossible,although great location and decent enough breakfast there was an obvious plumbing problem. Any time the shower was used the room was filled with a dirty sewer smell as if the water then diturbes something nasty lurking beneath. could not stay here again!!!!,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or165-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,horrible place,"stayed at this hotel 15th-17th oct 2010, room on top floor which does not really bother us, but when we got to it. cracks in part of ceiling, damp patches on other parts. toilet looked like it had not seenn cleaner for years, could not use bedside unit no handle on it.having breakfast another guest asked for 3 continental and 1english breakfast to which he was told by the waitress she did not know what a continental breakfast was, after about 10 mins they gave up and all had english. they will not refund you your money so you can go elsewhere.dont stay here.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or170-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,satisfactory accomodation for the price,"Good welcome on arrival,room ok.As we need a quad room a put u up bed was put in but collapsed each time it was sat on so reverted to sleeping on a mattress! Room was clean, bedding fine and clean towels every day. Breakfast good,set us up for the day. as a whole the accomodation met all our needs as somewhere to sleep at an affordable price.",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or170-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,You get what you pay for,"I knew I would not get much from this Hotel after reading all the reviews.As I spend only one night, I was ok to give it a try. Location is good and from the outside the hotel looks ok. The room was run down, the beds to short for me and I could not sleep diagonally, as the matress was worn out and I kept sleeping between the beds. As I left early I did not have the breakfast. The Bathroom was a nightmare. Dirty, falling apart and not clean at all. Close your eyes, do what ever you want to do quick and get out.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or170-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Good location on fair price,The hotel is very convenient located just close to two metro stations. Neighborhood is nice. The rooms were quite small and the bathrooms were quite small.  The checkout time is quite early - 10am.  Make sure to close the windows so you can have a sleep because of the busy street outside.  In conclusion the hotel served its purpose - good location on fair price.,Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or170-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Basic hotel but well located,"I have been using the Springfield for more than thirty years, both recently and with previous owners. I stay there wehn I am in London on business on my own; I prefer to take my significant other to slightly more upmarket places. Having said that, the Springfield is great if you just want a place to sleep that's easy to get to from Heathrow (15 mins on Heathrow Express). The rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. Breakfast is the usual English Breakfast, but you won't go hungry with generous portions. So, if you just want a place to lay your head for a night or two, and you need to be close to the West End and the airport, you could do worse than the Springfield. Don't expect big spacious rooms with widescreen TV though, and you won't be disapponted. Good basic B&B hotel.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or170-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Get what you pay for.,This hotel is in a great location but there is a lot to be desired in this hotel. there is no lift we had to carry out bags up four flights of stairs. The breakfast was fine but the staff were not very friendly . The rooms are in desperate need of refurbishment. There was stains on the ceiling and the window wouldn't open. There was paint feeling off the ceiling in the bathroom and and the light didn't work.  We only stayed there two nights and at this price you cant expect much,Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or175-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Friendly staff,We stayed at the hotel with some trepidation having read the reviews after we had booked. We were greeted by a very friendly polite receptionist. The room was in need of refurbishment but was clean enough. The dining room was clean and fresh the breakfast was fine. Because we were using the hotel just as a base we did not intend to spend much time in the room. The location we like and have stayed at various hotels in Sussex Gardens.,Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or175-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Awful service,"We come to London several times a year but never had such awful experience.We have booked 3 nights to stay in Springfield hotel. The room was like a sauna with 40 degrees with no window, only a door to the yard. We asked to fix the heating system. When we returned and and asked if they managed to do anything they just replied ""NO."" We said we are checking out and moving to the hotel across the road. Then a person in reception decided to call to the manager and we were offered another room but we had to check out next morning and leave all bags in the corridor. In the evening they said they are giving us a room but we have again to checkout each morning. It was inappropriate so we offered to pay for 1 night. The hotel manager was very rude and threatened to charge for additional…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or175-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,A hostel would have been just as good if booking online,"Got to hotel about 11am.  The guy at the desk was friendly but as we were early for check in, we had to leave our bags in the main hall or wait til 1pm.  We left the bags and when we came back at 9:30pm they were still in the hallway.  Lucky the guests were honest.  The room was disguisting!  Paint peeling off the walls, dirty sheets which werent even covering the mattress properly and a bathroom that was only fit for a campsite.  The manager was arrogant refused to change our room, give us a discount or allow us to leave.  He said that because we hadnt cancelled the room in 72 hours we would be charged whether we stayed or not.  He didnt seem to get the point that we wanted to leave because the place was terrible and we didnt know that 72 hours before check in!!!  Apparntly…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or175-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Should be cheaper for the level of service...,"stayed here for 5 days ...Front desk staff made an error with our booking when we arrived and we were asked to check out the day before we had planned to until we showed our invoice and proof of the error we had been treated like frauds.....despite this lapse on their part we were still relocated to an inferior room for the same price! However, in fairness to them they tried to improve service levels after this but i guess the damage had already been done. On a separate note one of the ladies in the breakfast room was borderline rude and consistently served without a smile as though more interested to get you out and close the kitchen by 9am.",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or175-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,could do better,"Room was a bit dingy and dark.  Looked onto the boiler room courtyard.  Problem with the shower being too hot, so unable to shower on our first day until fixed - management helpful with this though.  Biggest concern was that they charged a 5% surcharge for payment with credit card, and this wasn't mentioned either on booking or until I came to check out, so no time to make other arrangements.  Very upset about this!",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or180-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,There are better places to Stay,"Its been 3 yrs since we stayed at Springfield but reading some of these reviews it seems nothing has changed. I still have memories of our less than impressive stay there. When we arrived during the day the man at the counter couldnt even bother looking at us and smiling. Kept his head down and was less than helpful with any questions I asked. Couldnt even muster a 'hello' or 'welcome' when we arrived.  The room was adequate but very outdated. The toilet however was awful. Seat was broken, water leaking. They said they'd fix the problem but never did. So every time we sat on the loo the seat fell to the side. Not good for a female thats for sure!  No lifts so we had to carry our suitcases up about 4 flights of narrow stairs. Breakfast was nice but again the man doing the cooking…",None,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or180-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,very disappointed,"we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during july '08. we tried booking over the internet initially but couldn't due to website not working.  So we booked by phone and was quoted 75 pounds per night. when we arrived at the hotel the gentleman on reception was not happy because a staff member had quoted us the wrong price and it should be 85 pounds a night.  Not our fault , but he agreed to honour the first amount. The room had a nice view but was run-down and badly needed redecoration.  There is no lift so be prepared to carry your own suitcases upstairs. We had been advised breakfast was 7.30 to 9am, we arrived just before 9am and was advised  very rudely by the same gentleman that we were too late and he was not cooking us any breakfast, we were gobsmacked by his rudeness but…",Date of stay: July 2008,2.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or180-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,satisfactory b+b,"more a b+b than hotel as it had no bar or lounge.decor was a bit dated,en suite was dated and needs refurbishment,breakfast was fine and staff were helpful.stayed 2 nights so it was ok for short visit.handy for circle line ",Date of stay: August 2007,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or180-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Great Location, But.....","This is a fantastic location and you get what you pay for, but be aware of a few problems we encountered:  We had 3 rooms for 3 nights, there is no lift so if you are on the top floor be prepared to lug your bags up a lot of stairs. There is no air-con, which worked out OK. The toilet seat in one room was broken off, the timber surround around the shower fell off in another room, the bifold shower door was broken in two in our third room. This property could do with some maintenance. The breakfast was very good considering the cost.  Our biggest problem was that the hotel staff showed people through the hotel - in our room while we were out!  This hotel is located in a long street which is nothing but hotel properties. I'm sure there is something in the same location that is a…",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or180-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,A comfortable stay,"I must praise the Springfield Hotel where i stayed for 4 nights. It is a B+B hotel. The staff were friendly. The breakfast was very good with excellent sausages. The room was warm, but not too warm, with a lovely ensuite shower. TV had the 5 UK channels. Beds were comfortable and clean, and were made up each day. Any towels used were changed daily. Location was very easy and quick for access to the tube at Paddington. Check out is 11am but i had some time to kill before i had to go for my train and i sat in the reception sitting room watching the large TV, very comfortable. The only downside was one that they can't help - the traffic noise. Sussex Gardens can be a noisy road, but the same would be true for any of the many B&Bs on this road. Thumbs up. ",Date of stay: March 2006,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or185-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Wonderful Surprise,"Cosy,clean,comfortable,warm,friendly,relaxing,classically and newly decorated.Good fresh delicious breakfast. Have booked my nextther stay when I travel to London 3 weeks in advance and will do from now, on cannot say more than that. ",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or185-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,Great little Hotel,"Stayed at the Springfield by default. Was sent to this hotel by the Hyde Park Radnor which had misplaced my booking and were full until the next day, apparently thay used to own this hotel until September last year. Springfield was very clean and comfortable with a great breakfast and tremendously friendly staff.The room I was in and from what I could see of other rooms had been decorated very recently and I saw decorators in the building the next morning. I went back to the Radnor the next day which was pretty inefficient and not half as friendly.The room was quite good, though it did cost more.However the breakfast was not a patch on the Springfields. Both hotels are owned by familys ,the Springfield family do seem the friendlier though. ",Date of stay: July 2005,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or185-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"Good Location, but.............","Stayed here for one night, to go to a music festival in Hyde Park - very good area and central location.  However, we encountered a problem with our booking upon arrival, and found the staff to be unfriendly.  Our room was in need of refurbishment and was quite dark.  The shower was rusted, and we could not get any hot water from the taps.  On the morning of our stay it rained and their was a leak from the ceiling onto our bed - nice!!  The breakfast wasn't up to much either.  Would not stay here again, and would not recommend it until it is refurbished.  If you want to stay in this area, I would recommend the Hyde Park Radnor Hotel just around the corner - excellent, but book early. ",Date of stay: June 2005,2.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d528657-Reviews-or185-Springfield_Hotel_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Springfield Hotel London Reviews,"For what it is, a great bargain in a great location","We spent 8 nights at the Springfield, using it as home base for a really great London (and Bath and Paris) exploration vacation. Location was great for us, just two blocks from Paddington (tube, National Rail, Heathrow Express; bus stops galore).  It's a small, family-owned place, no elevator, no A/C. Rooms are small by American standards, but completely serviceable and clean. A small TV and a tacked-on toilet/shower combo built in to one side. Some street noise, some adjacent room noise, but nothing we couldn't live with for 65 GBP/night.  The place grew on us. We particularly liked breakfast -- traditional English breakfast included in the tariff, and it was very good, indeed. Dining room is in the ""basement,"" appeared recently remodeled; clean; individual service from the…",Date of stay: June 2004,4.0
