,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or0-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Walls too thin ....,"I was given one of the Mews rooms, which I was told had been newly decorated.  It was fine, the room & bathroom were clean and roomy too.  Bed comfortable. Near Victoria Station and about 15 minute walk to Sloane Square, so location is excellent. The staff were too friendly and knowledgeable about the local area.  What I wasn't expecting was to be woken at 2am by a couple next door, let's just say that they kept me and the rest on the Mews level (and possibly the whole hotel/street) awake all night with their exploits (I honestly dont know where they got the energy from). Heard people complaining about it the next morning.   So with hardly any sleep that night  I decided that I would file Tophams Hotel into my 'never again' pile.",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or0-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great stay,"Ideal location,  very clean with a relaxing atmosphere and the staff were very friendly and helpful.  If your looking for a hotel near London Victoria we highly recommend this one its close to all amenities",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or0-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shabby and not chic,"When booking this hotel the website stated ‘ We offer modern luxury, quality and comfort - great service and a warm friendly welcome.  Our modern air-conditioned guest rooms are well-equipped, with fully stocked mini-bars, flat-screen TVs and private ensuite facilities.’   Upon arrival we received a letter saying that refurb work was being undertaken, no mention of this at the point of booking. From missing cupboard doors, a faulty safe, torn wallpaper blinds, curtains and headboards, to stains on the carpet, a shower that sprayed everywhere and even (I think) a spot of blood on the wall, the place was a great disappointment. At breakfast when the waitresses coffee jug ran out after pouring half an inch of coffee into my wife’s cup, she shrugged her shoulders, walked away and didn’t return. Upon leaving the receptionist didn’t ask if we enjoyed our stay. I don’t blame her she probably knew the answer she will get. A great disappointment and a far cry from the website description.…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or0-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No thank you,"My partner and I have just spent two nights in this hotel as part of a Christmas getaway. It is in no way shape or form worth the amount of money they charge. Just by the lift as you arrive there is a sign which states that it’s all been done up and is a luxury hotel. It’s not. Not even close. I have stayed in many hotels across London and this has nothing luxurious about it. An easy hotel would be on parr with this.  The lobby is a mess, there are scuff marks all of the wall - funny when it states it’s just been done up? We got up the floor of our room and quite clearly this hotel is run down. The carpets are old and dirty and the door of each room is either scuffed or damaged.   We walked into our room which was really quite small and absolutely nothing like the pictures they displayed. We had a TV which only played one channel, the bathroom floor was all cracked and the toilet looked like it hadn’t been cleaned properly in years. Over all this was about as good as any B&B.   I was incredibly disappointed that a hotel would even begin to describe itself as luxury when it isn’t even clean, half of the lights don’t work and the furniture is mix-Matched and not in a quirky trendy sort of way. I absolutely cannot believe that they charge as much as they do and quite honestly, I wished my partner had booked us into a premier inn.  Can I also add that on the morning we were due to leave we had a lay-in... or at least we had planned to when suddenly the fire alarm went off. Why you would plan a fire alarm test for 10 am on a Sunday morning is absolutely beyond me.   Things seriously need improving at this hotel or the price needs to at least match the quality!! I won’t be stopping again.…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or0-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Christmas 2019 visit,"I have stayed for several years at Tophams when I visit Winter Wonderland Hyde Park. Last year I was disappointed, the room seemed very dated and the lady on reception was unwelcoming and unhelpful.   Wow, what a difference a year makes, beautiful room and all staff were so friendly and helpful. I will be back in the spring and this time next year, keep it up Tophams.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or5-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely little find...,"I needed a hotel very close to my workplace and couldn't fault the location of The Topham.   Check-in was very smooth and efficient. The room I was assigned had seen better days as it was tatty in places but the hotel is apparently having a major refurb.   The bed was super comfy but the wall TV could have done with being on a moveable arm as it was difficult to watch at the angle it had been fixed to the wall.   Continental breakfast was included which offered fresh fruit salad, crossaint, pastries, eggs, cheese and ham. ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or5-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Desperately needs finishing off ,"The hotel is ideally placed. It’s next door to Ian Flemings house.  The staff were friendly and really helpful. The room I had was half decorated. One wall had wall paper, he others were rubbed down ready for painting. The carpet was worn but appeared clean. The bathroom wasn’t grouted and the shower had a rusty head. There was also an odd smell. ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or5-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Nice, cosy, old hotel. Very friendly staff. There is an elevator. Perfect location.  In a super area of London Belgravia. 5 min.walking from Victoria station.  Hotel needs renovation. It is very ""tired"".",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or5-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good hotel.,"We enjoyed our stay in this lovely, clean hotel. It was in a good location and staff members were polite and helpful. The price was a competitive rate, for London. We would return here in the future and recommend to others. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or5-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",newly refurbed - better than other tripadvisor reviews say,Rather worried after reading other reviews of travellers. However I was given room no 1 at back of hotel on ground floor. Newly refurbed. Absolutely spotless. No views but I was not expecting them because I wanted a quiet room which it was. Only 2 grumbles. TV signal was abysmal - more than half of channels unavailable. Plumbing difficult to control - OK if you want to be scalded in shower but don't expect a cold glass of water!,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or10-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Adequate,"First the best part: it is very conveniently located in the heart of the city with an underground station very close by. It’s clean. We were allotted rooms at the top floor. The rooms there are really really tiny. Plus there is no lift after the third floor, so the luggage has to be lugged up one floor. Breakfast is ok. It’s adequate for staying one or two nights",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or10-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",2 double rooms 1 night,"Wow - firstly this stay got off to a really bad start with terrible customer service however I have to say after a short while the management came to the room with apology and a bottle of bubbles.  The hotel itself though tired, it is excellently placed and with decent bathroom facilities - again tired but perfectly serviceable.  It’s currently very well priced if you search around so don’t hesitate to book! It serves a purpose... and breakfast was actually ok.   Get what you pay for people. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or10-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Decent hotel, excellent location ","The hotel is older and is currently undergoing massive renovations.  Our room was clean, but very small.  The beds were comfortable, bathroom was clean with soaps and shampoo and a blow dryer provided.    The construction was not loud enough to disrupt our sleep.  Breakfast was excellent and had a variety of European and American food.  The location was awesome.  We walked to Buckingham palace in about 10 minutes.  Victoria station was around the corner and the hop on hop off bus stop was next to the station.  I wound stay here in the future just for the location.   ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or10-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Pretty ordinary experience at the Topham, location is all it has","From Victoria Station and it was a short walk to our lodgings - The Topham Hotel where we have a 2 night stay.   The manager said that we had been upgraded to their 'best room' - a family room with a mezzanine level as they were fully booked - this would be for only one night which is a pain changing rooms but, an upgrade is a good thing, right ?.   Well, the room was OK and there was an upstairs to another bedroom in the attic with 2 extra single beds, but the room itself had issues.   The room is decorated in a ghastly decor, silver painted tables, ornate (awful), glass globe lamps, dim lighting, fridge not working, bathroom door cannot be opened fully and bangs against the bed, bedhead was large and covered in black vinyl which was peeling and getting on the bed linen. The…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or10-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",3 day stay,A good location close to Victoria station.  Hotel was under a badly needed refurbishment and clouded our visit this time.  Staff were very helpful but the rooms need the upgrade to bring them in line with other hotels.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or15-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Hotel,"Two couples spent 4 nights at Tophams Hotel starting 6/24/19.  It is a fantastic location, close to Victoria Station.  We were able to walk to station for Gatwick Express. Tophams is under new management/ownership and has a wonderful staff.  They have started remodeling the hotel. It's a quaint older hotel and what they've done so far is lovely. Can't wait to see what they do with the rest.  Staff was very helpful with our lost luggage issues. We enjoyed the breakfast at the hotel and close-by restaurants and pubs. Good location to use Hop on Hop off Bus also.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or15-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Filthy and smelly room,"Early July booking for 2 nights at this hotel. Arrived mid-afternoon and was assigned room number 7 on the street level floor. The room smelled, at best, musty and damp. The carpet was severely stained apparently from food and drink spillage and, from what  it looked like, some bad water damage near the bathroom door. Paint was flaking off the walls and the coating on the faux-leather headboard was flaking off on the bed sheets. Handles on the shower door and the small dresser were loose or missing. The view out the window of the room was into a dirty, dreary, dead atrium will stained walls and a couple of dirty old wrought iron chairs - perhaps a smokers area - I don't know but it was not pretty.  In spite of all this the management supplied us with a letter trying to excuse…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or15-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stop over prior to flying out on Holiday.,"The Tophams Hotel is well located in London and never to far to travel for eats/drinks or entertainment. Hotel is going through a rough patch, where some rooms are well passed there sell by and should not be sold to paying customers. However as I explained very courteously to the duty manager, I was making a very reasonable request for a room change and was suitably impressed with the outcome.  I would like to think the regeneration of the Hotel continues and I would return there again some time in the future.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or15-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location and friendly staff but run down and overpriced,"Stayed for 2 nights 4th-6th July. Hotel in a nice quiet street, great location near to Victoria station and Hyde Park corner. Staff on reception were friendly and helpful. Stayed in a 1st floor room, very cramped room but had the basics (kettle  tea, coffee, iron and iron board, safe,mini fridge) but no hairdryer. Had a dressing table which was a nice touch. Bed and pillows were comfortable.  Aircon was not very cool. Bathroom was nice and clean, had a bath and separate shower. Did not have breakfast in hotel so cannot comment on it. Very disappointed with the condition of the hotel. The cold tap in bathroom ran hot water and when having a hot shower, cold water ran every few mins. Room could be cleaner- stains on carpets and curtains and walls. On one window of our room there…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or15-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Understand refurbishment but not told in advance. Including no bar.,"Great location a few minutes walk from Victoria Stations. Quiet, especially if you are at the back of the hotel. Nothing on website to say they are being refurbished. Asked for a bath if possible (for bad back) and they responded to say they could so, so ok with having a downstairs room as upper would probably have only shower. These rooms probably last to be upgraded but having asked for bath, that’s ok. Very  cracked loo seat, rotten carpet and the worst ‘view’ I have ever had in any hotel ever ( brooms, mops, drainpipes, about two meters of rubbish). Thought, according to website, that I had booked for cooked breakfast, but only continental given. No brown bread, very limited. Warm milk for cereal, I could go on. My big gripe is that they actually have a drinks menu in…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or20-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A place to rest your head,We got this room at a good price with the mindset of just a place to sleep. Quite basic but clean and well located in regards to trains/HOHO bus. In need of a little TLC but they are in the process of renovations so that's okay.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or20-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"I have stayed here a couple of times as the location is excellent, however the state of the hotel is poor and absolutely not as you see in their photos. Dirty sheets, cracked and wobbly furniture, no hot water in the shower and 'snug' rooms. The beds are also uncomfortable and stiff, I'm afraid I won't be returning.  On the plus side the receptionist are wonderful, polite and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or20-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not be misled by the photos! if they have bedrooms like these we didn't see them!!,"We chose the location for convenience and the hotel based on reviews and photos! BIG mistake. We were shown to our first room which was AWFUL! carpet dirty, furniture falling apart and bathroom in need of a makeover. we were told this was mistake and allocated our deluxe room instead! It was the same poor condition and dirty. The top of the kettle fell off, paintwork not just chipped and dirty but holes in ceiling and doors, electric socket cracked. The room backed onto a little garden but you couldn't see out because the windows were filthy. I could not shower in the dirty bathroom. We checked out and I spoke with the deputy manager who was the best thing about the whole horrible episode. I showed her photos of the room, she listened and apologised and did not try to justify…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or20-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Please change the beds!,"First impressions not good! Dirty chewing gum stained carpet leading to reception. The rooms desperately need renovating, dirty carpet, chipped furniture and the WORST bed in London, impossible to sleep. On the plus excellent location, some staff helpful and friendly and the breakfast satisfactory.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or20-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Friendly and welcoming!,"This was our first stay in this part of London, very well placed for the usual tourist spots and Chelsea flower show.  The staff are all extremely friendly and make you feel welcome, we were given a nice welcome letter from the manager explaining the planned update for the hotel.  This is well overdue, we had a pleasant room but it had a lot of damage to skirting boards, walls and furniture (no handles on two of the drawers so unable to use them, only 3 hangers in the wardrobe, so had to drop clothes on chairs., and frayed cushions.  The room was cleaned well each day and fresh towels were always available. Breakfast was lovely, fresh and plenty of choice.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or25-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely service,"We stayed here overnight and were pleasantly surprised as we had read some negative reviews. We were able to leave our bags after our (very) early arrival and checked in an hour early with no problems. Room was clean and attractive with a very comfortable bed. Only problem was the shower as we could not regulate the temperature. Breakfast was lovely: self service but coffee was made fresh for us, as was the toast! Friendly service all round.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or25-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Friendly helpful staff,"First visit to this hotel. It was booked for me by a colleague and, I admit I wouldn't have booked it myself had I read previous reviews but... it does have a lot going for it. It's pretty near Victoria Station so convenient for the engagement I had the following day. Had a bit of trouble finding it (my phone had died and I was sent in the wrong direction by a ""helpful"" local!) but once I got there, Irina on reception and her colleague Anna were so friendly and were happy for me to check in even though my colleague who was paying for the room, wasn't due to arrive until later! My room, on the 3rd flloor was ""quirky"" with the bathroom and separate shower down a short flight of stairs!! The ""twin"" bed was a good size, clean & comfortable and the furnishings were what I'd decribe…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or25-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Tired, and needing TLC",Tophams was great for access from Victoria Station and London. The staff were helpful and very polite. Breakfast was pretty good too. But the rooms are tired and in need of refurbishment. Carpets were stained and fittings dirty or worn. Aircon/Heating was ineffective. Nearby pubs were ok for beer & food.,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or25-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Run for the hills ,Do not stay here truly awful dirty room dirty stained mattresses and carpets I tried so hard to accept it but I couldn’t. Got full refund and receptionist admitted the website is not the same hotel. At the very least see your room before you pay.  For me one of the worse things was the blocked fire escape routes with bags and bags of dirty laundry. It’s a old building and in the event of fire you would need to know how to get out. ,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or25-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"I want to preface this by saying that I have stayed in MANY poor hotels and hostels. All of them so far have had redeeming qualities to the point where I would overlook certain negative aspects.  HOWEVER do take time to see the list below: Damp in room. Mould ALL OVER bathroom. Blue and green stains dotted over the carpet? Rust covering the mirror. ‘Evidence’ of previous occupants left in and around room. Not entirely confident the bed was clean. But I digress.  For my girlfriend and I to spend £130 on a hotel room for one night in these conditions simply shouldn’t be a thing. Perhaps some would say I am overly harsh. These people, would be wrong.  It’s a good thing we weren’t there for long.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or30-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tired and woren,"All the other reviews are correct. Location great, state of decor is terrible. Sadly in all the time I have been travelling to London, this is too common in the independent sector. So I always end up in chain hotels.   Let me walk you though the comedy. First on arrival, chipped paint on the door and a overwhelming smell of air freshener/ bleach as if it’s hiding something. Room was in the basement and had marks on the walls, headboard, furniture, ceiling, soap scum on shower head, carpets and the bed felt like it was last replaced in 1930s. Old electric heater c1985. Sheets and towels clean so I put up with it. Breakfast was ok - any hotel could have frozen yoghurt (not meant to be - ice bowl meant it solidified) and the over zealous coffee could have supported a spoon without…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or30-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not quite what it seems on the website,"I stayed at Tophams for 3 nights in business.  Things to know include the fact that the hotel has recently been bought by another company and is therefore in the process of renovating their rooms. The room I was first placed in was clearly worn out and in bad need of repair. See photos. I complained and was told that this was unfortunately how all the rooms were. I therefore asked why it wasn’t mentioned in the website. I booked the hotel on the understanding that it was billed as 4 star and ‘boutique ‘ there was no answer to this. I was eventually moved to a much nicer room in the basement of the building. I saw one of the newer rooms which did look lovely. However, if you are booking any time soon, be aware you may not get what you hoped for.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or30-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location,"Great location for our needs but sadly hotel very much in need of renovation. Room too warm for my personal liking, bed/mattress in need of replacement and bathroom in need of repair/redecorating. Staff friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or30-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","BLOOD stained mattress, 3 lots of yellow stained pillows",We had booked the property to stay in after the Ski and Snowboard show. We were looking for somewhere clean and comfortable to sleep rather than getting the train late at night. Unfortunately when we got back to the hotel after being out late into the evening we noticed the poor condition of the room. We decided to check out the pillows. To our horror we found worn out lumpy pillows with huge dark stains (didn't get pictures before they were taken from us). We went to reception and found a couple complaining and asking for a refund. Which was also worrying. The woman on reception called housekeeping to get new pillows. These were considerably worse (see pictures). By this point we were fairly annoyed and requested a third lot of pillows. House-keeping came back once more with a…,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or30-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting,"Stayed here for 1 night only at the beginning of Jan 19.  Good thing it was only for 1 night or I would have demanded our money back and gone elsewhere.  Mold on the ceiling, crap bed with springs and the list goes on.  The place should be demolished.  Paid 173.00 pounds for this crap which is $314.00 AUD and for hotels in Australia for $300.00 you get 4 stars.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or35-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I should had read the tripadvisor reviews!,"They advertise this as a recently renovated hotel which is FALSE. There is humidity everywhere, particularly in the bathrooms, mattresses are dirty, curtains falling, the television has few channels and the tv control is barely working. The breakfast is mediocre, and runs out fast --the waiter told us the first day to wake up earlier if we wanted boiled eggs. The room cleaning is deficient, and done superficially.  Staff are friendly. This is not a 4 star hotel, by any measure it is not.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or35-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","No hot water window dose not close, Reception not interested","Believe the bad reviews. We had no hot water I went to the reception to ask if I could get a hot shower, He made me stand there for a full 10 mins in my nightie before he would deal with me. long store short I had to walk 50 mtrs (in the rain) down the road in my nightie and bare feet to another cheaper hotel to get a hot shower in the smallest shower Ive ever seen. this was 8am on a Monday morning with others on there way to work passing me.  DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or35-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shockingly Bad Experience,"We had read some poor reviews prior to going (and some good ones prior to booking) so we were a little nervous. It was far worse than we had been fearing.  The room was very cold.  Tried the air conditioning, which just spewed out cold air and a dreadful din.  Found an electric radiator in the wardrobe.  Plugged it in.  It didn't work. Paint was flaking all over the walls and there was a nasty, sickly sweet smell - bad air freshener.  I hate to think what this was hiding.  The bathroom was spacious but freezing and the shower leaked despite our not using it. We wanted an extra pillow but the spares in the wardrobe were filthy and had no pillow cases.  One was supplied when requested, as was a working radiator.  This gave us heat but was incredibly noisy. We were woken up the…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or35-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than some reviews,I read quite a number of negative reviews after booking so I was expecting something bad.  Booked a twin room. Quite spacious. Beds were comfortable.  Furniture was quite worn.  Shower had no hot water.  Staff were pleasant on check-in.  Great area for access to central London. Would consider staying again.,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or35-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Rubbish do not go here !!!!,"Stains all over carpet and covers !!! No bar open and empty mini bar. No atmosphere.only good thing about this hotel is the location. The whole hotel needs knocking down, taking cash but obviously not doing anything to the hotel there is damp everywhere. Miserable place don't go !!!!",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or40-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible hotel,Just arrived bed is likely to give me chronic back pain there is damp literally every where an absolute joke do not come here campers. Got given an underground room with a nice set of steel steps for a view. Honestly a joke for price paid,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or40-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",London ,We have just returned from having a few days in the hotel. After reading the reviews I was Not looking forward to it but we were surprised. We had room 108 compact but ok comfortable bed and full Bathroom the floor tiles could do with replacing but still ok . Breakfast was ok continental the waiter ask if we would like tea or coffee and toast a Hotel in chant but all positive ,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or40-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Spoilt our weekend,"We arrived early and asked if we could leave our luggage. Surprisingly we were told just to leave them in the bar area, where anyone could access them. Upon returning for our keys, we were told that the lift button to our second floor room was broken so we would have to go to the 3rd floor and carry the case down a floor. The King size room was compact. There was a huge stain on the carpet. I wanted a glass of water but hot water came out of both basin taps! We went out to the theatre and upon returning wanted a nightcap. We were told the bar was shut. We discovered that it was in fact devoid of any alcohol.  In  our room the bar only contained sachets of milk. Had we have realised it was a ""dry"" hotel we would never have booked. It is still advertising a bar and mini bars in…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or40-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",WORST EXPERIENCE!,"We arrived at the hotel on the Friday, as soon as we arrived the woman at reception was arguing on the phone. The staff looked very suspicious. As we entered our room we were expecting a gorgeous room as we seen on the hotel website photos. We couldn’t of been more disappointed! The bed sheets where dirty with stains all over them, the phone was broken, dirt all over the walls, cracks on the floor, dirty carpet, no shower door, a dirty “emergency exit” coming out of the toilet with bin bags in it. Ben very uncomfortable. As soon as I seen all this I went straight up to reception to complain. As I showed the manager all the photos I had taken and requested for a new room straight away, all I got back was “no” and that the hotel had been “taking over by a new company”. Which is…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or40-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","WARNING: Owner stole our money, overbooked the hotel and made his staff lie","Summery: The owner stole our money and did not give us a room. Then he made his staff lie and sent us across London to another hotel, claiming he had booked new rooms for us. This was totally untrue.  We had three rooms booked, but the staff told us that the manager had sold the hotel and taken the money and guest list with him. They did not have any rooms for us, because they had booked new guests!   Staff was rude and not very helpful. We were told to wait while they found new hotel rooms with one of the ex-manager's other hotels.   We waited for hours. Then they told us to go to the London Elizabeth Hotel, where new rooms were ready for us. We took a taxi for about half an hour in London traffic, because the London Elizabeth Hotel is on the other side of Hyde Park and very…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or45-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Birthday visit,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Yes, it needs a lick or two of paint, but our room was fine. Beds were clean, and comfortable mattresses. The staff were friendly and helpful, both receptionists we met were very  professional. Nice dining room, continental buffet breakfast, and toast served by excellent staff. Andrew, in particular, was a joy to meet. The price was incredible, bearing in mind the location, Belgravia. All but neighbouring Buckingham Palace, and Hyde Park was easily walkable, plus the transport amenities. We would definitely go again. We easily made it to the theatre, and it all made my birthday treat perfect!",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or45-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great service,We have stayed in this hotel for two nights. The hotel is a rather tired and it has just been taking over after a previous disastrous management. Considering the situation staff are nice and welcoming and have done their upmost to make our stay as pleasant as possible.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or45-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Trip to London,This was terrible - travelers be ware.  The rooms and service were not even a one star.  I wish I had reviewed other travelers feedback prior.  Please don’t trust the photos on their site,None,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or45-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Customer service and empathy does not exist in this place,"I made a big mistake booking this place 4 weeks ago.  As soon as I realised the error of my ways, I contacted the hotel by email and appealed to their better nature, of which it seems they have none.  Stupidly, I booked before doing too much research and booked at a non refundable rate which I know is entirely my own fault.  I emailed within minutes of booking and said how worried I was in view of the terrible reviews across numerous sites and asked if they would cancel the booking as a gesture of goodwill.  The response, obviously, was a 'No' but at no point did they try to put my mind at rest about the hotel or the reviews.   Not one to give up easily, I emailed across a more in depth argument about the reasons I felt they should cancel my booking.  After a number of days, I…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or45-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location,"My sister and I stayed at Tophams on two occasions recently, the first at the end of October and the second from 8 November. the first visit was a disappointment with a long checking in wait and poor room service, towels and beds not changed in the 4 days we were there,  but this was greatly improved on our second visit with prompt checking in, clean towels and linen changed every day. Apparently there was a change of management on 4 November and there was a great improvement on our second visit. We found the breakfast room pleasant with a good continental breakfast and the staff very helpful and polite.  I would recommend this hotel for the location alone, close to Victoria train and bus stations and the popular attractions.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or50-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers without laughs!,"We can echo the comments of other reviewers, this hotel is awful. It would not have been our choice but we were given a Red Letter Day experience of a overnight stay with dinner and breakfast. We booked an extra night ourselves. Our check in was long winded and caused confusion to the receptionist. We tried to book our dinner but were told restaurant in hotel was Iranian and we could eat at their sister hotel in Lancaster Gate that she would book. So we took a 15 minute tube ride to the Elizabeth Hotel who knew nothing of our reservation. We sorted it eventually and the menu was Persian - that's same as Iranian! Food was ok but they brought main course before clearing starters and seemed reluctant to do so. Our room was shabby door too close to bed, leak above shower in…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or50-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers,"We didn't whether to laugh, cry or exit rapidy. Upon arrival in the lobby the lady behing the reception desk ignored us while flicking through a pile of paper. She then instructed us to sit down. She connued to ignore us whilst photocopying something and instructed us to sit down. She then embarked upon a blazing row with another member of staff right in front of my colleague and I. We have never experienced anything quite so extraordinary. We persisted. The rooms were poor - there had been some sort of an attempt at upgrading - new tiles that had put up by an amateur with lots of grouting gaps. Scuff mark and wood work gaps - really quite grim. I apoligise to any tourist or international traveller - the UK is not all like this",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or50-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tired and shabby,"I spent one night here during a business trip to London. I suppose the relatively cheap rate (compared to other hotels in London) should have been a clue. From the start, it was a poor experience:  - the check-in process was a disorganized mess of papers, and the check-in staff seemed very flustered by it all - the first room I had was too hot (29C) and the air-con unit could only blow hot air! - I asked to switch rooms, and the second was at least cooler, but it had a cracked mirror and cracked tiles in the bathroom - the decor is generally shabby, with lots of chipped furniture and poorly done paintwork. Some nice photos on the walls, but that wasn't enough to make up for the rest - the saggy mattress on the bed made my back hurt - disappointing breakfast  I won't be going…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or50-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Be wary,"This was about the worst check in experience I have ever had, for what is supposed to be a boutique hotel in a high class area of London.  The assistant manager and head of housekeeping had a stand up argument in front of us!  Made us wait 5 minutes while they did that.  We were ready to walk out but getting a hotel in this part of London on the night is a huge challenge.  So many features of the bedroom were missing - no milk for coffee/tea, no iron - though an ironing board, shower only produced v hot water, bath did not have all the required knobs for water management, mattress was lumpy.  The assistant manager said the hotel had just changed hands so maybe the new owners will improve things........",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or50-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","So disappointing! Room was very dirty and unkempt, and staff was rude","This hotel is in dire need of fixing up. We arrived early (around 11 a.m.), hoping the room would be ready but expecting at the least to leave our luggage for the day. When we walked in, we weren't greeted but instead stood in the entryway for several minutes while staff argued with each other and berated a woman who appeared to be a guest. It was uncomfortable and awkward, to say the least. After a couple of minutes, the woman behind the table finally noticed us and said, 'checking in or checking out?' clearly not noticing we had JUST walked in the door, and despite the fact the entryway is very tiny. Our room wasn't ready, so we left our luggage for the day. When we arrived in the evening to check in, we were told we had ""the nicest room"" but when we got up to our room, we…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or55-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",STAY AWAY!!! Absolutely the worst!,"This hotel is a complete deception. When looking for a place to stay in London we came across Tophams, we saw the photos and immediately booked. When we arrived we saw a woman complaining at the front desk, and the receptionist kind of ignored her complaints and brushed it off, changing subject... First thing I noticed was how rude the receptionist was with her colleague, ordering her to do stuff then slamming papers and ridiculing her infront of us. We finally go to our room, which was on the second floor, take the lift to the third floor and walk down the narrow steps luggage and all to the floor below. Our room was ok at first sight, then we looked closer. The carpets were filthy, the wall paint was a disaster, sat on the bed and we could actually feel the springs  coming…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or55-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Definteley not 4 star!!,The hotel is in desperate need of updating. I get the impression we were given one of the better rooms looking at other reviews. This was because we had an issue with the hotel when we made the booking through Booking.com. The hotel took payment for our stay then on the same day took a further amount of nearly £400. After several phone calls and emails they said they had no record of the extra charge and to get out credit card company to call back payment. Our credit card company did get the money back but if we hadn't paid by credit card we would not have got it back!! As for our stay...They had no towels as they were still at the cleaners. They ran out of tea bags at breakfast. The room was ok although I didn't use the duvet as it looked old and stained the pillows weren't…,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or55-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely foul! NEEDS TO BE DHUT DOWN,I attended a tea for two at the hotel. On arrival we were greeted by environmental health wanting to gain access to the kitchen yet being denied by staff. Reluctantly me and my mum stayed for the experience due to it being Gifted to me by a friend. A member of staff (who didn't seem to have a clue what she was doing) made some sandwiches. Bread was stale and the butter was so thick it made us feel sick. Sandwich fillings were of the poorest standard I have ever encountered. Cream cheese was sour and the ham was rubbery. As if that was bad enough I took a bite from one of the sandwiches and pulled out a black hair from my mouth. Obviously left behind by whoever made them. The cakes were out of a packet and dry enough they resembled dish sponges.  Scones were also dry and just…,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or55-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",completely disappointed,"The 4 stars are  totally false: carpet  awfully covered of stains, furnitures damaged, not even soap in the bathroom. We payed for a triple but we just had a ground floor old small double room with a camp bed for the third person. We asked for another room and the answer was they have 9 bedrooms in needs of maintenence (probably on total they have 15 rooms), even the simple request of soap didn't have success success. DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL, IT IS MORE CORRECT TO CALL IT AN HOSTEL.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or55-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not the top !,"The best thing about this hotel was its proximity to the train station and hop on hop off bus routes plus Cafe Nero.  It’s on a really cute street with a beautiful front door but that’s really where the good stuff finishes. We were in the Mews which meant below street level. Couldn’t open a window and the aircon didn’t do much more than make a loud noise. The walls were all falling apart with what looked like mould but didn’t have the smell. No hand towels, face washer or hairdryer. I’d have to wait till another guest had finished with it before I could use one !!  Lucky it was summer. The pillow cases were stained so I  was told to turn them inside out. Had no unstained ones.  However all negatives aside , because we booked well in advance the room price was very cheap for that…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or60-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location,"Old property not well maintained....staff friendly and helpful...good buffet breakfast...clean throughout...and comfy bed....has elevator.. would recommend for a short stay.  Great location for visiting Palaces, Hyde Park, Harrods, Theatres....River Thames.....all within walking distance",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or60-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor amenities,This hotel is punching above it’s weight And is need of a refurbishment. Scuffed headboards  Shower in our rooms didnt work  People at reception asking when their shower would be working  telephones don’t work you can’t ring reception  It’s not a disabled friendly hotel only one room that has wheelchair access and that’s a tight squeeze  It advertises full English breakfast in the information booklet all you get is continental choice in the dinning area  It advertises evening meal which is delivered to the hotel I was given a menu from the local pizzeria  The drinks selection behind the bar is very poor  If you have a problem the receptionist dismisses  it with a shrug of the shoulders. Some members of staff do try to help you if you find the right person The only nice thing to…,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or60-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lowest form of scum possible,I recently stayed in this hotel with family. I'm not one for writing reviews and I never read them. However you should take note. I would not even give this place a 1 star. Its not fit to keep animals in. The staff are rude and tell lies. Make sure if you agree anything its in writing. We had no hot water. They couldn't even provide a remote for the tele. The ceilings were full of damp and had paint peeling.to top it all off when I had to pay for a extra bed the mattress was rotten. We had a glass window pane missing. I have attached a picture of the mattress for you to see. It is disgusting. Oh and I am in the process of reporting them to the environmental health,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or60-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"This was a second choice as our original venue was no longer available - it was dreadful. We have been to many places for afternoon tea, this failed miserably to all of them!  My mistake was to not check trip advisor before booking, which I always do! Tea was poor, hotel was grubby, there was a reason there was only four of us in the restaurant!",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or60-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I ever stayed at - Should be Closed Down,"I've travelled almost every week for the last 20 years and without a doubt this place wins my award for the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Its awful rooms and rude / greedy staff are just the worst.  A late change of plans meant that my company's booking agency had great difficulty in finding a room at short notice, but they finally booked & paid for this place at a ridiculous £295 for a single night.  When I arrived the extremely obnoxious lady at the front desk started shouting at me that the booking was not correct and demanding my credit card to charge me £500 for the room, saying that this was a discounted price for a £700 room.  30 minutes and a lot of arguments / calls to the booking agency later I finally got my room for the booking price - but beware - while sorting…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or65-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tea and cake shoddy service,This was a birthday present to my sister by her friends. We arrived and everything looked good lovely building on the outside. We were greeted by an Eastern European receptonist who was shouting down the phone. This was the background to our visit loud voices and the sound of customers being harrangued by the staff for complaining. The decor was tatty and needed re doing an electric socket in their bar was broken showing the wire. We were shown to our table and the room was empty. We chose our tea and this was brought to the table. There was no milk and there were no staff around the kitchen was empty and the receptionist was on the phone and just pounted in the direction of the toilet. We finally got the milk and the sandwiches and cake were brought out. The portions were…,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or65-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel,"This hotel is in a nice area and conveniently located 5 minutes walk from Victoria station. That's the only good thing I can say. The receptionist that's mostly on the desk is the rudest person, she has such a bad manner with guests as well as the other staff.  Our room had a shower with a broken thermostat, it only worked on boiling hot so we had to just use the hand shower in the bath! The soap on the  sink left a dirty ring under it which showed that the sink hadn't been cleaned any time recently. The wardrobe door was broken and jammed shut. The TV sometimes worked sometimes didn't. The carpet was so dirty with huge stains everywhere. The bed had springs coming through and when we investigated further to see if we could turn it or flip it we discovered horrible stains all…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or65-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",TERRIBLE NEEDS TO BE CLOSED DOWN!!!! ,"Disgusting place, rooms full of mould,Tv's don't work,Phones don't work, toilet fittings of wall just bear workings showing ,beds mattresses springs coming through,fridge don't work no hair dryers,rooms not cleaned,tea coffee none existent in rooms. Was shown 5 other rooms all the same disgusting state,complained so my times and asked to see manager but was never available (funny that ) Advertising to be 4 star they are having a laugh.Breakfast was no better out of date cearal,sweaty cheese and ham dirty cutely. No offer of a refund or a sorry nothing please be waurd please do not book to say here.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or65-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bed bugs,"It's a good location, but the condition of the rooms at The Tophams Hotel Belgravia are very poor. The carpet on the floor of our room was dirty and it smelled. On their official site they have very nice pictures of the rooms, but in reality it was our worst life experience. Big minus - the bed in the room had bed bugs. I'm reporting the hotel to the health authority.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or65-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Surprised after reading reviews,"We arrived about 5ish and the woman on the desk was fine, I was dreading it after reading reviews.  (I Booked this hotel  before I read reviews!) our room was at the bottom in the mews. Room was tired and dated , but its an old place. Tiles could do with being changed in bathroom and there's lots of damp.However the bathroom was spacious and I loved the bath. The TV had one channel, but I don't go to London to watch TV. The bed was fine, slept ok.  Breakfast was good, I only had yogurt and some toast which they made while I was there. I only stayed one night, great location and had the room at a reasonable price for London. I would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or70-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel,"We were greeted by a moody woman who smiled when we left after dropping our bags off, the first room we were put in had a hole in the toilet wall, had mould every where and the bedding wasn't clean. The second room the bedding was clean but we had asked for someone to clean the bath and fix the TV as it didn't work. We then got moved into a third room bearing in mind when we complained about the first room we were shouted at by the woman on reception sat on her mobile that because we booked three booking.com we have the worst room and that they were fully booked up. The 3rd room was semi decent throw and cusion was disgusting and there was never anything in the fridge even tho they advertise drinks and chocolate. Every where was cracked and stained the lift was horrendous and as…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or70-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Horrible Place, The worst customer service!!!","This was our second time in London. We were travelling with another couple. We arrived to the hotel around 10pm on a monday. They told us they didn't have 2 rooms available for us. We booked 2 months in advance. They basically forced us to share a room because it was all they had. They were extremely rude with us. I was never spoken to this way. Free english breakfast, at breakfast the next morning, the chef tells me they weren't making english breakfast!! I wanted a refund for that night, he kept telling me to speak with the manager, the manager was never there, keep in mind i was there for 5 nights. The next day i had to wake up, re-pack, bring my luggage downstairs, after my day get my new room and un pack again. its a week later and i am still trying to regulate my refund.…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or70-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as reviews,"I was pleasently suprised when we arrived. Check in took 10 minutes. Lady is nice but straight to point. Got smiles after check in and hellos. Room was lovely and clean with big fluffy towels. Not sure about bed runner stains though. Bed was really comfy and bedding spotless. Slept really well. Breakfast is adequate and you just ask for toast and they bring it. Hotel is in a great location and close to victoia station and Buckingham palace and houses of parliament. Street is quiet and Ian Fleming lived next door. First world problems are lack of milk and mini bar, but we went to Sainsbury's and bought some milk. And there was no cold water from sink so we used bath tap. And we would stay here again. After all bad stuff we were happy.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or70-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Don’t be fooled, this is NOT a 4 star hotel. ","I booked a twin room here for myself and my mom as she has a flight from LGW in the morning and I thought I’d book her a nice play to stay for her last night in the UK. When we arrived at the lobby, it took 35 minutes to get checked in. In that time, I saw a couple who had arrived just before us leave stating that the rooms were disgusting. When the receptionist was finally ready to give us our keys, she told me that we were getting a double room. I had specifically booked a twin room and had the email confirmation to prove it and she claimed that nobody had told her so we waited to get a different room. The room we got is in fact disgusting. There are yellow and black stains on the carpet right at the entrance; the walls are all chipped and have skid marks in random places; and…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or70-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Faulty Towers is the Hilton in Comparison,"Checked in Sunday 23/9/18 two rooms were booked for myself & husband, plus son & granddaughter. Clearly a problem with rooms on arrival, but we were offered a ""£500"" per night family room, and encouraged to go have a look at it. To charge £500 per night was actually laughable, stained pillows torn headboard on the beds. We declined the offer and stated we wanted two rooms as booked.  The receptionist, surprised we turned down such a room made us understandably worried about the state on the other rooms?. After sometime two rooms were found, again both with torn headboard, but can't say that would spoil our stay and the bedding and bathroom seemed ok so, so far all ok. After settling in we tried the tv, but no signal? the aerial socket was hanging off the wall! I checked my son's…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or75-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Horrific hotel and service!!! Tuesday 18th September 2018,"I booked my boss in to stay at this hotel with supposed 4 stars and stunning pictures. She was horrified to find the aircon broken, phone broken, TV broken and had to sleep with the balcony door open as it was so hot and stuffy in the room. It was a lot smaller than it looked in the pictures. She also asked for a wake up call this morning and realising the phone didn't work, the reception couldn't even be bothered to knock on her door. There was also another man there the evening she arrived complaining that his lights didn't work and reception said ""maintenance has left already so there's nothing I can do"". That's NOT customer service.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or75-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","So bad, one star is too good.",The thing about any hotel or service is that your expectations are set by what you pay. Having paid over 100 per night I was very dissatisfied.  Hotel room is small. Fittings are very tired. Mattress is more like a trampoline than something you can sleep on. The internet does not work. The shower is broken. The air con is ineffective meaning I have to sleep with the windows open and it is in a busy area of Victoria meaning sleep is difficult with open windows.  The decor is very badly done with player damaged where doors don't fit properly. Doors begining to show signs of rot in damp areas like the bathroom. The wardrobe is down steps and is so cramped it is hard to get to luggage.  The TV works!  Sometimes.  I complained about all of the above this morning and when I got back…,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or75-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A truly terrible experience,"I would not recommend a Stay at Tophams hotel to anyone. Apart from the location this hotel cannot offer anything apart from disappointment and frustration.   We were met by chaos at the reception, if you can call it a reception. We were lucky to get two keys on the second day as they didn’t seem to have keys for all guests. And for our nearly 300£ for a twin room, my colleague and I were given a horrible double room with a saggy old double bed and a camping bed which was a poor excuse for a bed. Dirty floor carpet, broken interior and horrible blankets for cover left us feeling like we would catch fleas. At least we had air conditioning, several rooms didn’t have a working one.   To finish a bad night off we had the awful breakfast.   I’m very negative here and that is due to…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or75-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hotel has “self appointed itself” 4 stars ! ,"Had the misfortune to book this hotel ( but didn’t bother to stay there once I’d read the reviews ...). I made the booking through Amoma ( another one to avoid...) whilst trying to book another 4 star hotel in the Victoria area. This was subsequently fully booked. The Tophams was offered to me as the same 4 star standard, so I agreed to book over the phone , without checking the reviews. Had a long battle with Amoma to get a refund on this room .Whilst compiling evidence that I was mislead into making the booking, I phoned the hotel to ask them who awarded them 4 stars, the receptionist says they are self appointed ! ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or75-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't book here,Only chose the hotel for location for a one night business stay and didn't read the Trip Advisor reviews as i usually do due to time but went off it being a 4 star. Big mistake. Check in was by a rude lady who was arguing with someone on the phone when i arrived. Eventually checked me in but was miserable in her work and not at all welcoming. At 3pm there were maids and their carts in the corridors and vacuum cleaners as trip hazards.   Room on 2nd floor was old and tatty and not very big. Bathroom was weird. Cold tap ran hot even when you kept it running for ages. Hot tap was scalding. After i checked in i walked to Buckingham palace (10-15 mins away). Returned changed and went out for dinner only returning to sleep as you wouldn't want to spend more time there. Next morning on…,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or80-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shockingly dirty and horrendous!!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"My wife and I booked this hotel as we had a gig in Brixton and didn’t fancy getting the last train out of London! SHOULD OF READ THE REVIEWS!!!! We arrived and things just went from bad to really bad. The front desk was a lady, ruler, and bits of paper everywhere!!! No organisation what so ever. After having our room number scribbled on to a ripped piece of paper we headed to our room on the 1st floor, luckily we weren’t on the second as the button was missing from the lift. The hotel is run down, tired and dirty. We had to climb over laundry to get to our FIRST room where we found dirty pillows, hair in the bed, cracked bathroom tiles which were loose and dirty carpets. There was also an extra bed made up on the floor which we hadn’t asked for! I went to reception and asked to…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or80-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mrs S,You pay for what you get. I've no idea how this hotel is rated 4 stars - impossible. I can't recommend this hotel. Bed is terrible. Carpets have had it as has the lift. If you stay here then just don't expect it to be remotely like the description provided or the star rating either. Sadly wish I had looked at the reviews before booking but was in a hurry and genuinely booked last minute. Only needed one night in London on this occasion - thankfully I only have to stay here for a night. ,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or80-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I Would not consider this to be a 4 star hotel,On arrival had to wait 45 minutes to get into the room Dirty carpet in bedroom Marks on curtains Shabby furniture  Cold water hot enough to scold Telephone not working Bedroom door did not lock from the inside No Iron in room as stated No mattress cover on bed On one occasion the room door not closed after maids been in to clean  Breakfast of a very poor quality,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or80-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Where is the pride?,"Oh dear. Assessed this based on 4 star and it doesn’t make the mark. Arrived 15 mins early for check-in; offered the opportunity to leave our luggage. The idea is to shove your cases along with everyone else’s in the public corridors/bar area...hardly secure so we hung around for check-in as anyone could tamper with your stuff.  Overall there is a general feeling about the place of ‘can’t be bothered’ and that really irritates me. Genuinely slip ups are forgivable, but the long term lack of care and maintenance really don’t warrant £200/night.  Public areas: damaged paint work, chipped furniture, broken plug sockets (plainly unsafe). Bug bear: Renowned high quality branded hand wash in the loo (basin unit hanging off the wall) has been refilled with cheap stuff many many times…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or80-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"The management photos look beautiful and checking into the hotel gives you positive impressions. However as soon as I opened my room door, things quickly went downhill.  The room was extremely small and dirty. The bed was stained and uncomfortable, with a flimsy, lumpy pillow (I had to ask 3 times the next day to get a replacement!).  The tea/coffee selection in the room is good, just a shame they don’t include a kettle to go with it!  The lift broke down halfway through my staff. After reporting it, I was told very rudely to use the stairs instead.  On the plus, the hotel is very near to Victoria Station, so on check out you can get far far away very quickly! ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or85-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",London visit,"I’d wished I’d check reviews before booking this hotel! I would not recommend it. The front of the hotel was inviting enough but that’s all the good that I have to say. 😑 As soon as we entered we were met with welcomed but the receptionist should not have taken a call on the 📞 phone when we arrived before the phone rang.  As a result, it did not created a professional establishment. But, the oriental receptionist was pleasant and warm.  We checked in, with some difficulty because the administration on the reservation booked our name incorrectly on the check-in list.😮Another error. We even showed her the email confirmation from the hotel reservation team. Our room was bijou and you cannot open the door fully to enter.   The decor was tired and dated. 🛏 The bed was full of…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or85-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Old an need renovation,"Old hotel, small rooms, not clean and requiring renovation, as well as bathrooms. Narrow beds with mattresses in poor condition. An elevator gets stuck on the first floor Two positive points: breakfast and hotel location.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or85-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Extremely rude staff and dirty room. DO NOT STAY THERE.,"Staff were extremely rude. I think they try to be as rude a possible so you don't go back to ask any question & you know they are not interested in helping you. We saw queues of guests complaining & asking for refunds (we also tried unsuccessfully). I saw one lady checked in & 2 mins later she went back to the front desk & asked if she could leave & get her money back. Dirty mattress, carpet, bathroom, minibar etc etc. No doubt the worst hotel we have ever stayed in.   AVOID AT ALL COSTS!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or85-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mr peter loughnan,"Dirty linen, lift broken, air con broken, toilet broken, safe broken, remote for tv with flat batteries, no mini bar as advertised, eftpos apparrently broken, so you cannot put anything on your bill or account,, bed springs sticking out and a 4 star rating!!! Why is this place not been shut down????",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or85-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Undoubtedly the worst hotel I have stayed in for as long as I can remember. Tired, dirty decor, carpets which I do not think have ever been cleaned, beds with no springs, linen and towels of dubious cleanliness did not make a favourable first impression. Neither did the guest in reception demanding a full refund when I arrived. He showed me pictures of his room which verified his complaints. Lift did not work properly and button for second floor was missing! Everything in my room was chipped, damaged or just did not work properly. Thankfully, the only exception was the air on unit. Due to discomfort of bed, woke st 0530 and after a shower where the temperature control had a mind of its own, left this establishment to find a coffee shop. Will never return, and would urge anyone…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or90-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unfortunately there are not negative numbers in the ratings.,A rundown hole run by angry people and apparently owned by cheapskate or someone too poor to maintain it.  I only looked at the stars and not the reviews when I booked this property.  Take the reviews on this property to heart and avoid a stay here.  Elevator doesn’t work. Apparently hasn’t worked for years. In our room the Head of the bed is six inches lower than the foot so we slept w heads at foot.  Mattress might be older than I am.  Old.   Avoid.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or90-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!,"Filthy dirty, terrible awful place.  Mattresses and pillows at least a hundred years old.   Truly dreadful.   Horrible staff couldnt care less.   I don’t know why it hasn’t been shut down.   Avoid at ALL costs",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or90-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Overpriced hotel in horrible condition with rude staff!,"Quick version: if you want what you paid for don’t stay in this hotel, because you won’t be getting a room, stay nor service worth a tenth of the price you’re paying!   Our experience: This hotel has a good location, 5min from Victoria UG station, but everything else about this hotel is an absolutely nightmare. We came to the hotel and once we entered we were hit by a very strong scent of a heavy fragrance (air freshener) we barely could breathe & the women at the frontdesk didn’t even look at us or greet us. First after we said hello she just said “Yes, last name?” with a not so nice tone of voice & still not even glancing at us. She was very ignorant and beyond unprofessional through your check in, and also when we checked out.  Once we got checked in we were told to go to the…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or90-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hotel,"We stayed one night in this hotel,  it is very dated and net curtains in room have not been washed for years by the state of them.  The cold tap was running as hot as the hot tap. The good thing was we did have air con in our room but very noisy. Lot of traffic rushing up and down the road. The Lady on the desk needs some training on people skills. Not very friendly welcome at all. The telephone was not working and also the Television was not working and no hand set for it. I went to reception and spoke to the same lady who checked us in and she just said all the phones are not working and no engineers to fix it as it was weekend. The tv was showing a pad lock in the top corner so no one was able to fix that either. Needless to say I do not recommend this hotel and will never…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or90-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Really poor and overpriced hotel,"What they say at their website is not true.  100% of customer recommend? Read feedback from Google and you see 100% don't really recommend them.  We paid 250 euros for deluxe room which have nothing to do with deluxe. Room had minibar, yes. But only one chocolate bar in it. Room had AC but it did not really work, room was extremely hot. TV is really poor and remote was broken. Staff was always focused on ""paperwork"" and did not pay much attention to customers. Breakfast was really simple and coffee was horrible. Bath was filthy.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or95-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible !!!,"Worst hotel in which I was, tired, run down, very poor breakfast: coffee, toast, cookies, yogurt, jam and honey, sometimes cheese. Falling plaster from the walls, the air conditioning does not work, the minibar is not completed. Very good location, 5 minutes from Victoria station",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or95-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"Hotel looked tired and not worth what we paid for. Bathroom ceiling was flaking, the buttons in the lift were missing could only go to levels -1, 1 & 3. Reception didn't seem to know what they were doing and breakfast was poor. not much options or quick to greet you. Booked through Lastminute.com wouldn't recommend and if we could have cancelled and gone somewhere else we would have",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or95-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel ever stayed in,"Diabolical stay. arrived at reception only to be greeted with some kind of over flowery waft coming through the air vents, totally over powering and cough inducing.  The receptionist seemed unsure of everything and promptly told us that they had OVERBOKED the hotel and that we had no room! we had just got off a flight, sugar levels were low! She then found us a room after 2 phone calls (on her iPhone!]  of the most unprofessional nature. The carpets were worn and frayed, there were dirt marks on all the walls, the lift did not work on our floor, no offer of help with heavy suitcases up two flights of stairs and long corridors, stains on the bedspread, chipped paint, air con didn’t work, light in bathroom didn’t work, windows were disgustingly dirty, the mattress had no clean…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or95-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",May have used to been a 4 star. In much need of an update,"Booked through Last Minute.Com. The Hotel is in alittle bit of a sad state. The management isn't great, the room was small, musty, the sheets were discoloured, wall sockets were broken in places. Bathroom was fairly decent but had traces of mold and cracks on tiles and rust in the bath. The shower had had been removed and the little handheld shower was being used instead. The mattress was too large for the bed and full of sharp springs. The cleaners tried to get into our room 3 times even though we had a DND sign and an hour before check out. Breakfast was limited but the staff were friendly.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or95-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very disappointing, please think twice! ","We booked afternoon tea at Tophams, based on the website and the fact the hotel is 4 stars (I would reserve judgement on this point until after I've actually stayed there, but after what I've experienced, this will never happen!).  We booked afternoon tea around 2 months before going. We were booked for 13:00 and arrived shortly before, where we were directed through to the restaurant by the man on the front desk. There was no-one in the restaurant (staff or guests), so we sat ourselves down on a table (the whole restaurant was set up for breakfast) and waited. At this pointed we realised at last 2 of the pictures on the website (probably the nicest 2), were not taken in this room.   Over the next 20 minutes, no member of staff came to see us; we went out to the front desk on 3…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location but in need of TLC,Stayed here one night and spent minimal time here which was good as we would have left and found somewhere else. Tired and dated with unhygienic furnishings. This hotel badly needs a refurb. We heard the receptionist and housekeeping staff moaning about guests who had spoken to them about issues with their rooms. This is unacceptable and staff require retraining in customer service skills. We returned from an evening out and asked the night reception man if we could hv a drink to which he said no as the bar shuts at 11pm. Any hotel bar should be happy to serve resident guests and they lost out on money from our group. The breakfast was okay but crockery was chipped and dirty. Teacups in room were chipped as well. Tile grouting in bathroom was mouldy and green in parts. I do not…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",In need of some love and attention....now,"On first arrival the location is amazing - 2 minutes from Victoria station and so quiet. It’s also in a beautiful building but that’s where the positives end. Rude receptionist greets (well not so much) you as you arrive. The room we had was spacious with a balcony but the TV didn’t work neither did the air con in 30 degree heat. You could feel the springs in your back as you slept but it was the bathroom that was a real disappointment. Tiles falling off, mould between the tiles, no cold water and a shower so small it was impossible to shower. The continental breakfast was a disaster - staff not knowing what they are doing and barely any food. This hotel is in need of some serious tlc and some staff training.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"Booked this hotel as the original hotel we booked informed us three days before our arrival that the boiler was broken so no hot water etc. Checking in was fine and staff (Sonia) was very pleasant. We booked a double room but when we got to our room it was a twin! Although not too much of a problem the room was quite small, dated, table lamp didn’t work, headboard was marked, bedding was clean but on further investigation the pillows and quilt were all stained! Bed was lumpy and uncomfortable as were the pillows. On the second night asked for a better pillow and although it was much softer that too was stained. Bathroom was ok although couldn’t get cold water and you had hardly any room to shower. Continental breakfast was fine. This hotel although in good location and close to…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!,"Having booked this hotel for 2 nights over 6 months ago we were shocked to be told that because of a flood in the room we would be given a room with the bathroom down the corridor. On our refusal the receptionist said she had nothing else. She rang round sister hotels to no avail. We did not budge and for half an hour it was stalemate. Suddenly a room appeared as if by magic!. On the second day we had been out since 7.30 am and arrived back at 10pm to find the room had not been touched since we had left it. The bed unmade and wet towels still in the bath. The only thing this hotel has got in its favour is its location. Admittedly, as Belgravia hotels go it was reasonably priced ( £450 if we had just turned up without a reservation) but it was tired, dirty, dated and the pillows…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"This hotel is dirty, outdated and lacking in every aspect! the room had NO cold water only hot, the carpet was dirty, the fire escape was blocked by piles of laundry bags!! (what if there was a fire?!), the 'continental' breakfast was appalling, the fruit platter consisted of cucumber and tomatoes, the only thing which was edible were the miniature croissants, the tap in the bath dripped causing the tub to be stained brown and you were unable to see out of the window due to the amount of dirt on them! This is to name only a few of the problems we encountered with this hotel, we would never go here again and would absolutely not recommend it!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bad experience,"I do not recommend it. The rooms with Moisture, rude workers. If you want a nice hospitality and some rooms like in the photos, do not book at this hotel because the bad experience is guaranteed. I hope it serves you help",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Do not book this place for afternoon tea. Hair on sandwiches; instant coffee , no tea selection.  Surroundings dirty and cracked milk jug dirty cutlery. Thought I was in a soup kitchen very disappointed",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,"This was the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. Carpet was filthy (visible dirt and hair balls), walls were dirty, lamp shade and headboard busted. We slept in our clothes and hightailed it out of there at 6a the following morning. Would never recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a disappointment,Had a two night stay . Have stayed in many a hotel in and around London and 4* this is not . Looked great on pictures and thought we would give ourselves a treat.   First impression scruffy and not a proper reception. The girl looked disinterested when booking us in . We were in the attic . Never mentioned in write up that done rooms were lift then flight of stairs. Good job we were able . No toilet roll in room and no hair dryer . Blind was hanging off the window . As we were going straight out we mentioned everything on way out . On returning later we asked if they had put hairdryer in room and they said no .  I asked again and it took 3 people to find me one . Going back to room still no you let paper so my husband went back . The cleaner woukd not let him use the lift as she…,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not recommended...,"Hotel was overbooked, I got a room but without a bathroom, bathroom was on the floor above.. Bed was old, TV didn't work, closet was almost non-existant... No desk and no room for luggage.. Small, faded room (typical for London though) which could use a paint. Will not stay here again and do not recommend.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a shambles,"After booking in things did not look to bad as we had to be away early next morning  breakfast was over looked ,alas on returning from our day out things started to come to light  ,the room had hardly been touched bed spread still on the floor no toilet paper no tea bags no shampoo or similar the toilet flush system fell away  every time it was used  if you had a shower bits of the ceiling fell on you no bath mat tiles falling away from the wall a crack across the electric shaver point in the bedroom one electric point was broken a piece missing altogether very dangerous indeed badly stained lamp shade from a leak from the floor above and the fresh towels just dumped on the bed which had barely been made the spare pillows where badly stained and no pillow cases .Now we come to…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very Convenient Accommodation,"Very nice hotel, clean and friendly staff. Very convenient to stay for roaming or exploring London. So close or walking distance to the tube, Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, The House of Parliament, St James Park, Hyde Park and even Trafalgar Square...not really far to walk. And also the bus stop is nearby. And the popular Peggy Porschen is just 5 minutes walk away.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Tourist Trap, Beware","This hotel was booked through Expedia that showed high reviews and the room was over $300US.  I believed it would be an upgrade over an average room.  Instead I discovered that the hotel was run down in the extreme.  Lumpy broken mattresses, dirty stained head boards, tiny rooms with uneven dirty floors. We did not stay in the hotel and the manager made it very clear no refund was forthcoming.  He offered concessions with better rooms and a full English breakfast as his closer line that I an certain he used an many an unwary tourist.  This is a hotel is the classic tourist trap.  Reviews on Expedia that can only be fake and I do not believe there was a king bed in the hotel or a room large enough to accommodate one.  Thankfully we did make the reservation with Expedia (even…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Time to freshen up,"Wow what an experience; I am very much the optimist and believe that everything must be given a fair go before judging. Tophams hotel how to discribe it; on first arrival we were not as much greeted with a hello rather than a “you staying here, what’s your last name? Credit card and here’s your room key” the lady at the front desk doesn’t like her job or just doesn’t like people unfortunately so this was a bit of bad way to start our experience at the tophams. We entered our room It was small and very malnourished could definitely use a new coat of paint and new carpet the carpet was stained the door hinges in the cupboard was falling off & a half drunk lemonade in the mini bar. We had just landed and wanted to have a shower we tried to turn the tap on expecting it to be the top…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Room 3 -‘Best room’ ..... NOT,"Apparently this hotel is 4 stars. As you initially walk in, it looks great and very stylish.  Staff seemed all over the place and once key card was ready we were told that we had room 3, quote,’we’ve given you the best room’. Room 3 (which was very small) smelt stale, stains on floor, damp carpet, damaged bed, broken toilet, ever changing temperature of shower, only three channels working on tv, and to top it off, stale bread to knock your teeth out for breakfast.  But if you want tasty breakfast then boiler eggs, tomatoes slices, cucumber and cheese is the way to go.  NOT RECOMMENDED",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not recommended ,"I really am not fussy, I’ll stay anywhere, but this really wasn’t that great! The lady on reception was very rude, I’m sure she kept muttering things in her own language under her breath which was rather irritating! The entrance of the hotel looked Quite nice but the room......well.....it was not! I have never seen anything so small, not enough to swing a cat! The room smelt stale and needed a good lick of paint! We had to share a bathroom which I was not aware of on booking. Good location but I really don’t recommend sorry. ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty towers but with better art,"I had a chaotic, shambolic stay, which I actually quite enjoyed because I found it so funny. On check in, the lady behind the desk was waaaay too busy with unboxing some deliveries to sort me out, but eventually allowed me to go and get changed in a small single room while checking to see if the Double that I had booked was available.  When I wanted a drink at 9.30 pm from the bar I was told to wait until the Night Porter got in with the key at 11pm. Really?  The rooms have nice wallpaper and nice artwork with an edgy, slightly sleazy-modern style which is fabulous... over not quite clean enough carpets, windows that are so filthy you can barely see out.  The staff seem like everything is a surprise. When I stayed you had to climb around a dead industrial sized dough maker to…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","great location, clean; for sure not 4*, but people -  don't expect luxury with this price!!!","peacfull street in very good location, frugal, but good breakfast ( v good coffee) small but clean room, with large bathroom. Don't expect luxury. Helpful and polite staff, but they should really improve their english.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely stay at this hotel,"A friend and I stayed at Tophams last month and we could not have been made more welcome.  The staff were very kind and friendly, our room was very comfortable and the breakfasts were excellent.  Thank you so much to everyone for making our stay so pleasant.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mr J. C. Kelly and Mr M. Carr,Booked in at Tophams so that we can both attend Buckingham Palace and have Canapés with Prince Charles. Tophams was an amazing experience. The staff were so accommodating and offered us refreshments after our travels from the Wirral. Our below ground accommodation was all that we required. Excellent bathroom facilities and the beds were imaculate but we did have to ask for milk as there was none in the minibar. They quickly supplied it in abundance with a smile! We may book this amazing place again before we travel to windsor for the Royal wedding. Our full respect to the night staff and the morning staff.  They could not have been more attentive. I have paid £25 for a security deposit and no doubt these amazing people will reimburse my credit card because I left my room…,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Horrendous ,"I was absolutely furious at the way we were treated at this horrendous hotel. A wedding gift of a red letter day voucher for a champagne afternoon tea turned into hell. We booked for one day, arrived after travelling two hours to get there, only to be told they didn’t realise we meant that day and would need to order the food for the tea. It took them 20 mins to tell us to sod off until another day. What sort of hotel that touts itself as boutique and high-end doesn’t have bread and a bit of cake? I can tell you the sort judging by the standards we were met with on the day we had to reschedule for later in the week: Another horrendous experience with staff not even acknowledging your existence and a Belgravia hotel that doesn’t have any champagne to serve you at a rescheduled…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not ever go here!!!! AWFUL,"When we arrived they did not have our booking, when we showed them the email from them, they still didn’t believe our booking! The staff were so so so rude! And spoke to you like dirt. The rooms need updating. Breakfast was horrendous, we had to ask for a plate and a cup which was received with staff tutting at us! Staff did not even acknowledge you. I wouldn’t go back even if you paid us!! To top it all off! They have charged me £25 from the card for mini bar that we did not even touch! When I rang them up she told me that I was wrong and that they did not do this! Having arguments with someone who is rude and telling me that I do not understand my own bank account, just finished off the experience!! Still waiting for a refund. Please, whatever you do.......don’t bother with…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Convenient location, poor quality hotel","This hotel is only a few minutes walk from Victoria train and bus/coach stations. It is also a short walk to business venues such as the Nova Complex (5 mins) and tourist atractions such as Buckingham Palace (10 mins).The road onto which the hotel faces is not too busy and noise levels are quite low.  Check in was efficient if a little curt. The receptionist was dominted by her manager who tried to get her to process me faster, despite there being no other guests waiting to be served. My room was paid for by my employer but they insisted on my leaving a deposit ""as insurance in case I took anything from the minibar"" (Is it still a minibar if it just has crisps, water and Sprite?)  The rooms are pleasaantly decorated if a little scruffy around the edges - scuff marks on walls and…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location and building,"Receptionists Karim and Sadie were helpful and friendly enough. Yes, the amenities and decor are a bit tired, but location is in top 5 in London (more for business) and a great traditional building. You wouldn't expect the feel of a Premier Inn etc.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Rubbish - go somewhere else!,"Great location, but everything else was awful. Staff were rude, room hadn’t been cleaned properly and the furnishings were shabby. The shower door fell off but at least that gave us a laugh. The takeaway cartons that had been dumped outside the window in the gulley were nauseating.  TV didn’t work properly and the wi-fi is free because it’s rubbish. The breakfast was edible but was just about adequate. All the public areas were very shabby and run down, it would make Fawlty Towers look good. Had to give it one on rating because none or minus wasn’t an option.  ",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Go Somewhere Else,"Simply the worst hotel we have ever stayed in bar none. The room was booked through Lastminute.com and on arrival we were greeted by THE rudest and abrupt Receptionist imaginable. She said we weren’t booked in and barked at me asking if the booking was in my name and I said yes. She then looked at my partner and said to me ‘is it booked in her name’ at which point I pointed out her rudeness. We were offered treacle-like coffee and were then approached by an equally rude member of staff who advised us that Lastminute.com should not have accepted my booking at £125 for the night as the rate was £250. We were eventually and begrudgingly offered a room which was simply dreadful. The TV did not work, there were 3 hangers in the wardrobe, rotting windows, takeaway food cartons dumped…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I've seen better... ,"... This place is not recommended. Staff is rather direct, unfriendly at times, place seems really worn off. We stayed for two nights but it didn't really appear that our room was cleaned by housekeeping. Pretty pricey for what it is. ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible,"Terrible! The very first thing you are confronted with is a very rude abrupt receptionist who just thrust forms at us saying “sign here”!! The hotel is very tired and run down in dire need of a face lift. The room had no coffee except decafinated coffee. We rang down to reception and asked for some “normal” coffee, and eventually someone came up with decaf coffee again!! The wardrobe door was hanging off with broken hinges. The water was boiling hot and it was difficult to get any cold water, so we were unable to have a shower as we would have been scalded. Very poor considering the area it is in. Would definitely not stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shabby and grubby,"The most irritating thing about this hotel is the owners think it is acceptable to sell rooms in such a poor state. I can only assume they have never actually stayed in a hotel themselves and therefore have no concept of standards or maybe it's just contempt for the paying public. Dirty lamp shades, grubby carpets, damaged walls, bathrooms that not only have seen better days but would also benefit from a deep clean, I actually wiped ours down with anti bacterial wipes as I could imagine them cleaning everything with one cloth. Breakfast was a joke, service was hit or miss a couple of ladies were vaguely friendly but not all and one man stomping around the place with a surly expression gave us dirty looks, I thought he was a disgruntled guest, until I realised he actually worked…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",40th Birthday,"Belgravia may have been the location, but seen better standards in Bridlington with a sea view. My other half wonderfully expected to treat me for my 40th rather than the usual ‘travelodge’s and premier inn’s’ we are used to for our weekends away for concerts. Twice the price for......ripped divan bed, broken electric sockets, water stains on ceilings, carpet stains, broken lamps, dust everywhere, something that looked like chewing gum in the air vent (with numerous cobwebs), poor customer service, £15 for a continental breakfast which was nothing but.....not even any orange juice. No cooked breakfast in sight (even if you offered to pay extra). They even took a ‘returnable deposit’ of £25 ‘just in case you raided the minibar of a Fanta, mars bar or water’ (there was no water in…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely horrendous,"This was THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I booked it at the last minute and hadn't read the reviews on here (which I normally do). I moved rooms three times, and even the final room was so awful but I had to go to a work event and just did not have time to waste any more time.  First two rooms were in the basement. Stains on carpets, broken windows (in the basement!!), cracks on walls, chipped furniture and doors. Very very old showers and taps. In the final room the headboard was all ripped, and there was something hiding a stain on the mattress. It was just absolutely awful.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor Poor Poor!!! ,My first room was awful....peeling headboard...dirty carpets....chipped walls...I was going to persevere BUT no hairdryer. Called  front desk and they delivered a broken one?! As this point I said NO this is not good enough. They have but me now in a twin room...the mattress is stained 🤢 I have no choice I have to stay in this nightmare for two nights 😭 I will never stay here again...how can they charge £400 a night for this...A premier inn is nicer than this....,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",In need of a makeover from customer service to housekeeping,"We stayed for two nights. We had issues straight away at the check in process, having to wait for a couple to be dealt with by the solo receptionist who simply waved us away. Very rude! Room was tired and the carpets where very dirty on arrival. Bedding did not look fresh, more like used, pillows were thin, decorative golden cover at foot of the bed was outright dirty and the mattresses (two single not properly kept together) was like a bed of nails. Also some levers were missing on the taps and cracked tiles in the bathroom. Housekeeping consisted of straightening the bedding but no new towels, simply folded them. We had already mentioned the cleanliness of the room but this was not addressed by housekeeping between the two nights. Rubbish was also left all over in the…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dirty and Dire need of refurbishment,"Room in dire need of refurbisbment; paper thin pillows, mattress like a bed of nails and exposed wires in a broken electrical plug. Highlight of the stay was a waterfall in the bathroom when the guest above had a shower - the water stains and peeling paint on the ceiling suggest this wasn't anything new, staff didn't seem to care when we reported it on checkout.   It is in a good location however.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay away! Spend your money elsewhere.,"Either this was an early April Fool’s joke, or just a horrible joke- this four star hotel is anything but a joke.   I have stayed at two star hotels better and and much worth the money for than this place.   The reception and elevator smelled of a musty scent that was quite unpleasant.  The receptionist was not welcoming at all, very unorganised and had paper work scattered all over the desk.  Not even a “welcome” was heard from her, she told us to have a seat and proceeded to ignore us for a good five minutes- even taking the time to check her phone, and chat with a colleague.  When asked for my card for the booking confirmation she tells me of a £25 deposit- unheard of until now, there was no mention of this on the hotel description or booking previously. I asked if it was…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The most horrible hotel I’ve stayed in and i have been to Sudan,"See photos: Reception: deplorable, incompetent and RUDE WiFi: doesn’t work, keeps breaking and slow at best  Beds: dirty, bed springs broken Furniture: old and neglected Bathroom: dirty and the flush doesn’t hold water.  Heating: works if you can bare the smell For $300 a night, they don’t even provide a dental kit(even when you ask for one), let alone any other hygiene items ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Ok, but tired and  underwhelming breakfast","We stayed 17th and 18th March. Receptionists that booked us in were lovely and helpful. Room was ok, the furniture had obviously seen better days, the wardrobe was particularly knackered. I think the most disappointing thing was the breakfast on both days; I'm glad I hadn't paid the £14 for the continental, which , along with the service, was as depressingly underwhelming. I don't necessarily expect fanfares and town criers, but a simple smile and lighthearted professionalism to make us feel welcome and comfortable goes a long way; something that was sadly lacking in both the staff. It all felt a bit like we were an inconvenience, no coffee refills offered, half cooked toast received. It could have been all so much better. I'm only glad we paid the discounted rate, I would have…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Base for London sight seeing,"We stayed for one night, we were located on the top floor, the room itself was fine, the hotel is extremely old, but that only added to it's charm, next to Victoria station so ideal for getting around London. We didn't pay a high room rate and for the price we got exactly what we expected, all the staff we met seemed friendly enough, if you want Luxury in London you have to pay for it! To many expect too much for the price you pay",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers is back!!!,"Receptionist was incompetent, extremely slow and her customer service was deplorable as she mainly communicated by hand gestures. The process of checking in was especially eventful, regardless of the fact we had a booking confirmation we were told one of us had to go to another hotel as seemingly an issue with rooms. After being forthright regards our booking miraculously our rooms were available to us!! The shower was broken as had to position myself at an angle to catch water meanwhile the breakfast was shocking basically a couple of slices of toast. The only missing part of this shocking London Hotel Stay was that Manuel didn't appear to take my bags to the room!!!!!",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a dirty and neglected place!,"This hotel is located perfectly, right at the center of London .  It´s a very small hotel with carpet floors in rooms (as usual in London), narrow corridors to go to the rooms ....  I had already read about the interior of the rooms but I thought it would have been solved ... The size of the room is acceptable but the mattress is extremely limp and had no mattress cover; the curtains are dirty with big spots and many bumps on the walls. It was really difficult to have cold water if you want to wash your teeth as both cold and hot taps were too hot in sink and bath.  The breakfast is ok and the staff there is really nice . I won´t be back in the future although I have to travel to London once a month .",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Fin beliggenhed, rar betjening, elendigt værelse og ingen hjælp.","Febr. 28th I sent this email to the hotel - today, March 9th, I haven't heard a word from them:  *To the manager/CEO  Dear Sir/Madam,  We stayed at your hotel from Febr. 20th til 23rd. On arrival we were given room 207, which is extremely cramped and with stairs down to wardrobe and bathroom. We asked for another room and had to pay an extra 100 pounds to be upgraded to room 204. That's when we felt cheated the first time.  But nothing seemed to be working in the room, and we immediately gave the information to the concierge in order to get it fixed. The staff was friendly and smiling, but nothing happened - that's when we felt cheated the second time:  - Tv couldn't switch on, later switched on at random (three staff members came over the three days, trying to fix it, but…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointed,I booked here for a few days with a friend. Before leaving for London we looked at the photos of this hotel and it seemed us nice but when we entered the room we found many damaged objects. The pictures don’t reflect reality. However the position is excellent. ,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",If I could give 0 stars I would!,This place is terrible!!! Stay away!!!!  They had no heat (and it was in the middle of winter and below freezing) and our first room stunk like sewage.  We were supposed to stay four nights but we ended leaving after two because it got so bad.  The staff is either very unfriendly or doesn't speak any English.  Do yourself a favor and don't book this hotel--you will regret it if you do.,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointed in humanity. Don't risk it.,"I feel the need to exploit those that make decisions based on their 'terms and conditions of booking', instead of making a 'human' decision that  affects another in their time of need.   The laughable excuse of transferring our booking to anther date is certainly something I will never entertain with this hotel, if it was the last place on earth.   Disappointed with a human beings decision to quite obviously focus on bagging money from well-natured visitors.   I have many friends working in the industry who have advised this is quite simply one of the worst experiences they have heard.   Don't risk it. Get a better place who will treat you with dignity.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a disappointment!,"Really disappointed with this hotel. The location is perfect but the glossy professional photos are selling a lie.   We booked our one night stay the Tophams via Booking.com based on the great location – it’s very close to Victoria station and we were in London to see Wicked, so the hotel was perfectly placed for us. The photos also looked fantastic so we thought we’d stumbled across a little hidden gem.   As mentioned, the hotel is just a few minutes from Victoria and from the outside the building is stunning. The reception area was very basic, one table and a fairly basic checking in system, luggage tags were simple, hand written stickers with just the date written on them.  We checked in easily and made our way to the second floor – the lift was out of order so we lugged our…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Charming!,"The Victoria station is nearby, as is Ian Flemming's old abode, a little convenient store, and a few small restaurants. We didn't eat there, but enjoyed their coffee station within the room. We had to climb many narrow stairs to get to our old room that must have been staffing quarters long ago. It's in a clean, nice part of town. I would stay there again. The staff was very nice, though we didn't need much. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dont come here please,wow Im not a hotel hater but really? no way to explain how crap this place is. grumpy staff. stained carpet. food stains on the wall. aircon not working so given a bloody column heater. the web images are a con job like you would not believe...run people run...to the nearest park bench. Ive stayed in in crap hotels around the world but never felt so ripped off......oh by the way dont stay here,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs serious refurbishment,"When we first arrived at the hotel, there was nobody at reception. When a member of staff did show up to check us in, it was an awfully slow process due to the fact they still have the paper check in documents rather than a computer check in.  The room really wasn't bad but there were some notable issues with it: 1) most of the furniture was scuffed badly.  2) the room was really cold. We seemingly only had an option for cold A/C rather than heat.  3) the springs in the bed were absolutely all over the place and broken. You could feel every single spring in that bed and I'm technically underweight! Seems like they haven't purchased new beds since the place started... 4) shower was a bit limescaley and grimy, with the shower head itself being cheap and cheerful. 5) there is no…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Laughable.,"We turned up and nobody was at reception to welcome us. We soon heard the receptionist talking loudly on her mobile phone but, after making eyecontact with us, she proceeded to have a personal conversation and ignore us. At least two other staff members appeared and also blanked us, before one eventually gave in and tried to help. She could only do so much without the receptionist though so we were left waiting for our room key.  Eventually we ventured up to our room in the broken lift. According to the sign, it was not a health and safety risk, but it may stop unexpectedly and leave passengers half way between floors - not ideal. Apparently it was a recent issue but the dogeared sign suggested this might have been going on for some time. We decided to take the stairs for the…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ripped off so cancelled booking,"Booked a room for circa £60, they took £225 from my card and then refused to refund it because ""the manager is on holiday"". Then they hang up... jokers. I went to Booking.com who couldn't help and have had to lodge a disputed transaction with my bank. So basically wasted hours of my time.",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Holiday through UK.,"Hotel was average for a standard budget room, shower head constantly leaked and towel rack heater didn’t work. Hotel staff were nice enough, if you want a localised hotel and all you need on a budget this will work for you.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs an update!,My family and I stayed at the Tophams when the original hotel that we booked was unlivable.  We arrived in the middle of the night.  The  rooms were clean.  The bathrooms needed an update.  The front desk person was great and showed us a couple room options before we committed to actual rooms.  She found a place to order pizza from at 2am and gave a us a reasonable hotel rate.  The location was close to Victoria Station which made getting around very easy.,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid at all cost 4* no way more like faulty towers,"Wish I had checked reviews, booked triple room on boonking.com on arrival at check in time 2pm with my wife and 15 year old daughter we were told the “room” and I use this term lightly wasn’t ready so the three of us waited. 30 minutes later we were given a room on the 4th floor * lift broken* after walking up 3 flights of stairs and climbing a 4th very narrow steep staircase to the top floor we were presented with a box room with 1 double bed with about 30cm of room around it and a gloomy corridor that led to a bathroom that was full of broken tiles and still not clean. I returned to reception to explain we booked a triple room as clearly three of us checked in I was advised we would be charged £50 along with a £25 security deposit for a z bed ,we paid this as would have lost…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Stay away from this place - will extra charge on arrival, horrible beds and the list continues","Well first of all – so I doesn’t sound like we are just complaining to complaint – both me and my wife have been travelling more than 200+ days per year for the last 5 years, primarily in eastern Europe, Asia as well as Russia. From that we learned that 4 star hotels has what we expect and for same reason we chose this hotel – expecting nothing less. What a disappointment! First on check in they told us we booked a basement room!! Which we would never do since I am asthmatic – secondly in the Danish version it says (translated back by google) ground floor – NOT LOWER GROUND FLOOR.   Secondly arriving to the room, we noticed the following immediately; Worn down room – please see photos attached here. Bed is so soft you can feel all the springs in mattress (got a chance to check…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great hotel,"I stayed here for a few days with my daughter and it was great. Easy to walk to attractions and the couch/bus/train stations. Service was good, they were very accommodating with holding your bags before and after check in so we could do more site seeing.   Room was a nice size and the bathroom had a great tub, perfect for soaking after a long day of walking around London.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not the best but it was OK!,Me and my partner stayed at the Trophams hotel on for a night on the 22nd-23rd of December 2017.  The hotel from the get go wasn't awful but it wasn't the best. The reception staff were ok. They are a bit slow with the booking in process as it is all paper as opposed to computerised. We were i room 403. We left our bags in a bar area that wasnt really secured but we came back 5-6 hours later and they were fine.  The reception lady was lovely but told us we'd be better of walking to our room.. Our room was over the other side of the building and when we finally got to the room we saw a lift just down the corridor so i was a bit annoyed by that. I know from reading previous reviews that they have issues with the lifts but they were working while we were there which was a bonus.…,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not great,"What can one say and where does one start? Let's start with the positives: it's close to Victoria tube station. The room was hilarious. Firstly I was told to press the down button on the elevator, so my room was technically a basement room. It was supposed to be an upgrade! The paint in the ceiling was coming off. This was especially noted in the bathroom which was technically placed under the pavement outside. The paint was coming off and would land in the sink. The paint is also coming off in the shower cubicle. My view outside is like a prison cell with bars that I can see and feet walking on the pavement. It also says it has a restaurant but technically it doesn't serve dinner as you have to order food from outside, so it's really a breakfast room. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Not Good,Very disapointed","I would not recommend this Hotel, reception desk personal very abrupt, Lift not working properly i got stuck between floors with the doors open. Room very cold with only an electric fan heater to warm the room. When checking out couldn't get down to reception as the lift was still playing up,and couldn't find the staircase to reception.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Sacrifice Comfort for a Great Location,"The hotel itself is old, run down and our room was incredibly small. It appeared to be clean enough but I couldn't help but look under the covers before crawling into the old, sagging bed each night. They also used some very strong cleaning spray or odor spray. We kept a window open most of the time. Luckily, we didn't spend much time in the room. However, the worst part of the entire experience was check-in. We waited for 30 minutes before it was our turn. Leading up to that staff was helping one other group of three ahead of us. They didn't seem to have a computer system to help them organize bookings. Three other patrons came down to the desk with issues in the same timeframe. Once it was our turn to check-in, they only had us down for two of the six nights I had booked us…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",My nieces 18 th birthday present,"I booked this hotel as part of a package. Yes they need to give some areas a lick of paint/diy but our stay was fabulous. The staff were amazing. Yes we had to wait a little while to check in (about 10 minutes). Our room was available straight away despite arriving a little early. We received afternoon tea as part of the package and it was lovely. We had a full English as part of the package and this was amazing. The staff from reception through out our stay and could not of been more helpful. Our room was located on the 3rd floor and the lift was working. On day one we chose to have a continental breakfast which gave a large choice, on the day two we had the full English which was cooked to order, plentiful and red hot. I was concerned initially as after booking I read some…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Horrible, unpleasant hotel!","Arrived early, waited for them to find our reservation in their stack of paperwork (they don't use an electronic system), signed the check-in document and were told to come back after 2PM.  We had to stow our luggage in the unsecured bar.  Returned at 2PM to find they couldn't locate the paperwork, so had to do it again. The lift wasn't operational, the room was dingy, cold and musty.  The carpets were filthy, the bathroom tiles were cracked, the TV remote didn't work, there was no hair dryer, the kettle had a short in it and there was no whitener for our tea.  The continental breakfast was decent though, and the coffee was good.  We found the staff to be helpful, but unprofessional.  We don't mind paying a higher rate to stay in Belgravia - this hotel is in a perfect location -…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not good,"Location from Victoria station is great but other than that a total nightmare. On arrival we were given a room by a very undertrained receptionist at the back of the hotel which was small, cramped and the carpet and curtains were badly stained. The two twin beds were so close together they made a superking and the bathroom door could not be opened properly as there was not enough space. Bedding and towels were clean but there was no valance or mattress protectors on the bed and they were also stained.  In the bathroom the sink was cracked and on trying to use the shower the control handle came off in my hand. View from the window was of a small courtyard which contained a Zimmer frame and other rubbish. Why I complained to the receptionist that I was not happy about the room she…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",All right for a short stay,"OK accommodation for a lower price (in London). The cleaning could be better, the bed could be more comfortable, and heating in the bathroom would be appreciated. But it was OK for a short night - I would not like to spend here longer.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs updating NOT 4 star,"Stayed for one night.  On arrival asked to sit in the lounge where I met another guest who had been waiting 90 minutes for his room.  After 30 minutes asked the lady about my room.  She checked her list on piece of paper and could not find it even though I had their confirmation email.  She made a phone call and offered me coffee whilst I waited.  Booking eventually found so went to my room on the first floor to find I had not been cleaned from the previous quest.  Back to reception for apologies and given room on second floor.  Problem now is the lift will not stop at the second floor so you have to step up about six inches on the first floor to get out of the lift then climb the stairs to the second floor. There is a sign in the lift saying ""Please mind the step."" The room was…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting   ,"any of my friends ever use trivago and hotelquickly please be very weary.   I booked a hotel in London a few weeks ago.    The Tophams hotel Victoria.   On arrival at the hotel I was told that no booking had been received.  After me showing them my booking and payment taken. I was still informed that no booking had been revived.   The staff at the hotel said she maybe able to find me a room.   After 20mins i was shown a room.   It was not within the hotel but a blank door down the street.   (See photos attached )   it was from a luxury room witch was booked.  I informed the staff at the tophams the room was disgusting and was not goingbto be stopping here.    I have not just been advised by hotelquickly that no refund will be given.     Please please think about using. Trivago,…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Two nights in Belgravia,Room space adequate BUT safe was locked and staff had lost the key to open it. The cold water was tepid and tasted very salty and could not be used for making tea or coffee. I had to use a bottle of water from the fridge at a ridiculous charge. The shower and bath fittings were broken and the bath could not be filled. There was a constant drip from the faucet. The lift had a fault and could not align to the exit floor which created a dangerous step. There was a loud argument between the staff at the limited reception which was embarrassingly public. Poor hotel in a nice position but very much in need of updating. Definitely not a 4 star property as advertised,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",double charged - 3 weeks on still no refund in sight,"I've stayed in this hotel twice now and while not great it is ok for the what you pay in that location. The rooms are usually pretty small and aged with peeling wallpaper in places, grouting missing in places between bathroom tiles, the shower door not closing properly and other things like that. They have always been clean and warm, though. The breakfast room is very small for the size of the hotel and if other guests don't care that someone is waiting you can be in for a long wait. When we asked the staff if we could eat in the bar area instead, they said we had to wait until a table was free.  At my last stay I had to make a change to my booking for which there was a link on  my confirmation email. I had booked a room for 2 and all I did was adding my husband's name to the…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No volveré jamás.,"Pongo una estrella porque no se puede no poner ninguna. Hotel viejísimo. En la reserva ponía dos adultos y éramos tres. Al llegar, ¿su respuesta? Que me dan un plegatín, además ROTO Y CUTRE, con los alambres salidos y con un contractura en la espalda. Ni si quiera el colchón que me dieron se salvaba, dos colchonetas cutres y sucias. Una estancia incómoda, con personal antipático y sin solucionar lo de nuestra reserva.  No volveré jamás.   Habitaciones pequeñas hasta para dos personas.  If I could say something about this hotel I'd say...HORRIBLE.   In the reserve I had two adults and we were three . When we arrived, their answer? That they give me a fold, in addition BROKEN AND sleazy, with the wires left and I have a contracture in the back due to this. Not even the mattress…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Quirky, friendly, a pleasant stay","Tophams is a quirky little hotel with plenty of character. We were concerned at a number of poor reviews here and can see why, it is a little faded and could do with some solid capital investment.  We found the room to be perfectly acceptable and comfortable, however, with decent facilities and plenty of hot water in the bathroom. Staff seemed brusque on arrival but I suspect this was more a cultural confusion as, when we engaged them in conversation, they were friendly and helpful.  Food was interesting as it seemed it came from a sister hotel elsewhere but it arrived hot. It was Persian and delicious.  We visited on a gift voucher so cannot comment on whether it is value for money, however our stay here contributed very positively to a fantastic 24 hours in London.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE,I was put into the 'annex' building which is an overflow building a few doors down. This room was disgusting. I tried to complain but it was 10pm and the best they could do was to give me a free pair of bathroom slippers because I refused to walk barefoot on the carpet. DISGUSTING ROOM.  There was a flee in the bed and the electric heater on the wall was covered in a layer of dust so obviously I froze. I would rate this room a -2/5 I complained so they 'upgraded' me to a 'top' room for the second night. This wasn't much better. ALSO DISGUSTING!  I have uploaded pictures but it's a Disgrace that this hotel can pretend to be a 4*. I rank it overall at 0*,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Rude and Inefficient staff,"Be careful of this hotel.... I paid for my parents to stay here for a weekend and they loved it (albeit given a key for someone else's room, and the other guests happened to be in the room... thankfully fully dressed). I was about to go online to leave a review when I thought I would check my CC statement. It turns out they had taken the amount twice from my card. It took me a month to notice, my bad.... but they should have been able to spot this when allocating payments. I'm a Financial controller for an SME so I know how the system works. Anyway, when I called to request the refund, I was told this would be passed to finance and it would take 5 days for me to get it back, but to confirm I would get a call. I never received a call. So I chased and was told the accounts team…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Abismal attitude of staff,"As a footnote to my earlier review, the management commented on my complaints and stated that I had threatened to give a bad review unless I get a free upgrade. This was a total lie. I requested an upgrade, which I paid for but I made no such comments about reviews. The whole attitude of the management stinks in my opinion. The hotel is in a grant location and could be fantastic if it had a little investment in the fabric but most importantly in the staff. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disaster,"Big fraud, advertised  rooms are in the basement,  the smell the view and no signal. UNBELIEVABLE  After I refused room in smelly basement, ""receptionist"" offered me upgrade for extra £50. I refused and she was bargaining like we are in some car boot sale. I couldn't believe. No welcome, no smile no basic curtsey. She was rude and unprofessional. My upgraded room was slightly ""better"" with scruffy lamps, stained ancient carpet, the worst oldest mattress ever etc etc Not much better breakfast,  stuff don't speak English,  lift out of order. The whole experience left bitter taste on my mind instead of enjoyment with my boyfriend  Never again",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid this unsafe hotel with rude staff!,"I am currently sat in reception arguing with the receptionist about the state of our room. We booked through Laterooms, and therefore the hotel would not refund us. The room we were given is a lower ground room, and quite honestly it was atrocious. It has mould on the walls, smells of damp, has unfinished plastering and decoration and electric sockets hanging off the wall. The PAT testing on some equipment was 3 years old - there are some serious health and safety concerns here. The view was not much better (see photos) and a door leading to a small access area was open and full of building materials. I explained all this to the receptionist, who has explained that I should expect mould because it's an old hotel, and that I've paid a very cheap price so should be happy with it.…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A central sanctuary,"This hotel has lots of character. I found the staff pleasant and the rooms clean but my room definitely needed some work, particularly a new mattress which felt broken. I opted for the shared bathroom option which was fine. The location is perfect, very central yet also quiet.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dissappointed,"There were not enough staff, the receptionist was extremely busy and had little time to give to anyone. We were given a Room downstairs in the 'mews' area. The room was dusty and there were broken tiles on the bathroom floor. The television didn't work either. By far the worst thing was that we were directly under reception and were disturbed by noise especially at night. It sounded like heavy furniture was being moved around all the time (obviously not, but that's what it sounded like). We could hear people running up and downstairs and people talking. We ended up buying ear plugs!! Wouldn't go there again!",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,This is a small hotel positioned in Belgravia not far from Victoria. I was given a buy a gift Champagne afternoon tea as a present for Tophams. We found the food provided to be delicious and well presented. Service was excellent. I do regularly have afternoon tea in London and the Southeast and would rate Tophams as a mid range experience. ,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Overpriced and shabby ,If you have a choice pick elsewhere staff are rude. The rooms probably nice at one point but shabby and not chic. The shower was broken and nearly scalded me. Breakfast in the tightly packed with staff not clearing tables so guests had to wait to seat down. Once sat down it was difficult to get back up as someone was say immediately behind you. Would not stay here again. The location is not great either. Only gave it one to write the review. ,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Night mare room,"Dismal, dirty and tired. The most disgusting, filthy carpet I have ever seen, no curtain on the window so street light shone into the room all night, the bathroom was disgusting, sink and loo dirty. Rude uninterested staff.  Brilliant location but would never stay ther again. 4 star what a joke",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","An old, expensive, dusty b&b with an unfriendly welcome","I can't really say that it is a hotel. the tiny spaces and the tiny rooms make it a b&b. The extremely small hall is nothing else than a small living room. My collegue found two wasps in his room. Yes I mean the insect. I was in a room at the ground floor where just a big window did separate me from the street. it was awful. I asked the owner to change my room or at least to close the windows shutter, but he made fun of me. The toilet was a toilet and not a bathroom. Further to this the price was extremely high for a place like that. The mattress was so soft and old that it seemed to sleep on a trampoline.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Victoria Stn area,"Great location, 2 blocks from Vict Stn.   Nice / helpful staff.   Problems encountered included: very uncomfortable double/queen bed; no curtains on one window - therefore quite light in the room all night; very badly stained carpet - these problems reported to management.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Overrated,"Stayed 5 nights.  Rooms very small.  Mattress blood-stained.  Insisted it be changed or would call Health dept.  TV not working properly.  Took 2 people, 2 visits, AFTER 3 requests to address issue.  Only thing going for this property is it's location - behind Buckingham Palace.  That said, there are other options.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shabby & rude,"We stayed for one night. The receptionist was incredibly off hand to us & a staff member who tried to interact with her. She basically threw the pen at my husband to sign & the poor keyboard was bashed at aggressively. She needs some customer service training. We were on third floor, which involved a very narrow curving stairs (the lift was broken) with poor handrails, Im a size 12 & only just fitted through the door. The photos on the website are not very accurate, there is patchy plaster work & painting all over. The floor tiles in the bathroom were moving & the bathroom door didn't close properly, without the fear of getting stuck in there. The mattress was soft beyond belief.  We didn't eat the breakfast, we queued to get in but looking at what was on offer, we decided to…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location- but joke of a hotel.,"To start with some positives: - Great Location... That's it. I took my other half here as a overnight stay in London as a birthday treat, having been out for tours in the day, and a comedy club in Leicester square in the evening. Upon checking in, we were in a queue of 2 people, so whilst they were being served first, we were told to wait in the bar area, which was no problem. Except, they then forgot that they had left us in the bar area. I had to remind them we were there, and then proceeded to check in. The receptionist had an awful attitude, and acted as if this hotel was the last place she wanted to be. Whilst I was talking, she would interrupt numerous times, picking up the telephone, to laugh and giggle, to whoever was on the over end. After the awful check in experience,…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great spot, average rooms","Seen a lot of bad reviews, would not agree. Room was small but did the job for the 2 nights we stayed there  5 minute walk from Buckingham palace and Victoria station, couldn't be closer to everything anyone would want to see and do in London  Staff were friendly also. Would come back!  ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Short visit to London,"Great location but very poor hotel.   3 room changes due to very poor rooms.  Head boards in 2 rooms looked like they had been attacked by cats.  Bathroom had dirty floor, tiles hanging off, extremely dirty when window blind, leaky taps and a shower that sprays the entire room. Bedroom was so small you could hardly move. Lift was still “temporarily” out of order. Very noisy other guests. Bed was small but ok. Towels were clean. I chose this as a 4 star, cheaper hotel....definitely not 4 star but thankfully cheap enough.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Corporate Hell,"We have recently had a large group of corporate guests stay in this hotel and all the feedback I have received from each of them has been extremely negative. There was complications and 2 guest were sent to stay 20 minutes away?  This is unacceptable. Apparently the rooms were unclean, noisy and also smelly. I don't know why all of these issues happened and embarrassed this company but if you are booking for clients - STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTL",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Oh dear .... Boutique style but badly needs a refresh,"Ok, start with the positives: the location is great for Central London. It is just over the road from Victoria Station but in a quite elegant street.  The  coffee at breakfast was good (though everything else at breakfast was merely adequate).  Plenty of hot water in the (tiny) shower.  The bed dominated the room, but was comfortable.  Plenty of sockets in the room and the wifi was good.   That's the good stuff but still, overall, this was a disappointment.  This is one of those hotels created by knocking 4 or 5 substantial terraced houses together.  This makes it rather poky but gives a bit of character.  I am guessing that it was last majorly refurbished perhaps 10 years ago and it is that lack of investment that is the issue.  Tophams aims for a boutique style and is…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic location BUT oh dear,"Wish I had read these reviews before booking.   It is tired and so desperately in need of refurbishment. I did not dare have breakfast. Reception on arrival was functional but not at all welcoming. I asked for an iron which never arrived - mine was missing. I would be happy to join a consortium to buy this hotel, close it for a year, refurbish and reopen because the location is brilliant! But oh dear this is not a good hotel experience.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",London holiday,"This is the most disappointing hotel we have ever stayed at. It was like walking into Faulty Towers but worse. The staff were confused at all times and arguing at the reception desk.  What can I say about the rooms, terrible. The two rooms we booked need upgrading as bathrooms are disintegrating ( shower door off hinge, tiles loose as there is no grout, bed heads are peeling and look disgusting and overall shabby.  We have stayed in many hotels all over the world and I can truely say this is the pits.  The only positive is it is convenient to all things in London. ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very tired hotel and poor service ,"The lift wasn't working so asked for a ground floor room which we got but it had a view of a brick wall and the ensuite had no window or extractor fan. There was a disgusting rotten cabbage and onion smell in the room which was heightened in the bathroom to a damp rotten cabbage and onion smell! Informed the receptionist who did nothing. Couldn't regulate the temperature in the shower, the receptionist said she'd send maintenance but didn't and as the previous review said she was chatting to her friend in her native language rather than assist. Rooms were very tired, the breakfast was the most basic continental breakfast you could have and the service was poor. Would not recommend to anyone, glad I only paid a fraction of the price as it was only one step up from a hostel ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stole Money...,"PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY THEY ARE IGNORANT THIEVES.... After booking with this company through Laterooms, which I have to say were poor also especially in dealing with this matter, Topham Hotels, decided to take another payment without permission. Basically stealing £236.60 from my account, once this matter was mentioned to the Hotel they said they would pass it to there management team, which have now taking over a month to issue the refund, which I still haven't received to date and have had to refer this matter to my Bank who are now investigating the company for take my money without permission, and clearly not refunding it in due time!! PLEASE DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"This hotel is an absolute joke, dirty and nothing working properly. It has clearly been refurbished using reclamations from a skip. Lift out of order, the bedside furniture was held together with araldite and tape, cigarette burn on the table top, stains on the carpet and curtains, tiles all cracked and loose in the bathroom etc etc, see photos. This room was tariffed at £325! To cap it off there was hot water running out of the cold taps as well as the hot taps. On complaining to the manager at reception it was verbally confirmed I would not be charged, only to find out later that they had already taken the full payment 8 days before my stay and have ignored my emails since... Tantamount to theft!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers ?,"I really felt like I was walking into a sitcom television when I booked into this hotel. We was greeted by a very abrupt and rude receptionist who definitely needed a course in customer relations . She was obviously not happy that we had disturbed her chat with her colleague, and I do find it rude to continue to speak in her native language to her colleague throughout the whole of our five minute check in . We were given no information about the facilities and had to ask about breakfast . The lifts did not work and the room key cards were also not working, I was told it would be sorted for the following morning, but they were both out of action throughout our two day stay, and apparently had been for a while . Each time we needed to access our room we had to wait for a member of…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea....,"Booked for afternoon tea with a voucher thank goodness...left at reception feeling like a lemon whilst no one acknowledged my standing there...finally got taken to the table, very hot in the restaurant asked for the a/c to be put on and nothing happened, paper napkins...definatly a let down should always be proper napkins! Tea itself was ok nothing special. Carpets were threadbare and the floors looked dirty...would not go back.  ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",If you're a bit precious or a whinger don't stay here,"Do you want location, or do you want luxury? If you want perfection/luxury then go elsewhere. The price should give away that something is amiss here. In London, hotels are expensive. This hotel is on the cheaper end of the spectrum (even thought the location is amazing) because it's old, run down, needs new staff and has nothing modern about it except for wifi which was surprisingly good.  Here are the problems: the phones don't work - even to dial reception; the lifts don't work and they put mattresses in front of the elevator to make sure no one presses the buttons (it says temporarily out of order however the signs look at least 5 years old); the furniture and decor is worn and there are marks on walls/ceilings etc; floors are uneven but that's to be expected in an old…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It wasn't that 'bad',So I had booked this hotel before reading the reviews. I know bad move. The hotel is about a 3 min walk from Victoria station. When we got that signed a few forms and was given our key. We were in 303. I had booked a double but it was 2 singles very close with a double head board. I survived. Room was nice. At the back of the hotel so quite. The stairs getting to the room were a different story. 52 step steps to get into it. All in all bedroom was good. I think I may be a lucky one. Everything worked. Furniture was abit shabby but nothing that stopped a comfortable stay. Breakfast needs improved. Luckily we got ours in our room price but i would have been annoyed if I had to pay. It's rubbish. The staff at breakfast were very rushed. Tables messy all the time. Had to ask for…,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting TIP,"Arrived with my daughter, had a booking at least 3 months before for a twin room. They said they only had a double room available. The mattress in there had feaces/blood stains on it that had been covered up with a pillow case. No mattress cover?/ Solution-""can we turn over the mattress? "" reply-Hell No!. They then showed us a twin room which 10 minutes before was NOT available. These beds and the room were no better. My daughter asked for a refund and we left and went to a CLEAN hotel/ They promised a refund but as yet my daughter has received NOTHING!.  This place is disgusting and has been for years. GM 159 please respond!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT GO HERE,"I booked this through last minute.com, got to the hotel and there was no booking for me. The manager on reception treated me like I was a piece of dirt in his shoe! No apology, nothing. He rang one of his sister hotels and (without asking me) arranged for a single room without breakfast for me. I declined this as it was in the wrong side of town and certainly not what I had paid for (I paid for double room with breakfast).  The manager continued to refuse an apology and dismissed me out of hand. I have asked for a refund, but to no avail - they are rude, unaccommodating and are liars! The story they have penned for lastminute is complete fabrication.  Steer clear of them! ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cheap and felt like it,"I can't say it was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but it had a lot of faults.  Lots of stains on ceilings, walls, blankets and furnishings.  Irregular hot and cold water to both sink and shower to go with a plugged up shower drain and spraying shower head (I had to fix the drain and shower head myself).  Some sketchy mold in some bathroom locations and a dank smell as well.  It is in a fantastic location, only a couple hundred yards from Victoria Station, easy walk to Buckingham Palace and Westminster Cathedral.  And it was cheap! I booked through a third party and paid 100/night avg. for 4 nights.  Beds were fine, we slept fine - the neighborhood is quiet, so we were able to open the window at night to reduce the odor.  It is a pretty hotel with interesting architecture,…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Badly in need of refit,Would not stay again. Room was clean and the staff nice but the hotel is really run down. Electric outlet broken (reported on first morning but not fixed when we left). This hotel reminded me of the bad old days in London when rooms were really poor.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",one night stay,"this hotel could a lovely little hotel, its in a great location and for the main part is in good condition, but the rooms are in serious need of a partial makeover, the headboards and furniture are in very poor condition, and it needs a lick of paint,  the same in the dining area, the chairs are awful and the tables need replacing or making good,,   i cant understand why the owners/managers are not sorting this out??, it wouldnt take much work to sort the problems out, and would transform the hotel in to a great place to stay,,, i wouldnt stay there again as it is, you could get a hotel in better condition for the same money,,,its a real shame !!! also the staff at breakfast could be a little more attentive,,",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Worse than Fawlty Towers, do not stay there.","Day 1 - refused the first 2 rooms I was shown as they were dreadful. The room I settled on (#201) had no shower head, 2 hot sink taps and a toilet flush that was hanging out of the top of the cistern.  One of the lumpiest mattresses I have had the misfortune to sleep on. Day 2 - fire alarm went off at 2.30 am because 'a guest was smoking' in their room.  Mentioned it to the morning reception staff, they hadn't a clue.  Items in bathroom fixed.  Day 3 - about to go to sleep when heard 'drip, drip drip'.  Looked up and saw water running down the wall from the room above.  Told reception who came up and mopped it up and expected me to stay in the room overnight.  I asked to be moved as felt unsafe in the room.  No room in hotel so they transferred me to another hotel about 20 mins…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful,"We stayed 1 night and on first getting to the room thought it was a bit run down but as it was for one night it would be okay we then discovered that the shower was hopeless, the blind was disgusting, room was hot - air conditioning noisy, cracks running down doorways, missing tiles in the bathroom, grubby carpet, exposed wires on hairdryer, plug in sink rusty, water damage to bathroom ceiling, etc..in rained in the night and we were woken by dripping - water was dripping through the bathroom ceiling! Breakfast was poor to say the least - we will certainly remember our 20th wedding anniversary London break!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DEATH TRAP!! ,"This place is the worst hotel I have ever come in contact with! I reserved a room with two twin beds. When we got there the lady at the front said they didn't have any rooms available and said they can put us in a room with one double bed, we agreed. Once we got in the room it was disgusting. I pulled back the blankets to see a pillow case under the bed sheet, weird, so I pulled back the sheet and pillow case and there was a huge blood stain on the mattress. I brought this up to the receptionist who asked if they could just turn it over. We were offered another room (room with two twin beds, not sure why this was the second option since I had reserved two twin bed room). We promptly left the hotel. I contacted the manager who didn't care and refused to refund my money. Don't…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nothing Special.....,"Fortunately, we did not read the reviews ahead of our stay or our choice may have been different. However, for the price last minute on a well known site we couldn't complain that we had a bad night. The bed was very comfortable and the room was small, but room to move around within it, expected of London really. There was damage to the rooms as mentioned in some of the reviews, but nothing major - more wear and tear in need of some TLC than anything. We definitely wouldn't rate it 4* accommodation but for an affordable night in a good location it suited what we needed it for.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN!!,"This is probably the worst hotel I am yest to stay in. The rooms were dilapidated with damaged furniture. That would be realitivly fine if the bed was not just a mat with springs poking through. To top it all off, mold in the bathroom and on my breakfast. Staff are rude and unhelpful. 4 stars can only be a lie. Booked through lastminute and the lesson was that hotels choose their own star rating.   I will never go near this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Weekend away,"First impressions looked ok. The reception area was small but staff were helpful at check in. We had to pay £25 for the mini bar which was to be refunded if not used!! Bedroom was clean and served its purpose for 1 night bathroom needs a revamp, blind was filthy to say the least and tiles needed a good clean. Breakfast was continental which was ok but the staff were miserable and not particularly helpful. When we came to check out we waited for our £25 refund but were told it would go into our bank in a week. Why could it just not be refunded back to our card?? . Overall we feel this was not a 4* hotel needs a complete revamp as it could be very nice in a good location and staff sent on customer relations training!! Would not go back!!",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We booked the hotel on a well known website and viewed the hotel website.  All looked good in pictures and its in a good location. On arrival, the outside looked fine and the reception area, although small, was ok.  They weren't particularly helpful on check in but I assumed they must be busy or short staffed.  The room was terrible, we had paid to have there best room category but it was so small (even by London standards).  The bathroom was nice and we decided to go with it.  We couldn't get the TV to work but it was late so decided to leave it til the morning.  In the morning we couldn't get shower to work so asked to move rooms (they were sure the shower worked but didn't come to the room).  Rooms were also very noisy. The room we moved to was a bit better but bathroom…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again!!,"When we first arrived, the reception staff were quite rude to us because we didn't book it directly to them. They had no recollection of our booking and was made to wait a while. We then was given our room, it was on the top floor and the furthest point away, the loft wasn't working so we had to lug out luggage up the narrow and very steep stairs. We finally got to the room and it was so small you couldn't swing a cat in there. There was 3 pillows for 2 people, making this uncomfortable. One of the towels was dirty and the window had mould on. In the hand book, it says that all rooms are equipped with irons and ironing boards. We didn't have these, I had to iron my top with my straighteners. It needed a serious up date with decoration. The paint work was awful. But as it was for…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dreadful disgusting,"We booked this hotel through booking.com for one night in July , it looked really lovely in the photographs. However we were in for a nasty surprise, first impressions was sullen unfriendly staff, toilet in reception was filthy. We waited some time to get booked in, were told the room would be ready at 2.00 so we asked to leave our suitcase so we could go out. When we arrived back we were on the top floor, the lift was out of order so we had to struggle up narrow stairs with our bags, however worse was to come, the door to the double bedroom would not fully open as the room was so small it hit the bed, room was dirty and really hot, then to our horror there was no bathroom. We went back downstairs and spoke to a very rude manager who informed us we had booked a shared bathroom…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Faulty Towers ,Arriving at the hotel we were met with a very warm welcome the check in took longer than it should as they couldn't find us on the booking sheets or the computer the gentleman went to find 'someone's to see if they had our room at which point another traveller arrived who also had a none booking the hotel receptionist returned to tell us he had a double room we could have for the night we could have a free upgrade for full breakfast and they would then move us to our room the next day - none of which happened!!  The double room was on the third floor it seems from the other reviews on here the elevator is always out of order at no point were disabilities considered! The room was nice but far too hot we reported the air con not working to no avail!  The staff although nice and…,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cute and good location,"This small hotel is perfectly situated for anyone arriving or leaving from Victoria Station, as it’s only a short walk; also easily reached via the No. 73 bus from Euston Station.   The small lounge areas are decorated with eclectic style—I didn’t have time to lounge there, but I took photos.  No lift and lots of stairs.  Rooms vary immensely, so you might want to look at more than one.  The first room I was led to had a bathroom that was down several steps.  This would not have been good for me, so I declined that room and was given 206.  I loved this room so much, I wanted to live there!  Quaint, retro décor in the bedroom, a nice desk, a view of the street; a large, modern bathroom (tub and separate shower).  Staff are very helpful.  I did not experience problems with…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very central quiet location,"I spent two nights here earlier this week. The location is excellent, near Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace and in a quiet street. My room was adequate with a larger than average bathroom and some attractive toiletries. Breakfast was continental and satisfactory - though the chairs looked past their best and would have benefitted from recovering or replacement. The staff were pleasant. However, I had made the booking on the basis that this was a 4 star hotel and it seemed to me that it did not quite reach this level - perhaps one for VisitEngland on their next inspection. The lift was out of action for the three days I was there - not a problem for us as our room was on the first floor - but three days did seem a long time for it to be ""temporarily out of action"".",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever booked,"Me and my mum booked this hotel for a one night stay. We arrived early as we wanted the day to shop. When we arrived in the hotel we stood in que to get checked in and when it was our turn we were asked to sit down, then someone else went in front of us and got checked in! When we finally got checked in the woman who served us seemed to not know what she was doing at all! We asked one of the receptionists which way the shops were and she couldn't even speak English! Quite a few of the staff couldn't! Before we left we went to the toilet and noticed it was really scruffy and wallpaper was coming off the walls! We tried not to worry as it was only a nights stay.    We went shopping and arrived back at the hotel at 4.00pm and we were given our room key. We were on the top floor and…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting,"We were going to a garden party at the palace so my wife booked this place as it was nearby and brilliant for transport links. When we arrived the hotel looked nice from the road. We asked if we could check in early which the hotel were also happy to arrange for us. So far, so good. The receptionist was very helpful and arranged for us to stay in one of the mews rooms. We went to our room and there was a distinct musty smell - we thought nothing of it at the time and although the room was very small, we were only staying for a night and thought the smell would disperse if I opened a window for our return. After a fantastic day/night we returned to our room where the smell had got even worse, when looking for the source we noticed that the walls the were beneath street level were…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A quick overnight stay,"A great location, very central. Close to tourist attractions.  Hope they can fix their elevator as hauling 20kg+ bags up a precarious top level staircase was a chore. Also cleaning staff coming in without knocking 2hrs before checkout.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting Dirty Hotel,"I stayed at this hotel recently and it is by far the worst I have ever encountered in my life. I stay in a hotel every single work night of my 10 year career spread out over London and many European cities and I have never ever encountered such a disgusting, dirty, rancid hotel before in my life.  They have on their front desk a price sheet for rooms and a single rooms starts at £375 which is complete bull. They have that there so upon check in you think you have saved money. If you had £375 to spent on a single room you would expect it to be shared bathroom! The Dorchester and Hilton park lane are cheaper than that and have a functioning lift.  Room was dirty, window wedged open with a bottleof shampoo, tv wires dangling down the wall, 1 plug socket, no paint, cheap horrible…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Should be renamed ""You'll want to top yourself after staying here""","Where do I begin??!! Daughter spent a lot of hard-earned money to see a show, which was fabulous, and then we stayed in this hellhole. Four stars???Are you having a laugh?? Hotel needs an extra letter and call itself a Hostel, and charge appropriate rates for what it ""offers"". Lift broken so walked along oven- like corridors and stairs to third floor cell of a room. Tiny, no mirror, no bin, bed so old and  uncomfortable with one cheap pillow each and damp marks everywhere. Shared facilities meant we had to walk round a corner and downstairs to very basic shower and toilet with not enough loo roll.Breakfast was rolls, plastic ham and cheese, cucumber, tomatoes. Only hot food would be the hard boiled eggs, as they had at least been cooked. Everything about it was cheap and nasty…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Dirty, dangerous, smelly","The hotel was horrible for a 4 star hotel. The rooms were smelly and very hot and the air-conditioning was very poor. The toilets were a disaster: the hose from the shower was broken causing water to fly all over the toiler, expect your body; upon flushing the toilet, you'd get water running for half an hour and, the most exciting of all: THERE WAS WATER DRIPPING OUT OF THE LIGHT BULB - yes, exactly - this is a big fire hazard. I raised all this issues at reception and they have ignored them all. The cleaning was also bad. I would come back to the room to find the clothes I had left on my bed laying on the floor. The breakfast was bad tasting and very poor in choice. They also blocked 50 pounds on my account upon arrival and have failed to unblock the amount to this day, despite…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mr,"Stayed here for a total of five nights fabulous location and very helpful staff those that you could actually communicate with due to the language barrier The hotel itself is starting to look tied needs totally re decorating and some issues in the room I was staying in need addressing like the curtains not meeting in the middle, TV not working, no cold running water in the night( running red hot) and the whole place is to hot.   Worth the money I would say not. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","The bed has so much mold, I couldn't breath","The bed was dirty and impossible to breath, couldn't sleep properly. Had to wrap the pillow on dirty clothes to rest a bit ... the mold and fungus was to strong. Talked to management, they did not have other rooms and couldn't give money back ... worst holy day ever! The bathroom is bad planned, and staff is rude.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shambolic excuse for a hotel,"Where do I start,I booked this hotel as a birthday Surprise for my girlfriend, thought a luxury hotel a show and a meal in London was going to Wow her.. how wrong could I be. The show was outstanding the sights around London amazing,but the hotel should have been knocked down during WW11 it looks the biz from outside but that's where it ends.After a long day traveling and 3 hrs watching the show all we wanted to do was get into our room and relax,when we entered the hotel the reception guys were not the friendliest and couldn't be bothered,and gave us our keys and we made our way to the room.What a shock was waiting for us,the carpet in the room was dirty and worn,the furniture had been rescued from a near by skip and the bed had all manner of DNA living on or in it.The shower…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dont be put off by bad reviews,"We stayed for 1 night.  All staff very friendly.  There is wear and tear and mismatched furniture but its spotlessly clean.  The room was small but adequate for a couple with overnight luggage.  Clean and comfortable bed.  The lift was out of order but again with just overnight luggage this was not a problem.  We had breakfast included.  Well cooked, tea and coffee top ups and more toast offered.  I get the impression that they are doing their very best with what they have and simply don't have the funds to fully refurbish the hotel.  5 minutes walk from Victoria, great location.  I would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay at this hotel - Shockingly bad!,"This is hotel is a million miles away from being a 4 star hotel. Do not waste your money!  The outside and the location look great but it's very different behind the front door.  There are much nicer places to stay in the area.  I certainly wish that we had read Tripadvisor reviews before making this reservation.  The staff are rude and abrupt, the furniture is shabby and tired, the rooms are small and desperately in need of some attention and cleaning.  Upon check in you are asked for a credit/debit card to ring fence £25.00 from your account for any incidentals.  I was given the key to room 208 on the second floor.  I opened the door to find pillows on the bed propped up against a severely damaged and nasty looking headboard.  The carpets were badly marked and the furniture…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","""Surprise afternoon tea""","My daughter booked a surprise afternoon tea at this hotel,it was a pleasant surprise lovely staff chilled atmosphere. The main entrance has a grand look with large mirrors on entering the reception area.  On the down side in the restaurant the chairs are rather worn and in need of replacing. Better lighting as in some areas it was rather dark",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Looks better than it is,"My companion booked our stay and I was surprised as much as him that it was classed as 4 stars. We only stayed one night and that was enough to judge. The reception guy was very nice and helpful, which is the main positive comment to make. The room was very small, I've had bigger in a Travelodge!  There was a kettle with cups and saucers but no tea or coffee to go with them, strange?  The prices of the items in the mini bar is absolutely outrageous ! Unfortunately I hadn't read the manual of the hotel and downed two bottles of water. Buy outside and stock up yourself. The shower cubicle didn't have a full closing door, just a partition, so when you showered, water would spill out on the floor. The mini toiletries looked cheap and again I've had better in certain Travelodges. The…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!!!,"Horrible hotel. Very dirty, neglected, everything pretty much ruined regarding spaces and furniture. Without hot water in the shower. The worst place I've ever been in my whole life, and I have experienced many hotels already (also many cheap hotels, that are ok). This is super expensive for the price: they charge the price of 4 stars and it doesn't even deserve one star. I asked for a room exchange and I stayed in three different rooms: all were horrible, very dirty. The lift is broken. They don't help with the bags. The reception guys are very arrogant and always very defensive regarding complaints. They lie to people saying that they will fix problems but they never do. They don't even try, they simply lie. They charge people when they arrive and then they refuse to return…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea for 2,"This was brought on a wowcher ticket and you can see why. Hotel looks beautiful from the outside and has a lovely grand entrance. Then you move into the restaursnt and it looks drab. Leather chairs all worn and tatty, table cloth dirty, cutlery was dirty. Cakes were lovely (Brought in not made) Sandwiches were nice and tea was in cute little pots. Waitress was nice but heard the 'manager telling her off in ear shot which was a little unprofessional.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A poor hotel and not worth it,"I stayed at this hotel with my wife for our anniversary, and the hotel is marketed as being a four star hotel. This is clearly not the case, and you appear to be paying a lot for the location, which is very convenient.   Upon checking in we were asked to provide a credit card as a guarantee and I expressly asked and was told no sums would be taken from the card without being notified.  After our stay upon checking my card statement the hotel have made charges onto the card, and when I questioned this I was told this was for the minibar, which we never actually used. Neither the manager or anyone in the hotel could tell me what the items in the minibar that we were meant to have consumed were.  I was told these funds would be refunded, and despite continuing to chase and speak…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Fraud, empty promises and incompetence","I have travelled several countries all over the world but never have i had a worse experience than the one i had at hophams London. I went there with my girlfriend with a secret of wanting to propose to her so it was important for me that the experience would be good. We arrived in the middel of the night, in the reception was another couple that had arrived before us. The man was on the phonse speaking with the police in an angry voice, clearly somthing was wrong. We were separated from the other customers to another room where they told us that our room was unavaliable. We put up with this rather unfortunate turn of events and agreed to have them transport us to another hotel. The cab got wrong directions from our hotel and dropped us off at the wrong adress and we had to walk…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",All that glitters is not gold!,"I give it a 3 because of location & price. Service, mattress and breakfast would get a 1!!! Clearly the building is kept up well. I have been in several of these London Georgian mansions-cum-hotels, and this is by far the nicest one. But...The mattress was very soggy. The bathroom was vast, tub at one end and shower at the other. But the towel rack was near the tub. This is the third place I have been on this trip where the towel rack was nowhere near the shower or non-existent. I am beginning to believe it to be a British thing...except I lived here for 14+ years, recently. There were several cosmetic issues, like chipped paint,water stain on the carpet, etc, but I overlooked these because it was otherwise very nice. The water temperature in the shower kept changing. Then I…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,Great location but the hotel feels tired and neglected. Our room was a small double which needed a fair amount of tlc to restore it to tidy. Yes we didn't pay the full rate for our room but had we I would have asked to be moved. The staff seemed stretched but were nonetheless a stronger point of this boutique hotel.  Breakfast had a good choice of hot and cold food and again the service was good. Overall feeling is a converted home to a hotel with all of the complications of narrow staircases and twisty corridors. Finally check the lift is working should you need it. It was out of operation for the duration of our stay.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Location location, location",Spending a night in London every week I have seen my fair share of this end of the market  and having read the reviews was a bit pessimistic about my overnight stay. I was however pleasantly surprised to the very point of emailing my office to say that in future this was my preferred hotel. Different people different expectations I suppose. My room was clean tidy and the shower was excellent.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not too bad ,"I was very concerned about staying here having read the reviews after booking! Bad move but I was under time pressure.  The hotel itself is on a beautiful and quiet street, great location around the corner from Victoria.  The room we had was not as bad as described in some reviews, it could have done with some minor decorating jobs and it was small. The size is to be expected for central London and more importantly it was clean.  My main disappointment was the reception, I had a finger held up to my face to silence me when I interrupted a call the gentleman on reception was having on speaker phone. I hadn't realised as I thought he was talking to me.  £25 deposit taken on arrival too seems a little cheap to me.  I wasn't offered any drinks while waiting for room to be prepared…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Excellent location , beautiful hotel , friendly staff , amazing breakfast , A+++","My wife and I stayed here for one night two weeks ago , as part of a well deserved mini break to enjoy a show and a day out in London . This hotel helped to make our break perfect ..... beautiful inside hotel , and friendly clear advice on check in .... perfect location , and after a lovely nights sleep in our lovely room , we had a fantastic freshly cooked breakfast with all we could have from cereals , fruit , croissants etc . We were also able to have our baggage looked after while we were in London , to pick up later before going home . Will definitely want to come back again .... Many thanks , Tophams Hotel .",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location!,"I stayed here with my friend one night. I booked a twin room on the first floor. The room was ok and clean but it was not sound proof, at the beginning, we could hear neighbours' voice. We were so tired after a long trip and went to sleep straight away and after couldn't hear anything. However, the location was very good for us, it was close to Victoria station, 3 minutes walk.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Superb! Location is FANTASTIC ,"my friend and I stayed here for two nights in March 2017 . There was a mix up with our booking initially however this was rectified momentarily. One thing that did confuse us was that we had to wait in the reception to get checked in as the worker took quite a while to check 3 people in at once.    Our room was ready on our return from sightseeing and it was clean and comfortable. The bathroom appeared to be a refurb and was fabulous, albeit quite cold. My friend in particular loved the shower we it had good water pressure. Staff were friendly and because of the amazing location (3 min walk to Victoria station ) We will definitely return to this hotel!!!!   Karen and Danielle ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Couple,"Wow. Safe to say would never stay there or near there again. Once we had seen the state of the room we decided not to stay and asked for a refund. The tiles were hanging off of the wall in the bathroom, the room looked as if it had not had a good clean in 15-20 years and the size of the room you could barely move with a double bed in there. They refused a refund and tried using every excuse under the sun. Then had the cheek to offer us a new room and breakfast free of charge. I would personally suggest having a look elsewhere for a hotel and steering well clear of this one. ",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Perfect location, boutique hotel with character and most helpful staff! Will be back.","I really enjoyed my stay in this hotel because of it's perfect location and unique english style and character. Quiet yet central, affordable and just feels like home. Close to everywhere and in the heart of London, hidden in a quiet square, where Victoria station is only 2 minutes walk away - you will still get your sleep thanks to the fantastic location of this hotel. I wouldn't completely base on the reviews here as I can't agree with most of them..I felt comfortable and the area is perfect. Recommended to everyone.   ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, BUT...","Super location just five minutes from Victoria train/underground, in a quiet and pleasant street. However...check-in was a palaver, with no record of my booking. I was asked for photo ID (I'm a UK citizen visiting London and my road was pre-paid, so totally unnecessary!). The lift was out of order and although they said it would be fixed in a couple of hours, it was still broken the next day when I left. Bathroom shabby, view horrible and breakfast a bit weird. On the plus side, the room had plenty of plug sockets and was pleasantly decorated.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Looks like it USED to be a nice place...,"Stayed for two nights, was very misled by the hotels photos - they must be a good few years old as the hotel is now worn and tired looking. At check in we had the opportunity to upgrade to an en suite for £60 as I mistakenly booked a ""shared bathroom"" room. I don't know why that would be desirable at all so very glad we got to upgrade. The hotel room was ok itself (as in it did the job in terms of having somewhere to sleep) you can tell the cleaners did the bare minimum but the en suite especially was surprising, the shower head was very rusted and dirty looking and the ceiling above the showers paint had started to peel real bad.  To top it all off - I had to pay a £25 deposit upon arrival which was promised back. This was to cover any charges from the minibar. We had just over…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Deposit taken in error and NOT refunded,"The actual hotel was OK, a little over priced but then this is London.  At checkin I was told Hotel had taken £25 deposit on my card by mistake and would be refunded as soon as Manager came on duty.  Repeated attempts to get this refunded have not been successful to date.  Not good enough",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location but not a 4* property,The place is tiny. The rooms are very small and not well kept. Bathrooms are dilapidated and urgently need repair. Leaky faucets. Comfortable beds. TV wasnt working properly. Location is a definite plus-very close to the Victoria Station. Ok for a few days on work/business.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nothing like the photos, this is not a 4 * Hotel","Our room was tiny and had a lot of problems which made our stay very unpleasant. The website does not mention the shared bathrooms and our room had no safe or desk. Aside from this the walls were badly marked and there was signs of water damage on the ceiling.   The aircon did not work and neither did the TV. Everything in this hotel is worn out or damaged, a serious update is badly needed. The staff are friendly but not interested in dealing with complaints.  No manager was available to take my complaint and I sent them a detailed email outlining our problems which was never replied to. This is not a cheap hotel and does not deserve 4 stars.  If I had not arrived late at night I would not have stayed there. I wish I had seen the other reviews before booking.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, BUT...","Super location just five minutes from Victoria train/underground, in a quiet and pleasant street. However...check-in was a palaver, with no record of my booking. I was asked for photo ID (I'm a UK citizen visiting London and my road was pre-paid, so totally unnecessary!). The lift was out of order and although they said it would be fixed in a couple of hours, it was still broken the next day when I left. Bathroom shabby, view horrible and breakfast a bit weird. On the plus side, the room had plenty of plug sockets and was pleasantly decorated.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Looks like it USED to be a nice place...,"Stayed for two nights, was very misled by the hotels photos - they must be a good few years old as the hotel is now worn and tired looking. At check in we had the opportunity to upgrade to an en suite for £60 as I mistakenly booked a ""shared bathroom"" room. I don't know why that would be desirable at all so very glad we got to upgrade. The hotel room was ok itself (as in it did the job in terms of having somewhere to sleep) you can tell the cleaners did the bare minimum but the en suite especially was surprising, the shower head was very rusted and dirty looking and the ceiling above the showers paint had started to peel real bad.  To top it all off - I had to pay a £25 deposit upon arrival which was promised back. This was to cover any charges from the minibar. We had just over…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Deposit taken in error and NOT refunded,"The actual hotel was OK, a little over priced but then this is London.  At checkin I was told Hotel had taken £25 deposit on my card by mistake and would be refunded as soon as Manager came on duty.  Repeated attempts to get this refunded have not been successful to date.  Not good enough",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location but not a 4* property,The place is tiny. The rooms are very small and not well kept. Bathrooms are dilapidated and urgently need repair. Leaky faucets. Comfortable beds. TV wasnt working properly. Location is a definite plus-very close to the Victoria Station. Ok for a few days on work/business.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nothing like the photos, this is not a 4 * Hotel","Our room was tiny and had a lot of problems which made our stay very unpleasant. The website does not mention the shared bathrooms and our room had no safe or desk. Aside from this the walls were badly marked and there was signs of water damage on the ceiling.   The aircon did not work and neither did the TV. Everything in this hotel is worn out or damaged, a serious update is badly needed. The staff are friendly but not interested in dealing with complaints.  No manager was available to take my complaint and I sent them a detailed email outlining our problems which was never replied to. This is not a cheap hotel and does not deserve 4 stars.  If I had not arrived late at night I would not have stayed there. I wish I had seen the other reviews before booking.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Tired furnishings. Peeling paint, haphazard breakfast.","On first glance this looks to be a chic boutique hotel.  However, with paint peeling away from the shower ceiling, mildew evident around the bathroom sealant and chairs and headboards faux leather torn on headboard and chairs it was far from chic.  The pillows were old and lumpy, one pillowcase had two pillows shoved into it to try and plump it out, all it sucked in doing is making it feel like a brick. The inappropriately small breakfast kitchen meant staff were unable to provide a decent breakfast.  Whilst they were eager to please they had inadequate staff, coupled with a confined working area, plus a kitchen that was located on a different floor.  The food quality was poor, toast was a thinly sliced supermarket own value pack and frankly was inedible.  It took 10 minutes for…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not 4 stars,"Hotel that looks nice from the outside, walking distance to Victoria Station and very well located on a quiet street. The reception is nice, a big old table with some nice old chairs and a friendly receptionist. My room did not include breakfast so I was told continental for 10 pounds as an offer (normally 15).  Unfortunately the room was very poor. There was a humming sound which would not go away not matter which switches were pressed. The walls and carpet were not clean and the bed was very unconfortable as one side had been used a lot more and would mean unwantingly rolling to that side when you lie on it, let alone feeling the dodgy bedsprings. Breakfast was not good a very  small selection, but the coffee was not bad. The headboard was flaking and the TV would not work…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay away from this place!,"I and my girlfriend stayed in this hotel in November 2016 and we strongly suggest other people to AVOID THIS PLACE. A receptionist 'upgraded' our double room with private external bathroom at the Eaton Square Hotel to another double (well, this is what she said, but it was a single with a double bed in it) room with an external shared bathroom here at Tophams Hotel.  The bedroom was tiny, poor and fuggy (please, check my pictures). There was barely the space to move around the bed. There was even a mirror lying on the floor. Walls and curtains looked dirty and aged. The bathroom was a bit dirty and without hot water.   The customer service was awful. When we complained to the manger, he replied that our room size was the average double room size in London (well, it wasn't my…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Top hams review,"Last night me and my partner stayed at the top hams hotel, and the only reason I'm giving it one star is because there isn't an option to give it zero stars out of the five. The tiny rooms echoed every noise from the hall ways (there was a lot due to how the doors slammed so easily and the stairways to the lifts made tremendous noise) the shared toilets sink was permanently full because the plug was impossible to open. The bed was horrible and stabbed us in the back every time we moved. The shower soaked more of the wall then it did me. We went to watch some Tv in the night and of course it didn't work, we called the reception and by the second try we were able to speak to someone, they said someone would be up to fix it...they never showed. The thing which was most outrages is…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very run down - avoid,"I am staying here tonight, it looks nice at reception but the room is awful. Flaking paint, dirty walls, god knows what else. The bathroom is dirty and I don't want to touch anything.  Avoid it and stay somewhere else!",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","the worst, this is not 4 stars hotel, not even close","for my life, I have never reviewed the hotel, however, I write down the review for the other customers. location is good close to victoria station but that's all. employees working in reception is unfriendly and they think they are king or queen, the way they talk is like ordering something to customer who paid for the room and service. and the breakfast has nothing to eat, even though some dishes are out of, they dont refill the dishes for customers, just saying sorry. and the heater of my room didn't work so I had to feel cold for 3 days, which I already asked them to check and fix it for 3 times, they didn't. this is not even close to 4 stars hotel. and I didnt use any minibar, later they charged me 4.5 pound which I compained it already. I recommend the other users not to…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very dissapointing considering the price,"I stayed at the Tophams Hotel in August last year and to be honest I was very disappointed.  The location was perfect for my needs hence the reason I booked a room, and I was expecting more (considering I paid about £500 for two nights, room only).  The staff at the check in desks were friendly but very slow with check in / out processes (even though it wasn't busy).  The room that I stayed in was fine size-wise, however, it was very very tatty and old.  The bathroom, in particular was not clean (in my opinion) and the showers were terrible.  I couldn't get into it as it was far too hot and it seemed impossible to turn the temperature down.  The bed linen and general décor was very dated and again, tatty.  I don't really have anything positive to say regarding this hotel, apart…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"Reception area looks welcoming. Our room very tired, bed seriously uncomfortable, cracked paintwork and cracked tiles in the bathroom, headboard seriously damaged, very noisy with guests walking around in there rooms above. Continental breakfast very poor, waitress staff grumpy overall very unwelcoming. I have stayed in 4 star hotels this hotel does not come close.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Slum would be a polite word and ignorance is rife!,"A client actually paid £352 per night for what they thought was a quality hotel, alas they had only seen the reception which was plush! The actual room was some 5 houses down and can only be described as a slum! Filthy carpets, huge water stain on the ceiling from a leak above, window didn't close never mind lock, shelf for kettle hanging off the wall, ""bathroom"" was in fact a few sheets of painted plywood with Polyfilled holes in the ""cubicle"", door wouldn't close. Breakfast was cooked, though actually burnt and the woman on reception on our checking out day, was by far one of the most ignorant people I have met! Having the audacity of charging me for the Marsbar from the fridge, simply thrust her hand out demanding ""£2""... not so much as a thank you or we hope you enjoyed your…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cream Team booked through Wowcher,"What a lovely afternoon. I booked a Wowcher Afternoon Tea at Tophams and was a little concerned as the reviews for it in 2012 were not great. HOWEVER, It was a lovely afternoon. The food was excellent and the service was first class. The staff were very kind and very friendly. We had the restaurant to ourselves for most of the time and it was delightful. There was a lovely background CD of jazz music and it made it feel very relaxing.  Could not fault any of it.   Thank you for a lovely afternoon.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent ,Arrived on Monday 12th December having got married on 10th. Was given a bottle of champagne. Room was large clean and well decorated. Spacious bathroom. Staff very friendly and professional. Could not fault it. Would definitely stay here again.  Thank you all  Garry and Freda Shaw ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Well located, staff very welcoming ","Very near Victoria coach and train station. Our room was pleasant clean, bed comfortable.  Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast on first day, staff appeared a bit stretched with number of guests. Great location with bars, restaurants nearby. 30 min walk to Hyde Park and other places of interest. Would be happy to stay there again.   ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Outstanding.....,We recently stayed in this hotel for a night. It was excellent experience. This hotel looks tired and little old but well decorated and clean. We got a room with a huge big bathroom. Hotel staff  was very helpful and welcoming. We got our room very early in the morning. We made a booking for Double room shared bathroom by mistake. But reception guy helped us to get out of this disappointment. We got an upgrade with little extra charge. Everything gone perfect.  Surely we will stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Birthday treat,We recently stayed here for a night in London for my partner's birthday and could not fault the accommodation or customer service. We found the reception staff very welcoming and our room modern and comfortable with everything we needed for our stay. Within minutes of our arrival we were pleasantly surprised by a knock on our room door from one of the hotel's waitresses who presented us with a huge complimentary tray of cakes and sweet treats for my partner's birthday. It was a lovely surprise and a nice touch by the staff. Would definately book this hotel again :-),Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",just remove a couple of stars,"Definitely not a 4 star hotel as it pretend to be, furniture are old, not well maintained and not well cleaned. Our room was small, just the bed and a narrow space to move. Breakfast was poor.  But we booked using a coupon and we stayed in the hotel just for sleeping, so we enjoied the very good position and the price (not so low even with coupon but London is not a cheap city) I also read many reviews, so i was prepered for the worst",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing,"There were a few signs of what Tophams used to be in its shabby style and décor but the reality was a tired boutique hotel that needs some money spent on it.  The staff were pleasant enough but not trained, the bar contained an empty bottle of gin and all we got was a shrug - the wine we had instead was actually quite nice though!  The bedroom was a small single with a double bed fitted into it.  The bathroom was so tiny that they could not include a proper size sink, the shower head was broken and one setting so it was a bit like dancing under the rain drops.  It was certainly too small for two people as we had to move around one another with some care.   Such a shame, it could be a gem but we won't be going back.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible,Avoid staying here. Overpriced and awful rooms. Cracked paint and stained carpets. This is a place that I will never come back to. Easily one of the worst hotel stays I've had. Absolutely not worth it. If you end up having to stay here try to at least negotiate your price.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very disappointing,I stayed whilst on a business trip and booked it through Secret Hotels.  How it got on there I don't know - can only be because of its location. Booking in on arrival was OK but after that nothing else was.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Truly awful,"I neede an hotel near Victoria at short notice for work and so 'took my chance' here. Pretty quickly I realised my mistake.  Arrived and had to wait as receptionist finished her text messages.I thought I had booked a single room with private facilities but was told that it was a shared bathroom unless I paid an exhorbitant amount to Upgrade. Room was small, grimy with no sink, bedside light, hair dryer, clock. Breakfast was a farce - A high proportion of the continental breakfast as described was there and, on the first morning, coffee was old despite being the first person in ( obviously warmed up from the day before). I complained and got a standard 'I'll speak to the manager' but nothing changed. If it was here or nowhere, I would do the 5 hour round trip home each day.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Dirty, dated and depressing room and don't respond to your complaints!","I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the Tophams hotel in central London on Tuesday 18th October. I had secured a room through booking.com and the photos used to advertise the hotel are extremely deceiving. I booked a double room and was shown to a minuscule, dirty, dated, carpet stained single room. I was extremely disappointed to discover the state of the room. However, I was willing to overlook this until I experienced a member of staff with guests entering my room in the middle of the night.   I am a young female who was made to feel very unsafe and very uncomfortable in the hotel. It was midnight, I was asleep and a member of staff unlocked my door, with other guests, and attempted to enter my room. With the room being so small my bed was right next to the door…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location and that's it - dissapointing,"Staff where constantly quarrelling in front of guests.  Rooms had damages that where not looked at.  Breakfast was not fresh and was cold at times.   The staff in the restaurant at breakfast where appalling.  Disappointing stay, not what I expected. Defiantly will not be back.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location and that is about it.,"Stayed for one night in a double room- room was small with very dated decor and filthy curtains. Bathroom had a bath and a shower cubicle- we could not get the shower hot- it started hot went cold then warm- the sink only gave out hot water from both taps! Some of the staff were friendly and helpful. Booked afternoon tea for 4pm, it was served at 4.45 and was mediocre. Breakfast was a disaster- waitress did not understand what I said-her English was very poor and again the foos was mediocre- cooked breakfast was served luke warm with awful sausages that tasted a day old. Really would not recommend staying here.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Perfect chose for my guests ,"I was looking a hotel for my business partner and he needed to stay close to Victoria. After all my search regarding a hotel around Victoria, I decided to give a chance to this hotel. I've chose it due to location wise and I'm glad I did! I was unsure because some negative reviews but what a surprise; my business partner had a lovely one night stay in the suite, he was talking all day about the hotel staffs. Apparently they were all very lovely, from reception to restaurant. Thank you all. Yes, I highly recommend this hotel for location, definitely for service and to have a comfortable night sleep. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Helpful staff,"The location of this hotel is excellent (just 2 mins walk from Victoria rail station) with good transport links to all areas of London. The reception and staff were warm and welcoming  with sweets , muffins and apples available all day. Our room was at the back of the hotel on a lower level and although the room itself was pleasant enough it was quite dark and had a smell of damp. If we had have been staying longer we would have asked to change rooms.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very Welcoming,"Having read other guests reviews wondered what to expect. We  were made very welcome in a very pleasant reception area and were informed that our room was ready even though it was well before 2.00 p.m. The room itself was a little tired with the replacement of the blind and a missing tile on the ceiling being a priority. The carpets in the room and hallway are nearing the end of their life. But the bed linen was crisp and white, the towels were fresh and fluffy and the bed was very comfortable. Our room on the back was very quiet and we slept like a log. The breakfast room was lovely and the free continental breakfast excellent. The serving of coffee and toast very prompt and cheerful. Checkout was problem free. The main problem is that people want Dorchester facilities for…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"We stayed in this hotel for two nights while touring London. Our host was supposed to put us up in his home, but that didn't work out, so we were stuck at the airport without accommodations. Fortunately, we found this gem on booking.com, but ended up booking our stay directly on their website.  Our room was well decorated, we had a flat screen TV, a minibar and a coffee maker,  the bathroom was sizeable, and we loved its proximity to Buckingham Palace. Transportation was easy, we did the hop on, hop off bus, and one night we took a cab to Hard Rock Café (okay, okay, I know- but this was the original and very first Hard Rock!)  The staff was attentive, and the rooms were great for the price and location.  Ian Fleming's residence is right next door, so there's a wee bit of history…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not good,Went with my Wife stayed for 1 night all I have to say is check the pictures I have put up only good thing is they filled the fridge up with water bottles and crisps and chocolate and fizzy drinks all free and the staff is very friendly ,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Warm champagne! ,"We booked a champagne afternoon tea. We need not have as we were the only customers. We were seated and offered a selection of tea. This was served with the sandwiches on the usual three tier cake stand with the scones and cakes. The champagne was opened and served at the same time. I would have preferred to be asked whether I wanted the champagne now or later. They turned some music on after I mentioned the silence to my husband. The sandwiches were fresh and they served the smoked salmon sandwiches on a separate plate as requested (due to my fish allergy. ) The other sandwiches were ham, cucumber with cheese spread of some sort and thick cheese and tomato. No egg and cress. Two of each all about 1/6 th of a round of bread. The scones were small. The cream was minimal. The jam…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again - worst hotel experience ever!,Absolutely terrible 3 nights. Stayed here as it was London Fashion Week and my regular hotel was full. I won't be going back. It's like walking into a time machine.  Room was tiny and in a very poor condition. Stains on carpets and bedsheets. Most of furniture is damaged and very old.  I was in room 105 - good luck getting any sleep if you are put in there. Lift shaft next door and the room creeks every time the elevator goes up and down.  The bed was a disgrace. The mattress just collapsed. Suspect the mattress is as old as the decor in the room.  Breakfast was terrible. The free breakfast you get in an Express by Holiday Inn is miles better - that's how bad it is.  No mini-bar price list in room so check-out was a pricing lottery.  They say they take a pre-authorisation but in…,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great Location, hotel needs work","this is the 3rd time I've stayed, the other 2 were wonderful.  This time, not so good.  We checked in, front desk was friendly and we were given a room. I've been on the upper floors before so that might be the difference.  I will say that although we were on the ground floor, it was not noisy...the room was not in good shape, holes in the walls, lots of dents. The headboard on the bed was badly torn in numerous places & the bed felt like it was 20 + years old. The bathroom was small, but fine, shower work well.  We were there 2 nights and when we came back to our room from an all day adventure at 2030, the room had not been cleaned or serviced. Everything was dirty and as we left it.  They did bring us clean towels when we complained, but did not take the dirty ones with them. …",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as I feared!,"Booked this hotel for a weekend without checking out the reviews - never do that normally! If I'd read the reviews I wouldn't have booked. It was with a great deal of trepidation therefore that I headed there on a Friday night in September. In truth it's easy to find fault, but that's the case for most hotels I've visited that haven't fared anywhere near as badly on trip advisor. On the positive it was clean, the beds were comfortable, the shower was very good, staff were friendly and the location is excellent, tube and buses nearby. On the downside the air conditioning wasn't effective and it was much warmer than I'm comfortable with, the bathroom was an awkward design and the breakfast was dull. On balance it's perfectly acceptable and I would use it again. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",diabolical and disgusting..,"Nice quiet street in Belgravià, on 1st impressions hotel looked lovely..At reception the usual 'speel'I read about started ""no twin rooms x2 booked"",only a triple!!..so friend showed them confirmation..Guess what our twin rooms were gone!!..so we got 'upgraded'(downgraded more like)..to the junior suite upstairs,just so we had a room that slept 4..Bearing in mind Im not related,we are friends..We were not best pleased 4 of us had too   share a bathroom..This rooms  downfall is very noticeable straiaway..wallpaper very worn in places,stains on carpet,dirty grouting   and cracked tiles in bathroom..Then we  get too the attic part of this room where I slept as the 1st part of room was a double so I had the twin bit of suite..climbed very narrow stairway to a room that had the air…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",grande accoglienza,"I arrived to this Hotel for the fifth time in one year and every time a very good welcome, same persons at the reception and very good attention and quick service at the check in. Location is very good for all central areas and very good restaurants and pub all around . For me is a very good place to stay for some business period but also for leisure..  ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasant stay....,"The hotel was booked before reading any reviews and after doing this was slightly worried as to what we would find. Need not have worried...spotlessly clean, pristine white sheets on a comfortable bed and perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. In a very convenient position for transport.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very mediocre at best,"This Hotel is amongst the most expensive in London and in return you get a very small bedroom, aircon that doesn't work, curtains that are broken, the worst shower of any hotel i've ever stayed in. and a standard double bed which is also under par. Its fairly Clean the Breakfast is ok, otherwise i would have rated it zero!!",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Judge yourself...,"This is the room I was given for 2 nights on a business trip. Despite its well located and attention at reception was quite good, continental breakfast is a 2 star hotel quality. As for the room let the photos speak for themselves...",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",NOT A 4 STAR HOTEL,"My wife and I bought a Groupon Special for a 1 night stay in a double room.  Groupon advertised this hotel as a ""4 Star"" hotel.  IT IS NOT 4 STAR.  Barely 1/2 a star!  When we arrived, one the staff walked by, and her black stocking was completely ripped and full of ladders...very unprofessional. On arriving on the 1st Floor, stepping out of the lift, we were greeted by bags of laundry  and cleaning accessories all down the passage, was a bit of an obstacle course.  Our room (No. 109)...well.. It smelt heavily of ammonia.  The walls, skirting boards, cupboard doors, all chipped and marked.  Carpet had a good number of black spots/stains (not sure what they were).  The shower, we could not work it out...as there were two tap handles, one which seemed to work, and the other which…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable,"After reading all the bad reviews I was a bit dubious about staying at Tophams but I need not have worried, it was lovely. Excellent location 3 mins walk from Victoria underground in heart of Belgravia. Staff extremely courteous and helpful could not do enough for you. Furnishings in the hotel were contemporary, new and clean. Our room 104 was newly refurbished and had a  luxury bathroom. Spotlessly clean everywhere. New chairs needed in the dining room, also chef needs to move faster as breakfast and afternoon tea very slow to arrive. Apples on the reception desk were a nice touch. Free wifi. Easy walk to Buckingham palace and Westminster, easy commute further by tube, would recommend anyone to stay here. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",overnight stay,"Was very disappointed accommodation.we had a double room but door wouldn't open very far because bed was too big for room. We upgraded to ensure,but very bad state. Slabs coming up and broken slabs by shower. Mattresses was very poor on double bed. Breakfast service was very slow. Overall very unhappy. ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",More professional..,"Stayed at the Topsham with my son as we were going to see a show... Hotel was clean and friendly but a bit Unprofessional, whilst we were there I witnessed 3 accounts of staff being told off by management witch should of been n done in private not in front of visitors and my 10 year old son!!!  We also went for a late lunch and got given cream tea as they thought we were someone ells which I let go and it was nice, then at 3:00 in the morning the fire alarm system went of for a whole hour with no reassurance from staff.. Apart from this our stay was lovely just keep on top of all the little things and this hotel could be wonderful.... Put management in different areas so that can keep things simple and special look forward to staying with you in the future to see if the bows…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Anniversary ,"Stayed here for anniversary. Got a 1/2 price deal on room & breakfast. On first appearance Room was quite nice, v small, door almost hit bed as we went in. Nice decoration & furniture. Door handle came off as we shut the door to go out but that was sorted by the time we returned but then realised door did not lock but was then after midnight so really too late to do anything about it. Velvet throw on bed had dubious stains on it as did the headboard, bathroom floor tiles were rough to walk on as had not been grouted!!  Breakfast was very Faulty Towers Didn't seem to know what they were    Doing and it wasn't even busy, we waited forever for our full English & when it arrived it had to be sent back, had to keep asking for milk & toast.... Was a bit of a joke .... Am glad that we…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I was scammed. They took advantage of my good will. Never coming back there!,"I booked a double room with double bed and a private bathroom at the Eaton Sq. Hotel which was rated 4 stars. When i got there, it was closed and there was a sign in the front door letting me know i had to Check in at the tophams hotel, right next to it.  At the tophams hotel, the receptionist told me that their accommodations were better and that they offered me to stay there at the same Price. It was 10 am and the Check in was possible at 2pm so they offered me to keep my luggage if i was taking their offer.  I checked in at 7pm at the tophams when i returned. They had given me a single room with a single bed with no bathroom in poor conditions. As surprised as i were, i went back to the lobby and asked them to show me the Eaton sq. Room i had booked previously online.  An…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location let down by quality of hotel,"To start with this hotel is in a fantastic location, less than 3 minutes walk to Victoria Station. Couldn't really have asked for better. The staff were lovely, maybe a little to keen in the breakfast room at times but all the same, the welcome was great and they were helpful. However, Firstly I am very glad that I booked through laterooms as on arrival an advertised price of over £400 per night is unbelievable for such a poor hotel.  We paid £231 for 2 nights on the bank holiday weekend. We had room 207 - beware of this room..... The views of the rear of adjoining properties with very noisy air conditioning units outside and a flat roof covered in fag butts and rubbish underneath a very unsecure window was not something to be desired. Also, on looking around the room I found…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Glad we didn't pay the advertised price,"The hotel is in a fairly quiet location which was good for us, however that's pretty much where the positives end.   The double room was small, badly kept with poor air-conditioning and no ventilation in the bathroom. The wall in the bedroom has had some redecoration started but the filler, although sanded smooth is still not painted over and therefore leaving white marks on any clothing that gets close to it.  The bathroom was provided in a clean state but with just shampoo, bath gel and a hand soap provided I would not call this 4-star.   I am yet to find the hair-dryer in the room!   The full English breakfast was included in our package and was nice, but there is obviously a shortage in staff, as well as glasses as on a busy morning there were no clear tables and no glasses…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay,"This is the second time I have stayed in this hotel over the past month and I can't wait to stay again! The staff are so friendly and always take great care of you. The rooms are decorated beautifully, the food is lovely, location is perfect and the entire stay from beginning to end is stress free and welcoming. Can't wait to be back again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Our London trip ,"Great hotel unreal deal from groupon 10 min walk to palace 30 min into Covent Garden, parking a walk away from hotel. Not tried the breakfast yet but up to now all good..😊 would recommend rooms are clean not really big but big enough. Nice little bar for drinks.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs refurbishing but good location,"We booked this hotel through Superbreak for 2 nights. The room we were given was Mews 4 which is below street level. The room was a decent size with a TV, tea & coffee making facilities and a decent size bathroom with a separate shower and bath. The rooms do need a complete overhaul as there was an awful lot of wear and tear. The bathroom was in need of re-tiling and grouting and the shower only produced very hot water so was virtually impossible to use. The beds were freshly made on the 2 days we stayed and were pretty comfortable. Breakfast was busy but the croissants ( we had the continental breakfast ) were the best we've ever tasted and endless amounts of delicious coffee were supplied. One thing we did note was that the noise from the room above us was constant as the…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Brought through Groupon so dinner and breakfast was included. Def not a 4* hotel. Menu was very limited only had a choice of 2 starters and two mains which had been printed wobbly on a piece of paper. 55 mins for the starter of pitta break and dip. Dinner should of been lamb stew but was 3 bits of lamb with rice that was hard, also took 20 mins even though we asked for it at the same time as the starter as it took too long. Asked waiter if it was microwaved and he said probably! Dinner wasn't edible so ate out. Breakfast should of been brought to our room but got a call from reception stating I should of called the chef lol, missed breakfast cause of this and they wanted us to check out. Asked for a refund and they don't do refunds. Hotel room was ok ish but wasn't cleaned…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not impressed,For a business trip me and 4 others booked this hotel because of the location. Upon arrival we were told that our reservation came in too late and we were transferred to another hotel. We were promised 4 star hotel and suites for all of us. Transfers for this hotel is a normal business I read in the reviews every time with a different excuse. 4 of us got a suite indeed only I got the broom closet. The other hotel was the Colonnade (not recommended either). Never again!!!,None,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location.  Good Accommodation,"The staff at reception were welcoming and always pleasant and obliging.  The breakfast room had a very pleasant decor and the food was more than adequate.   The bedroom was not large but a reasonable size with the usual safe, fridge an tea and coffee facility. The heating was fine, the window was openable if fresh air is your thing. The bathroom was again a pleasant decor with renovated fixtures. The water was hot and did not run out. The shower was a bit tricky at first. One tap/faucet controlled the water flow the other the temperature  Not exactly sure how but we always finished up with hot water. The bedroom was quiet, The bed, while not the ritziest,was comfortable and fine to sleep on. The room access card worked every time - which is not always the case in many places.…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Quaint and convenient ,"Beautiful and excellently located hotel. Had a small problem first night with noise ""above"" us. We were in a basement room. I asked to be moved and it was no problem whatsoever. Staff were very apologetic and understanding. Extremely helpful throughout our entire stay. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a 4 star! 2 at most! Gross,This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. The room was so small you could barely move.  The pictures online are so misleading.  There were stains all over the walls and carpets. The bed was extremely lumpy. The air con didn't work mainly because it was full of dust. The decor was from the 80s. Oh and our double bed had a single bed headboard.  Having a shower was impossible as the water was cold constantly and the temperature dial just fell off. I would never ever recommend this hotel to anyone.  The only good feature about this hotel is the lobby. If maybe they didn't spend all their budget on making the entrance look fancy the rooms would be decent.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel in london.....,"Firstly we booked this hotel through last minute 4 hours prior to arriving, when we arrived after 2 hours of travelling we went to check in.... told the receptionist our name and she said there was a problem with the rooms they are fully booked so she said i will have to send you to our sister hotel at hyde park, she called a taxi and said it will be here at 7pm bearing in mind we arrived at 6.15pm to check in. Anyway we wait to 7pm still no car and then she said i have found a room for you, she called a member of staff to take us to our room,so we followed her along the street went down some stairs and arrived at we thought was our 4* room in london,she opened the door and all i can tell you is i have stayed in better hostels, it didnt have a toilet, mould and water marks on…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unpleasant lousy,"There's nothing to like about this hotel.  Terrible Bed that should be thrown out, poor WiFi, rooms not serviced properly, broken tap, blocked drain, window rattling, staff that call you darling, broken safe, a television that doesn't work properly,  a bar that didn't have beer on our first night and two drinks that cost 17 pounds, you have to be kidding me.  What is claimed about this hotel on line and what is reality are world's apart. Maybe it's just room 211. It is terrible.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tatty hotel in a great location,"Good points: location is perfect. In Belgravia, a stones throw from Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace and Hyde Park (we attended a concert there and location was perfect for that). This is the only good point! Bad points: hotel is tired and tatty, customer service is very poor - there were 2 incidents that we witnessed in the very short time we were there, neither were dealt with effectively nor with sensitivity and we heard every word!! We booked a twin room but were allocated a double, good job we knew each other well, room had cobwebs and was tiny. Toilet had a crack in the cistern that had been glued back together, loose floor tiles, broken taps. We slept well as we'd been dancing all day but we couldn't wait to leave. Definitely not a 4 star, more 2 star - premier inn has…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great little boutique hotel close to Victoria,"Smart, elegant and situated in a pleasant location, breakfast okay and staff very obliging - would recommend for business travel - certainly would consider staying again if I was ever needing such a location overnight in London",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Average hotel, great location","My boyfriend and I were looking for a cheapish place to stay in London, since we wanted to go there for the weekend. Didn't want anything too fancy, but something better than just a bed.  When you get there reception room really gets your hopes up, but the rest of the hotel is really average. Dusty carpets, air con takes forever to actually cool the room down. Since we only needed to crash for the night, it was alright. But wouldn't like to stay there for longer than that. Had full english breakfast and were ready to give up and go, came downstairs at 9.55 and our food was served at 10.45. And it wasn't particularly busy! Staff serving food seemed very fed up and it felt like they just want us gone. the breakfast itself was tasty. the best thing about the hotel is its' ideal…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Average ,"We got a deal on Groupon, wouldn't of paid the full price of what the hotel itself was asking for! It was clean but the room was basic and the service was a bit slow but overall it was okay.  We stayed there as we were watching Formula E and it wasn't far to walk to Battersea Park and also managed a bit of sightseeing as it is walking distance to Buckingham Palace etc. Would say value for money if you get deal on Groupon ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful choice,"We had booked in advanced this hotel due to its location close to Victoria. We arrived late at night and they told us they were fully booked and we were tranferred to another hotel (The Cranley Hotel). According to their information we had to decide whether to return next day or not. When we arrived to The Cranley Hotel, people there were astonished about such an information. They were fully booked as well for the next days but they were extremely helpful and find a place for us to stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Service very poor and rooms disappointing,"My sister and I stayed here for a night to do some sight-seeing. When we walked into the hotel, the reception area struck us as very elegant and impressive. However, we then encountered the receptionist, a lady who we found rude on both of the two occasions we had spoken during our stay. The second time was particularly rude; when we checked out we wanted to ask if they sold tickets for bus tours as it said they did in the information booklet. Half way through asking the question, we were cut off as she decided to answer the phone rather than listen. There was no 'excuse me for a moment' - just a cold look. After we waited for her to finish on the phone, she then came back to us looking a bit fed up of us and said 'Madam, what do you want, tell me.' We asked if they sold tickets…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good but nothing special ,When you first walk in you see all this vintage looking furniture and it all looks very fancy like you expect from a 4* hotel however after that I was a bit disappointed. The rooms are a good size and have a nice modern theme with wallpaper and pictures and furniture which all looked very nice but there was stains on the curtains and on the bed throw and chips and dents all over the tables and walls and a big crack in the main mirror it all seems minor and doesn't really effect the stay but for a 4* that charges 300+ quid a night you'd expect better.. The bathroom was spotless and very modern so cannot fault that at all.. The breakfast was very average not worth the 20 quid they ask for only get this if its included in your stay the fry up you get 1 of everything so worth about…,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Oh my. Simply woeful.,"Must begin by thanking the hotel for letting us in at 4am, after a series of mishaps left us in central London without having accommodation in the early hours.  That said...... £138 for a couple from 4.30 am to check out at 11am. This is £10 per person, per hour. The entrance/reception is rather elegant. Once in the lift (door close button doesn't work) & the corridors (dirty, smelly, musty, tired) things go downhill, rapidly. The room? Tiny. Cramped. Musty. Tired wallpaper, tiles in bathroom falling off the walls, cold water was warm, the bed was appalling. Saggy. Tired. Wallowy. Drags one to the middle, or, one inch to the side, drags one off the edge. 'Complimentary tea'. Yeah. One bag each. No extractor fan in the bathroom. No shower gel either, to speak of. Unless, you…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Staying for two nights for Trooping The Colour and seeing Wicked,"Very friendly and helpful staff and nothing too much trouble  I would stay there again without hesitation. It is central to Victoria and all amenities and walking distance to Buckingham Palace , and St James Park",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel ,"We spent six days at Tophams exploring London and nearby attractions.   Tophams was perfect for us.  It's a few minutes from Victoria Station.   It's an easy walk to Buckingham Palace and such major sights as Parliament,  Trafalgar Square,  and the Thames.  The service and the accommodations are wonderful.  Breakfast is excellent.   Besides all that, Tophams is affordable!  We will always stay there while in London. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Another great stay,"We stay here with our 3 year old boy usually twice a year. The location is amazing, the staff cannot do enough for you and our room is nicely furnishing, gallons of hot water (need with a child), good internet and facilities. Nice cosy bar downstairs and great Persian food. We look forward to our next visit. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Faded Glory,"Don't get me wrong, I love this hotel. It's so conveniently located: it's perfect if you are travelling to or through Victoria and great to get the Gatwick Express train. It's lobby and public areas are spotlessly clean and beautifully furnished. It has the feel of somewhere quite upmarket but sadly my room didn't quite meet expectations.  It was comfortably furnished.  Great powerful shower but the soft furnishings are beginning to look tired. The headboard was damaged and worn and what looks like damp apparent on one wall. Scuff marks on walls need covering over. It's definitely well worth staying if you get a room discounted like on late rooms or the like. But with a bit of a freshen up thus could well  be one of my favourite London small hotels ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nice hotel, good area","I stayed in an ensuite room on the third floor.  It was nicely decorated and the bed modern and comfortable.  TV only had signal for a handful of channels.  The reception area looked nice.  I did not partake of breakfast or the bar or the wifi (as mobile 4G reception very good).  Would use again, however I understand that some of the rooms may not have been renovated - so I guess you take a chance.  I asked several times for a VAT receipt/invoice and was promised it would be emailed to me - but hasn't.  I have chased again two days later.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not great,"Just got back from a weekend here. The staff are friendly but the hotel isn't great. We had a Mews room which was down in the basement. The room was very dated, tatty and the springs in the mattress made it a very uncomfortable nights sleep X 2. We also had constant trouble with the door to our room as the card as faulty and the door wouldn't lock every time we left the hotel. Was very annoying.  The breakfast was very limited, the pastries were dry and seemed stale, and the cooked Breakfast wasn't the greatest either. I requested no tomato on my fry up due to allergic reaction but it was still served with tomatoes. The dining room is very dated with tatty chairs and dark wood tables.we sat and watched a member of staff wipe the table next to us and she just brushed the crumbs…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This is Fawlty Towers gone wrong!,"Dirty stained carpets, large dead insects not cleared from room after cleaning, hot water coming through cold taps, no door on wardrobe (being repaired apparently) were just among some of the things wrong with this hotel - good location though!!",None,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Convenient for Victoria,"The hotel is within walking distance of Victoria Station.  Reception was welcoming and efficient.  The room (203) was small but clean, with its bathroom down a few steps, again clean.  Mattress was too soft for me and the bed was a standard British double which is quite small.  What was disappointing was the carpet, which was heavily stained with ground in dirt.  Breakfast was average, coffee was good.  Room was very hot and the aircon was very noisy.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Holiday Stay,"Stayed during a brief stop in London, location was central to Victoria Station. Room was pretty small but the staff was friendly and helpful.  Don't expect updated, modern rooms, there is an incidental hold though I'm not sure why, I dont recall breakfast being provided but I could be mistaken. Overall, for two days it was perfectly located for us. The neighborhood was also very becoming, residential but also there are a lot  of places to eat.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",overpriced hotel for what little you get,"the only thing good about this hotel is it's central location in the city of Westminster . very over price for what little you get . this hotel is all about making a quick buck around every turn . i spent five nights in this hotel only because i was planning on walking to wherever i wanted to go during my stay in London and the location allowed for convenient access to malls , cafes , restaurants and the sights of London ( Big Ben , London Eye , Westminster Abbey ) .  the breakfast , was only continental if pre - paying for the hotel online , otherwise you show up in the dining room only to have the service staff immediately approach you asking for your room number prior to eating to determine if you were eligible for the free breakfast or not . the food was very limited as to…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't. just don't. Seconded.,"Tophams is on a quiet street a stones throw from Victoria. The reception is fine, a bit ornate for my taste but couldn't complain. I booked via Lastminute as the trip was, umm, last minute and my usual haunts were booked.  All started Ok, pleasant reception people, they do take £25 off your card for 'incidentals' but this isn't charged if there aren't any, whatever they are. The fun started when they pulled out a manky old key and called for a smiley young lady. Now some people seem to have been given some spiel about rooms being refurbished, I wasn't, it was obvious this was always the plan. So young lady takes me out the front door, down the street and into some other rooms which, I imagine, is what a bail hostel is like. The room was large enough but there was no mains…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Basic hotel close to Victoria Station,"I stayed 1 night for business in the Tophams Hotel Belgravia. It was less expensive compared to some other hotels in the area and as such I believe you should not expect much. Close to Victoria Station, friendly staff, WiFi (connection was poor in my room), more or less clean, a small room, bed did not allow me to sleep well, shower worked well, lunch at the restaurant ok but not much to chose from. From my point of view this is not a 4 star hotel, 2 stars at most. In general more or less ok but again, basic and don't expect too much.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor standard hotel,I paid for my  son and his new bride to stay at your hotel last Thursday and Friday and they were very disappointed with  there accomodation and basement room.The service was below standard and very poor. I feel it spoilt  there short honeymoon.I know we did look at your reviews before I booked and saw you had some bad reviews but we hoped your hotel would be of reasonable standard but it obviously wasn't. Before he left your hotel he was told he would get his£25 deposit back but so far   he has not.This is not right.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and hope you make some improvements in future for your customers.,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Loved the place.,"It's tiny - very small rooms by North American standards. But it was clean, comfortable, charming, central, and very very affordable. I would stay at the Tophams again in a heart beat. The service was excellent.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worse hotel I've ever stayed at.,"Me and my wife visited the tophams hotel for 2 nights recently and we weren't very impressed.our room was freezing cold because theres a window that wont shut.beside light not working.no spoon for tea/coffee.out of date milk.I had to go find a cleaner and get some fresh milk.she was in a room meant to be working but was sat on her phone.The tv kept freezing and turning itself off.cracked floor tiles in the bathroom.The full english breakfast was shocking.My wife is a vegetarian,so instead  of vegetarian sausage she got some cucumber.The food was stone cold both mornings.How hard is it to cook a breakfast?I had to pay at £25 deposit which i think was if i used the mini bar.we never used it and im still waiting for my £25 back.Save your money and go somewhere else.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!!!!,"This place is dirty, disgusting, run down, dangerous hotel if you could call it a hotel. Id rather sleep in my car or a tent in middle of winter. This is a max 1 star hotel, stayed in better hotels in 3rd world countries. Beds falling apart with bits of wood under mattress and mattresses not fit for a wild animal to sleep on, mould all over walls, floor tiles in bathroom broken/cracked, wall tiles falling off, stains on chairs bedding and curtains. My wife was glad she had pyjamas so she didnt have to have bedding touch her skin and this is all in a room we were moved to after complaining about the 1st room they put us in. Rooms are not cleaned properly as maids are outside smoking at the front door, air con does not work just blows out hot air, lift is dangerous as it is…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location,"It's a 5 min walk to the train and subway station that connect the airport by Garrick Express. Some restaurants and bars nearby. However, upon my arrival, we were told that our rooms are under renovation and need to move us to a nearby hotel for one night. We thought it will be of the same standard, however, shockingly, the rooms in another hotel was a crap. It's like the room in the horror movie!! Fortunately, we finally have our room back in Tophams the next day, and I got upgraded to a bigger room, which is so much nicer! It's petite but comfy and cozy. However, later we found out from the hotel manager that upon our arrival, our rooms were not under renovation, but instead was occupied due to overbook. We wanted to get refund for our first night so much as that room was just…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Location ,"The hotel has a great location and that's why we went. The staff is very friendly. The rooms are very small but ok, the only thing the bed it's old... But it was very helpful for us that we were 5 min from the most important point we needed. Nice neighborhood. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful in every way - would give a negative rating if I could.,"Booked through Groupon.  I have stayed in better hostels. This place is dirty, grimy and just discussing. Smashed mirror and plug sockets with electrics exposed and 2 broken safe's in the room. Hoover left outside our door in the morning. Lift broken. Room, bed and bathroom filthy. I would never return to this hotel even if you paid me. Service was shocking and the breakfast was terrible. We could have got better around the corner at a weather spoons for 1/4 of the price. And could have stayed at a premier travel in/travel lodge or equivalent for less than we paid and had better clean facilities and better service.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I Have Stayed In,Stayed in this hotel for my anniversary. Paid an extra £50 for a different room as they had run out of the Groupon rooms. Our bed was 2 single beds put together. Afternoon tea was the smallest I had seen and service was terrible. Had to wait 40 mins for breakfast. only one lady seemed to be working. tables all full up off dirty plates and cups. lady tried giving me bread as toast. They want charge you £4 for a can of coke! Won't be returning. Management said that staff had called in sick. That didn't stop him standing around doing nothing. To make sure service doesn't drop he should of mucked in and helped. My latte was served in a crystal glass tumbler as obviously no one had washed up  ,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've ever stayed in,"I was over charged whilst checking in and straight away asked for my money back only to be told that this wouldn't be able to be handled until Monday when the manager was in. To which I was disappointed but thought OK no big deal its only Monday. 3 weeks and a lot of emails later I finally got my money refunded after a lot of stress and hassle on my part and half a dozen different excuses.   Moving onto the room, as a party of three checking into one room we asked for a double bed and one single bed. Only to find two very small single beds and one broken camping bed in our room. The bathroom door handle was literally hanging off, the thermostat was broken, making for a very hot uncomfortable stay. Also not helped by the cold water tap that was rarely cold.  Breakfast, the waiter…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mixed Review,"I have stayed at Tophams 3 times due to its location and proximity to where I am working. Staff are friendly and helpful. I have stayed in 3 different rooms and they are all tired and shabby. One had a broken toilet seat and badly stained carpet. In each room the TV'S are out dated and unreliable with ancient remote controls which do not always work. The beds are old and dreadful can feel the springs and need replacing. Bed linen is clean but rough on the skin (too many boil washes) and needs replacing. Food in the restaurant is mixed, last week the chicken was good but this week the lamb was awful and arrived cold after a long wait and it was overcooked and a black mess on the plate.  Place has potential but in need of a refurb.... not likely to stay again. ",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't expect wonderful,"Myself and my girlfriend stayed in this hotel on the 12th of March 2016 and found on the whole that the staff were friendly, with the exception of a particularly smug lady at reception who took great pleasure in telling a group of customers that were experiencing a booking issue ""trust me, we have no trouble filling rooms on a saturday night"".  I found the hotel itself to be very run of the mill, it certainly does not stand out as being particularly fantastic. Our room was in what I can only assume was at one point a basement, the shower was not working properly and shower doors did not meet as they closed. To make it worse there were a number of vents that would go off throughout the night (can only assume piping).  Personally, I'll never stay in this hotel again and certainly…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very pleasant stay,"Reading the reviews here I was worried about what I had booked after picking up a voucher on Groupon. For the price I paid, the location was unbeatable. The reception was lovely and the staff were very welcoming. The room was clean, with an interesting and quirky layout. It wasn't the biggest room I had ever stayed in, but not too small by any means.   The room had its imperfections, some scrapes on the wall where other guests had been careless with chairs, a little bit of peeling paint in corners - but nothing that diminished the fact that it was a comfortable and clean room right near Victoria Station and within walking distance of Buckingham Palace.   Breakfast was a small full english, served quickly and with a smile. If it wasnt included and I had paid £20 for it I may have…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very good despite the reviews I read here,"I must sati was a bit worried before coming here after reading all those reviews her on trip advisor,but I'm happy to say that I'm having a different experience,I'm inly staying for one night and staff have been friendly and very helpful with all of our party's requests,hotel is walking distance from Victoria station and is clean and quiet and quite frankly so different from what I've been reading here,it's not fancy and but basic clean and would stay here again while passing by London in a budget.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very Tired, Dirty & Quite Overpriced!","As u enter the hotel u are greeted with warm and opulent reception that wasn't manned! Check in when the lady came was smooth and she was very polite. Our room was number 7, very cold, tired old seating, divan beds with no balances and dirty bases, holes in the wall, scratched furniture, cracked tiles in the bathroom, very dirty bathroom extractor. The tap sprayed everywhere when you try to run a bath, light not working in mirror, ceiling light in bathroom out. On our twin beds one had a standard pillow and one a memory foam pillow. I asked reception for 2 extra pillows at around 3:30pm Nothing came we went out for the afternoon when we returned at around 8 I asked again still no pillows came. Very disappointing stay",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Adjust your expectations,"Pros: For the price and location, I'm not sure we could have beat it.  Continental breakfast is included, and at the price of things in London, you'd best take that free cup of coffee before you head out for the day.    Cons: It *looks* so nice in the pictures online but the pictures are deceiving. Our room was extremely small, the bed was not comfortable and didn't have enough pillows.  We came in around 10 pm one night and the elevator was broken.  We couldn't find the stairs and couldn't find an employee to point us in the right direction.  Our room's trash can was full of fruit peels/cores from the previous guests, and then our room wasn't serviced at all by our second day there, so we finally had to ask to have our trash taken out.  Summary:  If you're looking for a…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised ,"My boyfriend booked a weekend break to London. I was thrilled that he had arranged train tickets and hotel, and all I had to do was pack a bag.   Having read the reviews for Topham Hotel, what should have been an eagerly awaited trip became something that I began to dread. When we arrived late on the Friday night , I had below zero expectations of this hotel but when you are being treated to a weekend away you cant say too much.   From the outside the hotel was appealing and is very well placed for Victoria station, brilliant when you have luggage, it's late and you are tired. Check in was quick and efficient and the staff were very friendly.  We had a room on the second floor.   Having read the reviews I was expecting  damp and dirty. The bedroom was very compact but well…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've been to,"I bought a Groupon voucher to surprise my wife after a long week of work, and let's just say that she was surprised... but not in the way I had hoped. The first room we checked in to was horrible and dirty and worn down and very depressing to be honest. Bathroom tiles were cracked and dirty. We then uncovered the secrets of the mattress... upon pulling the thin single sheet that was the only thing separating us from the mattress, we found a big wee stain.  After complaining we were shown another room which was better, but still had redish brown stains on the mattress. We then complained again and they said we'd just have to pick a room from the two since there were no more rooms available. I then said I was leaving and went to get my things. After returning to the reception, he…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very surprised,Well after reading all the reviews on here we were quiet worried as to what we would find.Friends arrived the day before myself and my little girl we were doing some sight seeing together reception couldnt have been more helpful gave us adjoining rooms so we could be together the rooms were nice the decor was nice the only thing was the breakfast was a bit muddled but they apologized they were new staff.  Location was excellent for everything we wanted to do and see.We would stay here again. Thank you.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It's not that bad....honest,"I was very worried about staying 3 nights at Tophams  with my 6 yr old daughter after reading the bad reviews so I was not expecting much.  When we arrived the receptionist Maria was very busy, she was very apologetic for keeping us waiting, which was only 5 minutes so was not a problem. We found all the staff very helpful and happy. We were given the key to our room, which was in the Mews below street level. The room was fine. The sheets were clean and the room smelled nice. The bathroom was big, it had a large deep bath, toilet, sink and separate walk in shower. All were very clean. Some complaints on here were about their room carpet having a few stains and the paint being a bit chipped, our room was the same but it was not an issue, paint gets chipped by suitcases, things…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",You have been warned.,"The hotel is in a state of a complete despair.    We have complained about the poor condition of our room to the hotel management and they simply replied that they are aware of the problems we are complaining about but the price per night is reflecting the condition of the hotel! Ridiculous! £118 for a dirty bed in a reeking surroundings, complemented with a black slime everywhere?! No thanks!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location and nice facilities ,"Booked this hotel with my partner for one night after travelling to and around London. We were greeted politely at the desk and briefed on our stay. The hotel is very quaint and pretty with lovely decor. We were supplied with all the basics. It was a little difficult to keep the room at a comfortable temperature, one point it being too cold and then tremendously warm but I suppose this is to be expected in this weather. The continental breakfast was quite good, with a wide spread, though the price that the room was originally, (which we luckily got cheaper) I would've expected a hot breakfast. The woman who was waiting on was attentive, making sure we had refills of coffee and such. The location was fantastic and very convenient as it was a 5 minute walk across the road straight…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Well exceeded expectations ,"I bought a groupon stay and after reading the reviews on here was exspecting the worst. Fear not, when we arrived we were greeted  by a sparklingly clean reception plus a receptionist with matching smile.   She straight away offered us a seat, then offered us a cake (the way to my heart) then explained our room and breakfast  Finding the room was easy, and all the mirrors in the lift were intact. A good start compared to some places I have stayed for similar prices.  The room was great! Exceptionally comfy bed, bathroom very clean and almost everything you would expect... iron, ironing board, mini bar (but no alcohol, shame), aircon and blanket along with fully functioning tv.  The selection box of tea was great, plus 2 teapots! Not just a cup.  However,  there were no glasses.…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, not the cleanest of hotels","The hotel is in a brilliant location, 5 minutes from Victoria coach station and a 10 minute walk to Buckingham palace. It's in a nice neighborhood too. Reception and outside is lovely, also the bar area is nice, but the rooms are not the best. We were downstairs and were told we had the biggest bathroom. Yes, the bathroom was big, but it wasn't particularly nice. There is a fire exit door inside the bathroom that leads up to the road, the tiling in the bathroom is shocking, massive holes everywhere. The room itself is lovely at first glance but there were massive stains on the carpet and the cupboards were falling apart. This kind of thing doesn't really bother us, as we just want somewhere to sleep and we don't spent any time in the room, but may bother others. We were…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Potential to be amazing! Alas not on this occasion,"Visited London for a break with my sister. Initial impressions were good, lovely exterior and area. Great for Victoria station. Plush reception area, staff slightly too formal. Our room was a double, not ideal but we didn't mind sharing. The room itself was very small, a very tight squeeze whilst getting ready, and it wasn't particularly clean. The throw on the bed was very grubby, some areas need a bit of attention. Shower head was useless and I ended up unscrewing it to allow better waterflow. The cistern flowed all night! Breakfast was decent, and the staff were friendly. This hotel has the potential to be so much more! Such a shame as all it needs is a little  care and attention. If reviews improved and management took heed, I would return. ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolute shambles of a hotel,"Stayed for one night that was enough no way is this a 4 star hotel. Dirty place, uncomfortable bed, rude staff. Dont believe the pics you see on the website they lie our room was the size of a broom cupboard. We had a shared bathroom that we were unaware of booking from laterooms.com it was dirty and smelly with cracked floor tiles. Only good thing was the location have complained but doubt if they will reply think this needs to be checked for their rating. I was so angry when we left the staff were like robots(sorry for that) went to breakfast had to ask for the empty tables to be cleared of the cups etc the tables were dirty no cutlery cups dirty teapot chipped the staff dont speak good English and were rude disgusting we paid for continental breakfast but didnt stay as the…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Groupon: Do not waste your money,Brought a voucher through groupon only to be told I couldn't book any Saturday from now until the expiry date due to availability. I went on the Internet and could book any room at a price within the voucher. Service was dreadful and the team very unhelpful!  I wouldn't waste your money! O their lucky they got 1 star!!,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Blood stained mattress, dirty bathrooms, damp rooms and not even an apology. Yes we switched room 3 times and then left.","I've had to leave this review for 6 weeks in the hope that Tophams may apologise or even at least reply to the multiple requests for an explanation.   In short…. Do not stay here hoping the hotel is clean. It’s not in any way. The hotel is tired and dirty (blood stained mattress, dirty bathrooms, damp rooms) and in need of a desperate renovation, living on past appraisal and a self awarded star rating.   We checked into Tophams hotel on Wednesday 16th December for a week of Christmas shopping and pre wedding arrangements. Everything appeared fine as we made our way towards our room. The first warning sign was when we stepped out of the lift and noticed big yellow stains on the carpet likely from bleach being spilt. This drew my intention to the general tiredness of the…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cutest little hotel!,"Stayed here for 3 nights with a friend when we travelled down to London for a gig and after reading a few bad reviews we were prepared for a bad experience. However, I'm happy to say that the reality of the stay could not have been any different.  The decor of the hotel is extremely cute and quirky, exactly the kind of thing my friend and I could appreciate (had our partners been with us, they probably would not have been quite so excited!)  The room was lovely and a good size with an amazing bathroom and the continental breakfast was fantastic.   The only reason I'm giving the hotel four stars instead of five is because the shower in our room seems to gravitate between very hot or very cold and we couldn't find a decent middle ground - however, since there was also a bath with…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Loved it!!!,"I was kinda cautious about this hotel after reading some of the reviews here and wasn't really expecting much of it. The bigger was my surprise! We were staying in London for just one night but man I wish I'd be more. London is such a beautiful city and staying in this hotel just made our experience so much better. From the beautiful reception, to clean, cozy and luxurious room with both shower and a bath and not forgetting the super friendly staff! Delicious breakfast. I mean, seriously we felt like we were in a fairytale. On top of all that is the location. Staying so close to Victoria station having both underground and bus transportation a few steps away was a bliss and it allowed us to practically visit everything we wanted in such short time. I honestly don't think there…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Best choice in London,"I travel to London on business and this hotel is the ideal choice in terms of location, service and overall amenities.   Just across Victoria station,  very friendly and professional staff, good size rooms.  Prices are also very competitive.  This is highly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Excellent staff, location, prices","I go back to Topham's regularly, liking the warm welcome by personable staff, and the great location for my wants... near to Victoria Station (tenth of a mile from side entrance on Buckingham Palace Rd)... but in a quiet side street.  Nice rooms in an older property with charm and character.  I would give them a ""5"", but have to admit there are some UNIMPORTANT TO ME *little* *flaws* in the way of ""loose ends"", like a bathroom fan which was a little loose on fittings. If you want ""spic and spam"", everything ""100% perfect"", I hope you will want also to pay for it? Rooms clean, comfortable. Elevator. En suite bathrooms.  And, as I said, charming, helpful staff.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or355-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Budget hotel - excellent location,"I stayed at the hotel for one night for business. My offices are in Victoria so this was perfect - and for tourists It would be a great location of you want to be near to underground and Buckingham palace.   On arrival, the hotel looks very aesthetically pleasing and the customer service of the young lady on the front desk was great. When I eventually found my room (number 211), I started to find areas that had become tired and weren't looked after. Please do look at my photos for more info but essentially the room gives you everything you need plus a safe - great! But... The walls could do with a lick of paint, there are some odd stains on the carpet, a cracked toilet seat and the plaster of the ceiling was coming away and was sitting in the bottom of the shower (obviously not…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or355-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not Great,"I was ""upgraded"" which makes me wonder what the non upgraded room was like! I was put in M4 which is basically one of hte basement rooms but is directly under the reception so very noisey, tried to get to sleep from about 9.30 kept awake by the  noise from above and normally noise doesnt bother me when trying to get to sleep. Was woken at 11:30 pm by someone hoovering the reception upstairs, it was so loud I woke up half panicked that somethign was wrong, noise from the hall way was very audible also.   Room was just OK some signs of mold and whoever did the tiles in the bathroom was clearly an amateur.   Breakfast the next morning was OK, overall the location to victoria is good and the breakfast is ok but other than that not great, i wont be rushing back.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or355-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Booked a pay on arrival room...,So booked a pay on arrival room for me and my friend as we are going to see phantom of the opera   Pay on arrival don't exist to them!  They couldn't have been quicker to take the money from my account I rang them up having ago at them and all they could say was sorry  I then had to cancel the reservation due to this I got an e-mail back the day I cancelled saying I would get a full refund within 3-5 working days Today is now day 7 Still no refund  This place is a joke! The reception staff are rude to customers over the phone Will not be using this hotel again!,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or355-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Love it ,"I was wondering what to expect here after reading the mixed reviews but it was a delight. The staff were attentive and polite when I arrived. The rooms are clean and tidy with everything you would expect TV, iron, toiletries etc and the WiFi was good too (good for browsing and email)   Breakfast was nice and quiet. I had a full English which was top notch!!   I'm here again next week  ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or355-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Charming, quiet place to stay","I stayed at The Tophams Hotel for five nights during a trip to visit two friends in London - one lives in Pimlico and one in Primrose Hill.  I found the location of the hotel to be perfect, just down the street from Victoria Station, making getting around the city easy.  My room was on the first floor and was quiet and comfortable, and according to friends, much larger than other hotels in the area for a similar or higher price.  The staff was friendly and we enjoyed champagne in the cozy bar area one night.  Would definitey stay here again and highly recommend it to travelers who want to stay in a quiet neighborhood with easy access to all London has to offer!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or360-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nice Hotel, Good Location.","Stayed in the hotel for 2 nights as part of a Superbreak deal.  The hotel is in a good location being a 3-4 minute walk from Victoria station. The room we had was on the 3rd floor, it was clean and of a good standard, and quite roomy by London standards. The bathroom was very nice with a large standalone shower cubicle plus a bath with shower attachment too.  We did have a problem with water dripping through the ceiling in the bathroom but we reported this to management and they sorted it almost immediately.  The check in was particularly nice at the hotel, an intimate and personal service, one desk, one receptionist, one person at a time.  There is a nice seating area to wait until its your turn and were were offered coffee whilst we waited. We had an afternoon tea as part of…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or360-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Such good value, location fab ","Stayed here for one night, was surprised on how good the location was.   I would ignore some of the critical reviews I think some people expect the ritz but you get what you pay for!  Check in was great, room was small but fine for our needs.   Excellent value for location would say it needs touching up a little bit in areas but for the price you can't go wrong  Would return without a doubt!   Thank you for a great stay. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or360-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised after reviews - would return!,"We stayed here very last minute for a visit to the passport office. The hotel is two streets away from the station so very easily accessible.  After reading some reviews before arrival we were somewhat apprehensive and unsure what to expect. However when we arrived we were more than pleased.  Check in was efficient, we had unintentionally booked a room with a shared bathroom but the lady at the check in desk upgraded us without us even having to ask.   We were given a room on the third floor, which was lovely. Although a small room, the bed was comfortable and the room was very clean. There were a few steps down to a tidy en suite. Tea and coffee was available with a reasonably priced mini bar. The area was very quiet for London, we left the window open all night and there was…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or360-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I'd stay there again but fix the floor tiles.,"First impressions good, hyper-friendly receptionist, room small but adequate, pleasantly decorated, real spring bed, clean, couldn't work out the TV but the wi-fi worked. Continental breakfast was tasty, well-served, the waiter friendly and efficient. The hotel is convenient and well-situated (5 minutes' walk from Victoria) in a quiet Belgravia street (never seen so many Bentleys and Aston Martins together). This is why I'll definitely consider it the next time I come. However, why can't they pay attention to little details like clearly marking the hot/cold taps, fixing the grouting between floor tiles so it doesn't wobble when you walk on it and making sure that the fixtures don't threaten to come off in your hand when you open the shower door? Oh, and if you tend to make loud…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or360-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasant for English tea and champagne,"There are many hotel restaurants in London offering a traditional Englst tea with the added joy of a glass of Champagne or Prosecco. You can pay anything from £50 a head to a less painful £10 or £12 depending on the accompanying alcohol. Venues vary from the lavish, like the Ritz, to the impressive like the Waldorf to the cozy like, yes you guessed it, The  Topham.   We enjoyed a pleasant selection of sandwiches, five cakes each from large to tiny and the essential scone and cream. The Champagne hit the spot too.  Very central and equipped with friendly staff, this represents good value in relaxed surroundings. Thanks, Topham.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or365-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Leaking roof, raining in the room","This hotel is very confident for London Victoria coach and train station but that's about the best I can say about it. Check in was slow. The room smelt damp, there was plenty of water damage on the ceiling and the shower was positively unclean. However, for one night when we would barely be in the room I could barley bring myself to make a fuss. However,Meehan I was woken at 2am by water dripping on my face it took me a while to work out that it was raining and that the water was dripping from the ceiling, making the walls and floor wet, as well as my bed which I had to move. The wall above electrical plugs was very wet come morning. having moved the bed I found mood spores.   The breakfast was fine but extremely basic. I definately would not recommend",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or365-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a good start,I didn't think it was possible to book a hotel at this price in London with no bathroom. I found out to my cost when I checked in just before midnight. I was horrified to find that the shared bathroom was along the hall and down some stairs. The actual room was tiny and with just a central bright light. I complained and was shown the small print where it informed me about the lack of bathroom. Fortunately I was able to upgrade and the room they then gave me (for an extra £30) a room that was much better So beware when making an on line booking. As it was so late I did not complain about the lack of any soap or shower gel until the morning but it was just another minor irritation. Breakfast was interesting as the waitress did not understand my request for scrambled eggs on toast…,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or365-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shabby hotel not worthy of 4 star rating.,"Looks okay from the outside and the public rooms acceptable at a glance, but the rest of the hotel is a disgrace. The walls are dirty and paintwork badly chipped throughout.  Windows and doors don't fit properly.  Hoovers in the middle of the narrow corridor. Exposed wires at head height.  Definitely not 4* standard.  Needs a total refurb. Arrived to find our room was minuscule (not enough space to be able to walk round the bed, and a low ceiling) and had no proper curtains. We also had to share a bathroom which was dirty with used towels piled in the middle of the floor. We were given a free upgrade after we complained, to a larger room with an extremely cold, unheated, damp (but ensuite) bathroom. Beds were comfortable. Single headboard only for double or twin bedroom. The…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or365-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolute Shambles!!!,"Absolute Shambles. Great impression from the exterior, a converted Georgian property which is only a few minutes walk from Victoria station, but that's where the food points end I'm afraid. Starting with the bedroom, it was boiling hot, even after opening the window I was melting. To top it off, I couldn't get any cold water in the sink.   But the worse part was the service at breakfast. I had to wait several minutes before I was seated. When I ordered the tea it arrived without milk. Toast arrived without butter, when I ordered the butter the waitress only bought one small pack to spread on two toasts. The cooked breakfast was a joke, small portion of beans, one hash brown, and tiny portion of mushrooms. I asked for an omelette with one cheese and a few vegetables. I got a…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or365-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel.,Terrible hotel. Do not stay here. They charged my credit card without giving me a receipt on checkout for breakfast and I have chased them four times for this now. The breakfast offering was appalling.,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or370-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","I kept sighing and muttering ""Premier Inn does this better""","I would really have liked to give this three stars, but it was expensive (despite the discount I got through hotelstayuk).  The bed was quite comfy, although it was a bit shabby for a 4 star hotel.  The reason I kept muttering ""Premier Inn does this better"" was due to the lack of making my stay feel special.  At 4 stars (and that price), I expect something better.  For example, I arrived at 9pm on a Sunday and asked if the guy behind the desk knew where (my favourite) the nearest Wagamama's was.  Firstly he didn't understand the question, then he offered to google it.  I said I would do it myself and then explained to him that it was a Japanese restaurant.  He then directed me to a fast food takeaway in Victoria Station.  Not ideal for a woman on her own reasonably late at…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or370-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Fortunately, only one night","I arrived on the 23rd of November to Tophams and the first impression I had was that the reception hall looked great, but it doesn't reflect on its quality at all. Despite having an excellent location (Victoria Railway Station), my room was pretty small for a 4**** rated hotel; the interiors appeared old and in the urge of remodeling; the room had no shutters, with a bleak trait, forcing me to use blankets and hotel towels to cover any eyesight from the outside or people who would like to pry; the breakfast was ok, but I'd rather go to Mcdonald's instead of Tophams: they didn't have chocolate powder (in a 4**** hotel) and lacked food diversity. I also booked a double room and I they didn't tell me that the bathroom was supposed to be shared!?!?! Plus, when I checked-in, they…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or370-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs a lot of work.,"Room was cramped, paint on furniture and woodwork chipping/pealing, staff where friendly enough. Food was average at best. Location we'd it's only saviour as it is an excellent base for the Victoria Palace Theatre and Victoria Train and Bus Stations. If it wasn't for the location it would be a 1-2 but I'll give it a 3. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or370-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not trust the Images,"I've been in London in 2nd and 3th of november for Fiere Exibition WTM and I choice the 4 stars hotel becouse of I came with my wife.... so I've spent more money. I chosen the hotel with my top agent (Commercial Partner), viewed the immages it looked nice. But when we arrived ..... At the chek-in the front desck ladies was gentle, when we taken the room it was dirty, the shower doesn't work the towels were few, the bathroom's floor was broken and the window does not close .....   The room was full of dust and, the floor was uneven. I asked the adapter for the phone charger and the night porter  that didn't has it, then cames 2 times in my room to forcing my adapter in the wall, walking in my room with dirty shoes without care of things that tramples .....  The day after I seen…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or370-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",My 2nd Stay There,"I'm a regular visitor of London, and therefore have slept in quite few hotels there. This is the first one I stayed a 2nd time. It is in easy walking distance to Victoria Station, has a corner shop for your daily needs with helpful owners close by, as well as some restaurants. The breakfast buffet provides almost everything you might want, and in our case it was included in the price for the room. If you want a full English breakfast instead, the kitchen provides it for an extra charge. We didn’t try it but what I saw on the plate on a nearby table looked ok to me. The hotel has a small bar and offers Afternoon tea – we saw the cakes. As we arrived too early our room wasn’t ready yet, so we were offered drinks (it was round noon so we opted for tea and coffee) of our choice on…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or375-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good visit,"Visited here last month and was pleased with the stay, hotel was clean and spacious and when you are staying for one night, what more can you ask for?  Hotel is a little dated and it shows on a lot of the furniture and not worth the price that you could pay in much newer hotels.  Would stay again and staff were friendly, great location! ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or375-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Room allocation is a lucky dip!,"Stayed here for one night based on decent reviews but found it a bit hit or miss.  I was originally allocated a Mews room (for Mews read basement) which had a peeling ceiling in the en suite and generally smelt of damp. I asked for another room and was given a room on the third floor which was much better. It was a decent size and had a good power shower.  The main selling point of the hotel is it's location with Victoria station in close walking distance. I guess for London, it offered decent value for money but I'd only say that based on the second room I was in.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or375-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",We reward effort,"We arrived (mon) on our pearl wedding anniversary and moments after arrival in our room a smiley young lady greeted us with glasses of champagne and two lovely slices of cake - very thoughtful. Our room whilst not the biggest was clean,warm,and cosy really,and as we were going to be out most of the day was totally fine. All the staff whilst mainly young were very helpful and cheerful. This hotel is in a cracking location, some lovely bars and restaurants and we really enjoyed the area. Certainly stay again.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or375-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",central,"we got this hotel for a really good price,would not have paid the normal room rate suberblly located near to the centrer and Victoria train station  breakfast was poor but my main problem was that you could hear eveything that that went on in the next room however ok for a 1 night stay",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or375-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",disappointed,"Just arrived on first night there was not available the two single rooms booked and paid in advance, they gave me a double.  Then there was a mouse in my room.  A very horrible experience  I'll never return to this hotel               ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or380-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent location minutes from Victoria Station,"Reasonably comfortable stay in a good location with in-room free wi-fi. Breakfast was expensive, not the best and variable: my husband and I breakfasted at different times and somehow were served different breakfasts each day including one of us being served garlic mushrooms (which were on the evening menu as a starter!). Must have run out of butter on one day as we both got rather nasty margarine. Dining room furniture ready for an update. Room was OK, a bit tired and in need of some attention. The mattress, with it's obvious springs, was ready for replacement. Arriving by myself, ahead of my husband and with two suitcases, would have appreciated the offer of help to get them to my room. Nevertheless this stay was reasonable for price and location. Pubs, restaurants and coffee…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or380-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",the tophams hotel lo don,The exchange rate was used it was against me (1.3998) £ against  euro. Poor breakfast. The matres was thin and not suitable. Small room.  Ery expensive. Good location. No value for money hotel. Exlensive.,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or380-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Small hotel, Great location, Quite street,Reservation Trouble","My family and I arrived Sunday, July 12, 2015 at approximately 1pm.  We had booked and PAID for the room (a suite called a Family room) for 3 nights in February 2015.  When we arrived at the hotel we were told that the room was not available until the next day, that the current guests had decided to stay an extra night.  We are a family of 5 (3 teenagers) who had just crossed the Atlantic on an overnight flight.  I told the staff that I was not happy with the situation, that the rooms were booked in February and that they were paid for.  They said they were sorry, they made a mistake and put us up for one night in 2 other rooms that were quite small and not comfortable.  Then we were told the next day that we had to vacate those rooms by 11am.  It would have been nice if the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or380-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","""I will go again n again!""","Few days ago I went to London and i stayed 2 night n 3 days in ""The Tophams Hotel Belgravia"". I am really pleased by their hospitality, they are so much quick responsive. Hotel stuffs are pretty smart, friendly n informative. I stayed in a single room which was first of all so much clean, fully equipped by modern furniture and other technological aspects. Special thanks to reception manager name, i forget his name , may be something Sarkar.. he was so cooperative n responsible !! love u guys ....",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or380-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable nights stay,"One night in London - double bed incl. afternoon champagne, tea and scones.  Clean room and comfortable stay. Air con, minibar, TV, decent shower.   Basic continental breakfast - ham, cheese, cereal, pastries, tea and coffee and juices   24 hour bar - enjoyed a nice cold beer on late arrival. Staff made some sandwiches for us too!   Professional management and friendly staff.    Left a bracelet in the room all day, which was kindly found and left for us by cleaner!  ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or385-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay here ,"We decided to book a night in this hotel despite some bad reviews. When checking in the front staff member stated that I did not book a room here then demanded my confirmation number. They eventually found the paper confirming this but they made me feel like an idiot in the process - even though this is their organizational problem.The room appeared nice however the bed sunk in, the springs literally dig into you when you try and sleep. I would have been more comfortable on the floor. We had three windows - two of which faced the garbage can outside- the other was just a brick wall.Twice throughout the night the fire alarm went off due to ""kitchen problems"". No apology was made. We did not sleep at all because d this. Breakfast is terrible. I felt fortunate enough to have a cup…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or385-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great hotel with excellent service in very good locaion,"After reading all the bad reviews I was a bit nervous when I was on my way to London. I have had some bad experiences already and did not know what tto expect. Tophams surprised me in a very good way. The location was very good, in a quiet street but good to reach. The room was clean and they cleaned it every day, channging also the towels. The staff was very friendly and welcoming and he hotel itself was clean and fancy. The chairs in the restaurant have been a bit old but that is no reason to give the overall experience a bad review. Everything was clean, the breakfast was great (though I have missed cheese but let's face it, I did not go there to eat in all day plus they had a big variety of other food) and I would highly recommend this hotel to everybody else.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or385-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, near to theatres.","I picked this hotel solely on location- it's very easy to find and get to all essential things from. The decor is a little odd, it has a boutique feel but is a bit dilapidated in places. However, I was very happy to spend the night there! The beds were comfy, the rooms very clean and the bathroom was beautiful. We stayed in one of the Mews rooms and it had the perfect atmosphere for our romantic midweek getaway!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or385-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Boutique hotel in great London location,"I booked Tophams for its location with a flight and hotel package deal, then saw all the bad reviews and really hoped we wouldn't experience the same. We didn't.  Yes, sometimes the noise from the street is loud, but we were in London, in summer, including on a weekend.  Our shower did have a crack in the base which leaked into the room below - but once the manager (who is new) was notified, they got a contractor in within hours to fix it and there were no further issues.  The staff were fine and helpful, helping with luggage and offering to call cabs etc.  I have no complaints about Tophams only that they should not advertise as being 4 stars while these issues exist. I would certainly book there again, we were very pleased!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or385-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Rather expencive, small rooms, but very central and friendly staff","The hotel is rather old and in the noble Belgravia, just a road behind Victoria station, but nevertheless very calm. The rooms are very small. But I was lucky with room nr. 206, which was much larger than nr. 3, which my colleague had. Old carpet. Better you do not go barefoot. But bath and everythimg else clean. Very friendly staff. I paid for 6 nights 1.050 £.     ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or390-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location and not too pricey.....,"Excellent location....a bit overpriced like much of London...literally one block from Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace (Excellent location).  We had an enjoyable stay despite the lack of air conditioning (we're from The South), and the indifferent staff....but overall an excellent location...we would gladly stay there again for the money and location",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or390-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay at Tophams,Booked through superbreaks as a treat for my sisters 75th birthday.My sister and I had a lovely room but there was a mix up and my other sister was given a single room with no facilities although we paid for a double.However this was sorted next day and she was moved to a lovely room.All the staff were very friendly and the location was excellent.We Had complimentary drinks to apologise for the room mix up and were served chocolate cake for my sisters birthday which was a lovely gesture. Excellent breakfast and lovely staff first class service will stay there again .,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or390-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't know why I booked it,"When we got to our room there was no AC and I was sure I had booked a hotel with AC as London was very warm at the time.  Checked online and saw the reviews on TA and couldn't figure out how I had booked this place???  The controller on the wall would not go less than 19 C.  At least the window opened. The carpet was stained, grout in the bathroom tile was missing and one tile at the door was even loose.  There were marks on the wall where chairs or something had been rubbing for quite some time. No price list for honor bar items??? Not going to drink to find out they charge more than most. Mattress was very saggy but we slept surprisingly well, may have been exhaustion from walking London all day. Seems like a minor thing but the provided soap was one of the worst I have every…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or390-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location and excellent service and attention,"I've been four days with my brother in this hotel. We were expecting a good located hotel with poor service, as we noticed in the reviews. But everything changed as we arrived at the hotel, the front office manager attended us real quick, doing the check in process, offering tea and coffee with cookies, storing our bags and showing us the quickest and interesting ways to get to our first visit to Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square. The service was pretty good during our stay, especially in the restaurant with our included breakfast.  The building was nothing special, and the rooms were quiet normal but they had all what we need, and special mention to the confortable bed.   As I always say, don't judge a book but its cover, so the same with Tophams Hotel, don't judge this…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or390-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",London calling,"Found this hotel on a Google search, and couldn't have been happier.  Centrally located to all the great London sites.  Had a classy and cozy feel.  The breakfast was ok but the waiting staff were very overwhelmed.  That said I will use this hotel again next time I visit London.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or395-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Weekend in Town,"I've stayed here before in the Tophams Hotel.  Booked online thru booking. com this time.  Sadly the rooms they make available are shabby but clean.  Belgravia is so nice, be careful because this Hotel has two levels of rooms and disguises them by going under the name of Eaton Square Hotel.  Don't be fooled Tophams is good Eaton Sq is the cheap and cheerful version , poor bathroom and poor decor.  You can do so better.  Shame on you.  ",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or395-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lack of care and attention.,"Stayed here 11th-13th July 2015.   Base of divan not fixed together properly and obviously ignored by staff as bed made before we arrive and again during stay. I sustained an injury to my toes hitting twice on the above. Found out later toe broken. When reported to receptionist she said I should have told her immediately so she could send maintenance to fix. Shouldn't they make rooms safe before guests arrive? No for guests to point out health and safety issues for them is it?  She couldn't have cared less, was only interested in whether we had used mini bar. She did not record in accident book.  I wrote to the manager including all necessary photos and requested my money back.  They have chosen to ignore my letter completely. Dinning room staff also very ignorant and abrupt. Be…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or395-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shabby,"Room needed a complete revamp, plaster coming off shower wall, grouting in bathroom floor between tiles missing, carpet dirty, missing handles on draws and doors dirty needed painting. Chairs in breakfast room very warn.Entrance to hotel pleasant also staff ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or395-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Surprisingly good,Staff friendly and efficient on arrival. Have to pay £20 on card for any purchases from bar in room for example.  This will be repaid within 2 to 3 working days after departure. Room was snug but clean. Decent sized bath just down 6 steps from bedroom. Great location. Good price. Very happy.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or395-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Doesn't worth the price you pay for,- tiny room very different from the pics - tv not working and on a side of a wall whete you can't watch tv neither from your bed or the desk - it took to reception 20 min to come to my room - shower in a weird place in the room( in a corner outside of the bathroom) - no bathrobe nor sleepers - thin walls ( you hear your neighboors) - wet weird stain in the bathroom and trash broken  - well located in victoria area,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or400-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",July 2015 short break.,"My Wife and I stayed here in July 2015 and we were a little wary after reading some of the particularly negative reviews. We were though pleasantly surprised. All staff were friendly and informative, the room was clean and the bed comfortable. The clean bathroom had a bath and a shower and the hotel was accessible to all of the places of interest. Victoria train and bus station were within a short walk, the London tour buses stopped nearby and Buckingham Palace was just 5 or 6 minutes walk away. Harrods and the museums were 20/25 minutes stroll away. If we have a reservation it was the breakfast, not really that much of a choice unless you wanted to fill up on limited cereal or a full English which wasn't that full. All in all, a good weekend and we would certainly stay here…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or400-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Fantastic Hotel, Great Value","The staff were very friendly and the place was very clean. The bed was quite comfortable and the neighborhood was safe and friendly.  It was very conveniently close to Victoria station, which allows easy access to all parts of the city.  I will stay here again -- possibly every time I'm in London.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or400-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great money for value,"Visited earlier in the year with a  friend who booked this hotel and was surprised at how delightful this boutique hotel was.  Of course it was located in a central location, close to everything I wanted to see but most of all,  the service and rooms met and exceeded my expectations.  I have stayed many places in London, being a frequent visitor and reviewer to the city and I was more than pleased with the kind service throughout my stay and the room that was appointed well (yes, they are european small but even the park plaza is the same and it is much more expensive.)  Such a nice experience I am coming back coming back to stay at this hotel September 24th and this time I am bringing the friend.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or400-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good place to stay,"Unusually I booked a three night stay before reading reviews, then read the reviews and as a result had quite low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. Front desk staff were extremely helpful and pleasant. The room, while not over large, was clean and comfy, with a large bathroom (excellent shower).    Wi-fi was free and easy to access. Only downside was the air conditioning wasn't working well - however there was a large openable window. Location was good - a very short walk to Victoria. We didn't eat at the hotel so cannot comment on food. This hotel was good value for London (second cheapest available on booking.com) and I would certainly stay there again. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or400-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",4-star??  In your dreams !,"Thankfully the booking was a ""secret 4-star hotel, up to 60% discount"" via Expedia. I would have been furious if I had paid full price. I'm still disappointed for what I got for the money. A minimal room (you can't swing a cat in there); with an air conditioning sounding like a combine harvester (it was very warm that evening); tv with dodgy remote; a small bathroom down a set of stairs; a small double (English size) bed which was COMPLETELY worn out. With such a small bed for two normal sized adults you need to use the full width. But as the springs were completely worn out, if you came close to the edge you nearly fell out of bed!  The room could do with a bit of fresh paint (to cover the water/damp stains on the ceiling), fixing back the missing tiles in the bathroom, a new…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or405-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unbelievable cost for a hotel that is a glorified B&B,"I booked a hotel late and the only one I could find in the right area that had capacity was Tophams.  It says Belgravia.  Yeah, more like Victoria, but nevermind.  Decent location and a decent layout. It was slow to check in, had staff for whom English was a third language - hotel is shabby, dowdy and aspires to be more than it is while charging 5 star prices.  This was B&B for £314per night and it was not worth half.  Breakfast is laughably poor and service is amateur.  Upside was the room was okay, and the wifi excellent. Not worth the money.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or405-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","At best quaint, at worst dangerous.","It's a tough building for a hotel to operate in, the old quaint houses of Belgravia don't convert easily or cheaply into nice hotels. This one is several houses knocked together with all the character and uneven floors of any other such property. What makes this place less than ideal for anything more than a one night stay is that the rooms are tiny, the beds are too small for two people, the mattresses are too soft and lumpy, and the showers have no thermostat so the water fluctuates between scalding hot and freezing cold.  The staff aren't terrible, the odd member might be though. We were told breakfast was included, but then after my travel companion had had breakfast two days running I was told I couldn't, the friendly receptionist did offer me a free continental breakfast…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or405-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, perfectly good hotel","We were a bit anxious having read some awful reviews on here but we had a perfectly good stay. The room was spacious for the price and location. The ensuite was well-equipped and had both bath and walk in shower with plenty of power. Everything was clean and we had a minibar fridge, tea and coffee, TV and a big closet/wardrobe. It was very quiet as the window looked out onto a courtyard at the back. We slept really well. We stayed on the first floor. Perhaps the upper floors are more cramped and less well-equipped.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or405-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location and enjoyed our stay,Didn't know what to expect ar this hotel from all the bad reviews... But well the hotel.room was big clean and very nice yes the decor is abit tried but as long as it's clean does.it really matter... I didn't have breakfast there so can't comment on the food.. Staff were friendly and helpful as we booked a twin room. And the 1st room we got given was not so we went back.to reception and they changed us straight away with no problems..would definitely go back and stay there again,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or405-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Expected more for the money,"At first glance the place looks very nice. We got to our room on the first floor and it was well decorated. But you lay on the bed and you could feel 6 or 7 busted springs. Not what I would've expected at a hotel like this. We only stayed 2 nights but the first day I noticed a few ants crawling on the small dresser in the room. Didn't think much of it until I found a few more in the bathroom, by the day we checked out as I was packing my stuff up I had ants crawling all over my luggage which had been by the small dresser. We told the front desk about the ants when we checked out but they just seemed more concerned that we had brought the gingerbread that we got from Germany into our room. Also, the breakfast was extremely minimal, cereal, bread, small slices of ham, coffee and…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or410-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Four star I dont think so,"First impressions of hotel Belgravia were very good.,outside very nice inside reception looked good .Staff very friendly on arrival was looking forward to seeing are room. Well that's when it all went down hill ,cant swing a cat springs to mind ,bed linen not clean,tea and coffee making faciltys limited stains on walls and ceiling, tv postion hopeless .Bathroom tiles missing. Woke up next morning with back ache not good mattress .Moving on to breakfast continental was very disappointing. Overall very disappointed with are stay, this hotel is only worthy of one star if that",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or410-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Four star ?????????????,"Well firstly this hotel is a very good 2star but very poor 4 star. Location very good. This hotel is very tired chipped paint, cracked toilets poor flooring,air conditioning that doesn't work and because these bed rooms are so small it's a must. Must say sheets, towels where spotless but we stayed 2nights and no toiletries or tea, coffee where replenished even though house keeping called .staff not very friendly except the gentleman on the desk on the morning of checkout. We used Expedia to book this room on a secret saver and now we know why it's all a CON !!!! Because you if people saw this hotel they wouldn't book it and the secret of this so called secret saver is that you save nothing. Warning !you get better deals without using secret savers. Reason to use this hotel would…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or410-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Won't stay here again!,"After a rainy first day in London my husband and I just wanted a warm shower and a place to hang up our soaking wet coats. We were shown to a closet the hotel was trying to pass as a room. Our bathroom was down the hall and down a set of stairs! Supposedly no one else was using the bathroom but evidence proved otherwise. There was barely enough room for us to walk on one side of the bed let alone both sides. I had to crawl from the foot of the bed, over our luggage to get to my pillow. We couldn't hang up our coats or clothes to dry because the closet had no hangers. There was no hair dryer (as stated in listing) and no alarm clock and no phone. We asked for a wake-up call at 6 a.m. because we had a day tour booked for the next day but no one came.  Luckily I woke at 5 (could…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or410-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",“Well located and reasonably priced”,We stayed three nights with the family. Walking distance from Victoria Station. Room was a bit small but perfectly equipped. Bathroom had lovely marble. Breakfast room is nicely decorated with natural day light. Continental Breakfast had good selection. Reception staff were kind and polite.   Very affordable and we will return.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or410-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible - you will never get your money back,"You will be charged for incidentals you never had and promised refund after refund.  If you are lucky they will reply here saying they are working hard to improve - they are not, it is a grubby 2 star overpriced hotel with service to match.  Do not kid yourself these are one-off bad reviews, the place is a dump.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or415-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Small, expensive for quality but great location","The room although clean and very small had traces of damp on the walls and the shower rail was broken. Location is great, which is probably the reason for the crazy price for such poor facilities. Staff were friendly and nice.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or415-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea was a nice surprise,"After reading the reviews on here I did my best not to get my hopes or expectations up. However I am thoroughly impressed. The level of service was efficient and excellent. None of the food seemed stale and cheap, the refills of tea was also much appreciated. I believe going at a quieter time is better, as there was only 1 other group whilst we were there. I am impressed with the level of service and good value for money this afternoon tea is. I would advise future groups to go midweek later on (around 4) for attentive and friendly service. Bravo Tophams, you have exceeded my expectations. We left the hotel feeling satisfied and content.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or415-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very nice, as expected","Stayed here for one night and it went exactly how I hoped it would. Our check in was at 3pm, which was later than I read online, but that's okay because we could have left our luggage there whilst exploring our surroundings. Our room was very nice, clean and cozy. The staff could have been a bit more friendly, but it wasn't anything anything worth ruining our trip. Overall we had a great stay here.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or415-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",There's a moose loose aboot this hoose,"On arrival hopes were high as the reception looked okay however it was downhill from there. When I got given my room key card I was told that the bathroom was not in my room but next door, I thought okay my key card will open this....no....the bathroom was shared between other rooms and was not very nice (broken tiles, toilet seat, etc.) - £140 per night for a shared bathroom, ridiculous. I was about to go down to request another room with a bathroom when I saw what I thought was a shadow across the bottom of the door but it was actually a MOUSE! I went down to reception with all bags to tell them and was given another room but with the same bathroom - no apologies from the staff which I thought was awful. I woke up in the morning covered in bites, I'm guessing they were bedbug…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or415-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Hotel Belgravia,"This hotel is 2 star at best. Room 403 was disgusting: dark grubby, damaged furniture, stained walls. In-room selection of teas poor. Carpet badly stained. We requested a move and were given room 208. Brighter room, a bit cleaner. But bathroom floor tiles badly cracked, ceiling above show badly stained with damp, Safe in wardrobe (make that cupboard) had no batteries, TV had no remote control. Internal Telephone did not work so could not call reception. Breakfast limited, mouse poison bait stations in corners of dining room. Receptionist unable to address any concerns. No management on site at the week end, not even contactable by phone. Had to email complaints to managers. Still trying to get them to reply our complaints and get a refund. Service over all was terrible for a…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or420-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"We stayed here for 2 nights for the London marathon 2015. First room given to us was dark, dirty and the mattress like a trampoline, we complained and they found another room, which was better but still had problems. the staff were unhelpful. Breakfast was a joke, with nothing organised for early marathon runners. Charged £30 for incidentals and then told that refund would be in 10 days. Why they need to take money on first day is a mystery to me, as they can just as well take it when you book out! If needed. The TV had no remote control and was not working, the safe had no batteries, the manager cannot be contacted during weekends and the staff do not know the basic skills of hotel management including helping customers. They don't smile or say good morning . Shameful way to…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or420-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Ok, but could have been better","Good points:-  Excellent location;  A comfortable bed in good-sized room, with a good en-suite.  Polite staff.              Disappoointing points:-  Continental breakfast meagre, with poor choice. Extractor fan in en-suite did not work. Cracked pane in a bedroom window. Cigarette end + ash from a former guest found in our teapot. A replacement was quickly provided. No ordinary (English) tea provided initially - again, this was quickly rectified.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or420-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea wowcher deal,"Great location and easy to find from Victoria. Staff very friendly and attentive, lovely selection of teas, cakes and sandwiches. Really good value and very enjoyable. We booked for 1 o'clock on a Sunday and we were the only people there, would perhaps go later next time. Definitely recommend.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or420-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Doesn't deserve a four star rating,"Wish we had looked on trip advisor first, but we booked through an agent. Nice location, first appearances excellent. Unaware we would be asked for one hundred pound deposit, YES £100, on our card. Shown to room on top floor. Quite small and unbearably hot. Air con did not work, bathroom extractor did not work,safe to put personal items in would not lock and television did not work. After informing reception, they sent the waiter up to look at the TV problem. Not fixed. Promised things would be sorted next day. Arrived back in the evening to be told air con was still U/S but all rooms were full and they could not relocate us until the next day and  ""surely it isn't that hot"". Reroomed the next day.This safe didn't work either, big chunk of door surround (architrave) missing and…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or420-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dreadful hotel,"Awful hotel, our check-in was terriable, the receptionist was rude and obnoxious and would recommend the management dismiss her, then when we got to our room, the room smelt badly and stains on the ceiling, went to speak to the receptionist she was no help at all, this hotel is a health hazard and I hope health and safety authority gets involved, if the rooms are like this God knows what the rest of the hotel is like!!! I paid good money to stay here and this is deceiving people!! Please please consider before booking this hotel, no manager on site to discuss my issues!!!",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or425-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Really nice, huge bathroom","I'm not sure why this has so many bad reviews. My room was absolutely gorgeous, really spacious and nicely decorated. There was free wifi and a TV with lots of stations. There was plenty of storage and chairs, as well as a safe. There were also cute tea making facilities.  The bathroom was huge, with a bath on one side and a shower on the other. They have a heated towel rack, a magnified and lit make up mirror, and little soaps/shampoo also. There was one small water stain on the carpet in the corner of the room, but this didn't bother me at all since everything else was so clean.  The breakfast was disappointing, we got the continental which was basically some toast and a hard boiled egg (staff weren't the most attentive either) so I'd probably skip this and get breakfast out…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or425-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Triple Room,"We booked a room for 3 adults, myself my wife and my son aged 20. the room was average but the bed for the 3rd adult our son was totally inadequate, just a small zbed with a thin mattress that you could feel the bed springs through. we did ask for an extra mattress but never got this and therefore our son ended up sleeping on the floor with 1 thin mattress. overall our experience was not very good.  ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or425-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Appalling rooms and staff who don't care!,"This is probably the worst room I've ever stayed in.  Truly awful.  It was a single room on the top floor.  No bathroom, just shared facilities down a narrow corridor. No tea/coffee making facilities.  No curtains.  Broken lamp. And staff who didn't care less.  Woeful.                                             ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or425-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",worst place!!,"i have sent over pictures attached to this email regrading my stay at the tophams hotel in london. I'm very unhappy with the service we this hotel, we checked in on monday 6 of april around 2pm, very warm welcome but then was told they was going to block my card by £30.00 for damage i was unaware of this block before turning up at the hotel,and hey said it would be put back into my account when we checked out we went to our room and  a proper look round the room. dirty towels with black make up stains over them, used tampons and ear buds in the bathroom bin,shower door broken and cracks in the walls. As it was only small problems me and my boyfriend said we would stay in the room, i showered and we left the room and went to look round london, as location was amazing. We got back…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or425-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Deceiving hotel and nothing done with heating and shower Part 2 (28.3.15),"If you look at the other review with the same title as mine (bearing in mind i stayed here 3 weeks ago - my room had ALL the same problems...its like deja vu.  On arrival NO hairdryer, NO kettle, and TV remote didn't work. On complaining - hairdryer and kettle brought to room. Remote - taken for fixing later that evening - and the staff member also said the bulbs in our massive en-suite bathroom - would be replaced.  None of which happened - bathed in the dark.....and Breakfast in the am (the continental) was like Faulty Towers.  They brought the toast - before the tea. then the fruit juice, then the tea (all in strange cups) the milk was provided in another 'cup' (hard to pour)  I asked for the boiled eggs option - hilarious!!! - 2 eggs (warm) in shells - served on a tea plate.…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or430-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",what a let down in some areas,"Me and my husband stayed here for four nights...from the outside it looks good.. In our room nothing hardly worked....Hairdryer cuts out after a few minutes so best to bring your own..no remote control for tv unable to use subtitles hence equality act..staff didn't seem to be bothered when I informed them of this! The bed and pillows were very uncomfortable !! Breakfast was awful. We paid for continental breakfast which is not a buffet style if you ""don't ask you don't get"". It could be said training is needed with staff on how to serve breakfast (with a smile)..The hotel was fully booked but I guess most people like me where there for the first time so not actually in a position to comment until afterwards.  The good thing was it's in a good location, ,nevertheless would I stay…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or430-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",good and bad points,"The location couldn't have been better, with Victoria coach, train, tube and bus stations not far away, and the hotel itself was in a quiet street, hardly any traffic. Although it looked very smart on first appearances, there was a huge patch of damp in our room, and the grout in the bathroom was brown, which let the modern appliances and decoration down. There was also a big dent in the wall. Needs attention to these smaller details which let it down. Not a big room, but had the basics needed. The bed was very comfortable, with crisp clean sheets. The continental breakfast was most disappointing, the waitress smiled but couldn't explain the choices very well. The receptionist was dour and miserable which was very unwelcoming, although she did keep our back safe for us after…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or430-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No personality,"Me and our family went here. We had 2 rooms. Both the beds in our rooms was not worth using. Our beds were high on 1 side and low on the other, like a slide. The so called continental breakfast was terrible. The staff at this hotel had no personality, not helpful, arrogant or ignorant- from the management to the servers. I highly do not recommend this hotel to anyone. The cleaning lady came into our room at 9am-checkout time is 11am!!! Felt like we were rushed out of the hotel to accommodate other patrons. The Asian lady workin at the front didn't seem to help either. We asked if we could leave our luggage there until 5pm so we can shop since it was our last day there. She told us to put the luggage next to the couch in the lobby and they'll put it in the room later. When we…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or430-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hotel OK,We booked a room for 3 but 3rd bed was a camp bed luckily my sister is only small so the bed was OK otherwise this would have been a problem. Also duvet was really stained which was off putting. Location was good and check in check out speedy               ,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or430-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",One night,"After problem with room booked curtain rail broken curtain hanging at side could not be pulled across window facing other windows. changed room immediately , staff excellent at all times, couldn't be more helpful, close to amenities, station, pubs resturants,  rooms tired in need of redecorating, maybe carpets replaced, but aware of costs. All bedding very clean , tea coffee and fridge, although on road no major traffic problem.                ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or435-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't believe the description,"On the face of it the hotel reception is lovely, however, even though it says on the website that there is a restaurant they only seem to serve breakfast. I cannot comment on the rooms as they had, apparently over-booked although it was 7pm and there was nobody around except for me.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or435-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolute disgrace !!,"Last stayed here 2 years ago and had such a shock at what we found on our visit last week.  No heating in our room, patio door wouldn't close, room very shabby, TV hanging off the wall, no remote, no milk, apart from all this as we are ""very British"" we gave it a go. After an awful cold night and a slightly disgruntled husband i decided to show him the state of the shower, disgusting, full of hair and gunck, hadn't been cleaned for months. Breakfast was grim. Asked to see the hotel manager who was very abrupt as was the receptionist/s and on showing her our room had an answer for everything, she even said that she personally inspects each room before guest arrival. We were given another room later in the afternoon but the whole experience spoilt our short break. What has angered…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or435-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea.,"A Mother's Day treat from my daughter. I read the reviews and was a tad apprehensive about visiting but I am so glad we went. The hotel itself is just a hotel, it was the staff and the experience that made it a good memory. The staff were efficient friendly and very professional. The tea itself was plentiful tasty and fresh. Often being asked if we needed more drinks by our lovely waitress but by no means was she ever intrusive. The afternoon was lovely . Thank you everyone.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or435-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't Let The Lobby Fool You...,"as what lies behind the façade of a swanky decorated lobby is a dodgy hotel.  My boyfriend and I stayed there for a few days and was surprised at the upkeep (or lack thereof) at this hotel.  From door handles that broke off, to mattress in the hall blocking the fire exit, chipped paint on walls, lamps that looked like they just came out of the trash or mislabeled phones. They need to either lower there rates OR fix the property up...  Please save your money and stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or435-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great stay, price and location","I stayed in this hotel in March 2015. After reading the reviews I was a little apprehensive about what to expect. To be honest I expected a run down, smelly dirty hotel!   I arrived in London at 11am and thought I would ask if there was any chance I could store my luggage somewhere in the hotel as check in wasn't until 2PM. I was lucky enough to be given my room straight away, much earlier than the check in time which was wonderful! The room I booked was a double en suite and I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, some of the furnishings may have a little wear and tear but the room itself was spotless. The bed was clean and comfortable and for staying one night - what more do you want? It was clean, cheap and comfortable, and that is what I was paying for.  Although it was included in…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or440-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Really bad afternoon tea,"We had a voucher for champagne afternoon tea for two. It was definitely the worst afternoon tea we've experienced. The teas are just a small selection of tea bags to choose from - nothing exciting. I'm a vegetarian and the sandwiches (which were stale) that we got were cucumber & cream cheese, cheese & tomato and egg mayonnaise. Not very imaginative, filling or nice! Also probably cost about £1 to make... A lot of the cutlery, glassware and crockery were dirty and the cake stand was falling apart. You don't actually get champagne, it's prosecco which is obviously cheaper. The cakes were all stale and definitely bought. Lastly, we weren't asked if everything was all right or if we wanted anything else at all.   It was basically awful and I can't believe the hotel think they can…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or440-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Beware of the £30 charge on arrival that does not get returned,"I agree with all of the other many reviews on here who rated the hotel as terrible after a very poor experience having stayed at Tophams on business recently. I also wanted to warn other people of the charge that is taken from your card on arrival. In normal hotels this is just the card imprint they take to cover any extras, however in this hotel they feel the need to actually withdraw the money from your account with the promise that it will be returned 3 days later. Two months later I am waiting for this money to be returned to my account.  We have chased on numerous occasions and have been passed around from person to person as well as fobbed off with the latest excuse that we need to request the money back from our bank.   Do not be fooled by the four star rating - you get…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or440-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Quiet, Central location.","After reading reviews on here we where a bit apprehensive but this was a nice quiet hotel in a very central location , staff all helpful and pleasant (luggage stored and good recommendations for evening meal). Our room was small (not for London though) clean and comfortable great shower only down side was a few small maintenance issues ie toilet flush very loose , curtains bit wobbly , stain on carpet and only basic tea and coffee supplies but more offered as soon as we asked. The breakfast too was a bit confusing on the first day, nice fresh croissants. We'd stay again because of the location.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or440-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Star rating way out of date,"Must say we were apprehensive after reading a few of the reviews, but we were welcomed very warmly.   Was straightforward to find room and on initial appearance was reasonable. Definitely some decor issues that need fixing, lots of shoddy paintwork. Bathroom had been repainted at some point but they have failed to do basic cutting in. Tiles missing and grouting none existent. Room had water staining to ceiling and window was not lockable.  Bed was soft, but not pocket sprung so plenty of roll together. So not the best of nights sleep.   Paid for breakfast to be included. Not the best, continental really didn't meet expectations. You could have a boiled egg (no choice of how you want it - hard is what you get), cereals or fruit. At least this is what they want you to think. Ask…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or440-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Went there yesterday for Afternoon Tea for a friends birthday, we had book through a Wowcher deal, should have been the equivalent price of £64 for 2 people. So very glad we didn't pay that amount for it.   We had a table booked for 6 of us, unfortunately on 5 of us were able to make this. We tried to explain to the waitresses that there would only be 5 of us, this seemed to confuse them somewhat, after being asked at least 5 times (with them going back to among themselves and muttering under their breaths) they finally accepted that there were only to be 5 of us.   So then they started by bring over the glasses of prosecco, the waitresses was unable to carry more than 2 glasses at a time, so took 3 trips for 5 glasses to be served and then to top it all off the Prosecco itself…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or445-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",2 Stars - Bad experience,"I stayed at The Tophams just in the last 4 nights and I have to say that it was probably one of the worst 4 stars hotel that I haver visited.  In fact, I don't think it is a 4 stars at all: at the check in I was barely greeted and smiled at, then I was given a very small room on the second floor, that had several problems, including a telephone that wasn't working, a safe that was not closing, a missing remote control for the tv, only very few soap to wash yourself with - not exactly something you would expect from a 4 stars. The tv was fixed on the wall, but in a very uncomfortable angle, so it could not be enjoyed at all. Breakfast was included but only to discover that they only offered tea or coffee, apple or orange juice and a choice of fruit salad or boiled egg. They also…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or445-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Location is great, rest need improvements","Imagine this... You arrive to Victoria station, its a sunny February day and during the short (5 min) walk towards the hotel you pass people sitting outside drinking coffee. When you get close you realize on the cars and buildings that this is quite an upscale area. Your expectations rise a bit and especially when the hotel is located in a similar building.   As soon as you step into the hotel this all fades away very quickly. Staff was stressed and didn't really care that you arrived. All ideas of luxury disappears when you see the rundown interior. The rooms was ok in size, but furniture was old and very used (like paint scraped of the corners etc). There was a visible crack in the wall and visible stains on the lamps.   Breakfast the day after was chaotic. To few staff…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or445-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The location was an excellent choice. Close to central London. 5 minutes from Victoria Underground station. Room was comfortable, clean and had everything you need. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only negative was that some small things in the room  needed maintenance, but this did not really bother us. I will recommend Tophams Hotel to everyone that needs a central location in London and at a reasonable price",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or445-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",personal experiece,"My wife and I were staying overnight on the 24 February on a  theatre break organised by Superbreak , having booked and then read previous comments on this hotel ,we were to say the least slightly nervous about what to expect from this hotel Our apprehensions were not realised On arrival we  we're greeted by a very polite young lady who allocated us a first floor room(6) as previously requested.The room was large ,well furnished if a bit ""tired""but comfortable The following morning we had a petite continental breakfast,portions ideal for some one on a diet or did not value choice.Service was quick and the food quality good As we were not leaving London to early evening we asked if we could leave our small travelling case.This request was auctioned by another equally polite and…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or445-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Poor and unacceptable. Booked for a special birthday the deal advertised was for a voucher for 2 people to have afternoon tea  including glass of sparkling wine for the equivalent value of £64.  Very little to eat, sandwiches sparse,  2 with just very large lumps of cucumber in, cakes small and stale. Jam for scone in a tiny plastic package similar to motorway service products.    Hotel toilet unclean with broken toilet seat and hand dryer out if action. Seats in restaurant area very shabby including carpets",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or450-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Awful, awful, awful!!!","I had planned a weekend away with my Mother and took a while to choose somewhere nice for her. Well I made a big mistake!! On arrival the staff were unfriendly and dismissive, the room was down a very gloomy narrow corridor, but no matter the room will be fine I thought (hoped). The first thing that hit us was the smell, oh it was awful, a damp unpleasant smell that just wouldn't go. We opened the window this helped a little but it was always there, but it was freezing. I was uncomfortable to ask for a room change as the manner of the staff on the reception really was one of impatience. The breakfast was rubbish. Had to clear the table ourselves to be able to sit down, said good morning and was ignored. No cooked food if you had booked the continental and £20 for an English…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or450-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stuck in lift for 45 mins - appalling service,"I stayed here a few weeks ago and upon arrival I was going to my room and the lift got stuck between levels 1 and 2. I tried the emergency call button several times, but it dialled and did not connect. When I stood in one corner of the lift, I was able to get a signal to my mobile. I found the hotel number off their website and called reception. A woman came up and said they have called an engineer, and that they will try to open the door. She was unable to open the door and went back downstairs. She came back to let me know that the engineer will be another 10-15 minutes and went back. The engineer arrived and opened the door and helped lift me out on level 2. I was amazed that no one from the hotel staff had turned up. I explained what happened to the engineer and mentioned…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or450-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible,Terrible terrible terrible. Awful staff. Except the poor waitress. Exceptionally rude staff who were far too busy having a chat to help anyone. The rooms very cramped and dark and everything was broken and didn't work! Worse place I've stayed in. ,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or450-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Not the best, had better! Firstly reserved table 2 weeks ago and called to double check but they did had no record of it! Asked for champagne - got processco. Asked for vegetarian sandwiches when made the booking - got meat!  Overall quality of food was not good. Dated hotel",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or450-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgrace.,"As I arrived in what looked like a lovely reception area, I immediately guessed there were troubles ahead. I was ignore for several minutes as the receptionist told a guest that her room wasn't closed because they were understaffed...no apology...no offer of immediate service...just a stroppy call to someone after the guest had left the room about 'complaining'. She then simply asked for my credit card and rang up a £20 transaction without informing me what it was for. My room was in the 'Mews' (Mews 3) which sounded cosy and luxurious....it was not. The corridor was cramped with a couple of office-like rooms nearby with loud voices and the smell of cleaning products in the air. The room itself was small but, on first inspection, seemed clean at least. However, as I took in my…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or455-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location & value,"We had booked a deal with Superbreaks, return train tickets fro Essex & a night at the Eaton Square hotel including continental breakfast for £45 /person. We arrived at 11pm after seeing a show, there was a note on the door of the Eaton Square hotel requesting that we check in at the Tophams Hotel a few yards down the road. Reception was beautifully decorated & welcoming with a real fire. The staff were helpful and informed us they had allocated us a room in the Tophams hotel & that a full English breakfast was included. Our room was Mews 2, this was a basement room, it was beautifully decorated, the bed was comfortable, there was a safe, hair drier, internet access ( I don't know if you had to pay for this as we didn't use it) & tea & coffee making facilities. The bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or455-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fabulous stay,"Lovely boutique hotel, staff very friendly and helpful, room good size and cleaned. The hotel is situated in a fantastic area walking distance to many places. The restaurants around the area are lovely, the breakfast was lovely and serviced well. Will differently come back.  ",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or455-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic location and super service.,"Slightly burlesquely decorated, this several storey terraced town house hotel has a character of its own. The rooms are small but tastefully decorated with modern bathrooms, fabulous power shower and a bath. It is fantastically located near Victoria Stn so great for theatre trips. So many restaurants within walking distance the competition keeps the price down and service high. The rooms were ready for us when we arrived at 0830 am! However, they could do with some better sound-proofing as the rampant couple nearby kept me awake for 2 nights on the trot! The breakfast was served quickly and efficiently and nothing was too much trouble. Would definitely stay again but would take earplugs! ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or455-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Friendly staff, excellent location","Ok so its not the best hotel in London, but for the price paid it was very nice. The staff very helpful  and responsive when I had an issue with the room key & the TV. Breakfast was plentiful, fresh & hot. You are 15 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace, 2 minutes walk from Victoria underground, from which its a few stops to Oxford street, Houses of Parliament, Tower bridge, etc. would recommend and will definitely use again.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or455-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Awesome location, Lumpy bed, Poor room cleaning, Helpful frontdesk","Awesome Location a few minutes from Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace. My wife liked the firmness of the mattress but I disliked that it was full of lumps. On check-in, our room contained snacks left behind from the previous tenant. Each night we returned to a room with bed made and trash emptied but little other noticeable cleaning.   Rarely were our teabags, soap or shampoo replaced. Carpets retained crumbs for days. To their credit, the cleaning staff seemed to worked hard and had tiny hallways and stairwells to carry their things through. The front desk was accommodating to my requests (more tea bags, ice, etc). Dining room staff was pleasant but a bit disorganized - we saw one bread basket served which was obviously previously cleared off another table (half eaten…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or460-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",More shabby than chic,"I booked this hotel together with theatre tickets via Superbreak. The hotel was described as a ""stylish and fashionable boutique hotel"" in the heart of London.   My wife and I found our room (room 101) to be rather shabby, the curtain pull cord didn't work, one curtain was detached from its track. There was an old water stain on the bedroom ceiling, two broken hangers in the wardrobe the wardrobe shelf was very dusty. The bathroom was very spacious, probably the same size as the bedroom, but unfortunately extremely cold with only one towel rail to heat the room. Mould could be seen on the ceiling above the shower.  The hotel lift was not working and the hotel bar had no alcohol. The dining room chairs all had badly flaking upholstery.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or460-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Terrible, will never come back!","This place is absolutely awful,  the pictures looked so nice on the website but when got come and e the place in real life you get so disappointed.  Everything is old and destroyed.  I will never ever put my legs here again.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or460-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Small nice hotel- great location,"I had a great time. The staff were helpful. I was a little late for breakfast - and they were okay with it. Had a small issue in the room and they fixed it. I would certainly stay there again. I was on the third floor and stayed in this really quirky room where the bathroom was at a different level. Wifi could be better- but for the price, i thought I had a great room and experience. (And for you James Bond fans, Ian Fleming stayed next door to this hotel)",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or460-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"We book a weekend with afternoon tea and i must say that i really don't know how they got all this bad reviews.  The staff was  very pleasant , we got our room very quick.Nice room, good overnight sleep.  Very delicious afternoon tea , great selection of pastries and teas.  We had a great stay i will definitely come back",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or460-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Returned guest,"This is the second time I have returned, I can say the service in the reception is great, very well spoke British lady checked me in, very polite and smiling at all times. Staff were very polite at breakfast. Difinitely would come back, rooms cleaned and area good to be in.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or465-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Stay,"Right in the heart of London, a great hotel which has kept the original look of the building but modernising it for todays market  Attentive staff looked after my guests and helped to find a parking spot for me too",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or465-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"A friend and I wanted to treat ourselves to afternoon tea, I  found a deal on Wowcher.com for Tophams Hotel which I thought looked lovely so I bought it. What a mistake it was. We were sat in souless, tatty dining room where we ended up playing our own music in the hope of masking the awkward silence of the place. We were then given a glass of Prosecco, which brightened up the experience a little, however this was followed by a 3 tiered cake stand of stale cakes and sandwiches, (the picture we saw online showed 5 plates but we later found out this was stolen from a different website). We ate what we could of the food as we were starving, having been saving ourselves for it all day, but really it was not nice at all.   We compained to the manager on duty, she stated that the…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or465-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Something need to share,"I was in Tophams hotel last month for 3 nights  with my wife. The location was very close to Victoria and backingham palace. Nice location. Very worm and pleasant welcome from reception at midnight. We was very tired and we was been offered drinks,which was really wonderful. Room was small in third floor, but clean and tidy and very quite. Bathroom with shower and bath was clean.TV wasnt working but was been fixed within few minutes after informing  to reception. Otherwise everything was nice and comfortable. Breakfast in morning was okey, but it need to be improved to a standard for a 4 star hotel. Waitress was nice but louder to talking and very slow to serve. We wait more than 10 minutes to be served our breakfast. Management should take care of it. Otherwise everything was…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or465-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent and Beautiful Hotel,"Myself and boyfriend have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Topham Hotel, and I can honestly say it was a great hotel to stay during our visit to London.   We arrived early around 11am but since check-in wasn't until 2pm the staff were helpful and said they would look after our bag/cases til we returned later, it suited us as we went for breakfast and walk around. Arrived back at the hotel at 8pm and our cases were put in our beautiful room.  Our room was stunning! Modern and beautifully decorated, couldn't fault it in the slightest. Toilet was spotless with a bath & shower. Towels and bedding changed every day.   Overall a very pleasant stay and would definitely return to this hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or465-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing hotel,"My husband booked this as a Christmas treat thinking Belgravia how grand. The first time we have ever requested the room be recleaned on arrival, bed untidy and toilet not flushed.  Room very shabby, refreshments not replenished and you would expect biscuits for that price and if you have a separate shower 2 bath mats to soak up leaky shower are required. Reception staff very cold and did not give us  a safe key we just thought the batteries had been pinched. We British still have standards to expect.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or470-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Horrible, Filthy Pit","Simply disgusting room - damp mould on the walls, stains on the lights, hairs in the bed and hairs in the bath.  Marks all over the walls, filthy carpets and dirty bathrooms. The reception area looks OK but the room was dire - treat yourself to an upgrade and sleep on the street!",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or470-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Night in London,"We were given a Gin Tasting Experience at the Carlton Towers so decided to make a night of it and stay in town. We were offered a deal at Topham's for a room and breakfast.  Whilst the room was very compact it was clean and had everything we needed. The shame was that the shower in the bath leaked water all over the place.  The tiles, mirrors, taps and fittings were all rather tired and in need of an update. That having been said the bed was comfortable. Breakfast was something else - not good! Continental and very basic. The waitresses were young and in need of some training to serve properly! A shame as they tried but were not very good! Overall an OK experience and at £145 acceptable but could be better.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or470-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Few things about hotel,"Breakfast was very poor, the  heating in the bathroom was not working and the staff on the reception was very not helpfull.  The hotel only has good location nothing else. Staff from the hotel speaks english very bad.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or470-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great experience at the tophams hotel in london,"I've been at the tophams hotel in London for three nights in December 2014 with my girlfriend and two friends and their daughter. We had a great time, the hotel is clean and nice, people are kind and friendly and the Director Sean was such a great man always ready to meet all our needs and make our holiday remarkable. I'll stay there next time I'll be in London and suggest travellers to book at the Tophams hotel which is very conveniently based very very close to Victoria Station one of the most important area in London. Breakfast was good and fully satisfying. Rooms were not too small and the bathroom nice and clean and there were both the bathtub and the cubicle shower.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or470-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cold and generally shabby,"Gave this hotel a 2nd star for its proximity to the station as it really is very close to Victoria, Buckingham palace and some lovely Independant restaurants. BUT we were in a basement ""mews"" room and it was freezing. The heater did little to warm us and having an uninsulated Fire exit in the bathroom didn't help either. There were other small details like the taps on the bath being labelled wrong that just leads me to believe this is a hotel that's been cobbled together in haste with no attention to details. The receptionist who checked us in was rude and abrupt and we didn't complain before leaving as we heard almost every other guest with the same grievances complain ahead of us to no avail. Overall the room provided us with what we needed for one night but I would not wish…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or475-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very poor,OK lets start with the good bits - good location as very close to Victoria Station. Room clean and tidy although pretty small.  Time for all the bad points.....upon arrival staff very unfriendly - not even a smile or a welcome in the slightest. The lady on reception was very unfriendly and more bothered about answering the phone while keeping us waiting. We arrived at 2.45pm and room wasn't ready despite being told it would be ready for 2pm. We sat and waited and then eventually made our way to the room. As I mentioned rooms a lot smaller than they appear - however they are clean - although cleaner was still hoovering when we walked in. The TV didn't work properly - possibly free view signal. We were woken at 8.05am with 2 cleaners chatting outside our room. I left it 5 minutes…,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or475-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",bad experince,"we arrived at this hotel to be told the room was not ready when check in on our paper work was 1.oclock so they offered us another room no 12 up the road at number 28 they could not unlock iit then they tried 2 other room but they  where not ready and it smelt old and dirty in no 28 . so because the rooms where not ready they offered 304 but we had to pay extra £30 the room was a disgrace the bed was like a banana the shower was dirty the room was not 4star by any means we asked to see the manager and he was a complete waste of time ,he said I can offer you English breakfast this was not the point because of there incompetence we had to pay the extra and his words where I ill have to contact the owners what is the point off having a manager and the receptionist was rude…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or475-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, average hotel","Great location, great decour,  spacious and clean room,  But there were things that made this a three star hotel.  The mattresses was do soft, it was awful and a disgrace, no glasses in the room and the breakfast cost less than £1 to make for the hotel.  Staff obliging.  If the management replaced all the mattresses, spent a bit more on housekeeping and provided better value for money breakfast then it could be a wonderful hotel.  Prefer not to stay again, but wouldn't rule it out.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or475-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Charming hotel in great location,"The room was large, clean and beautifully decorated. The luxurious furnishings gave it a warm, cosy feel. There were a couple of minor issues to do with wifi, the hot/cold water, but the staff were extremely helpful in sorting out any problems.  The breakfast was very nice and the staff dealt quickly and capably with dietary requirements, and were happy to provide soya milk.  I would be happy to stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or475-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Walked out.,We arrived late and we were given a room that was tiny with a small double bed with old battered furniture.They had put a single bed in this tiny room too which we didnt need. The safe was old and wouldn't open.I couldn't spend one hour there never mind 2 nights. We left after 10 minutes to go elsewhere.The staff were shocked to see us go and did offer another room but we had made our minds up to leave despite the prepayment.I do not recommend this hotel although it is close to Victoria Station.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or480-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AlanB,"Stayed here for 3 nights.The hotel  was clean and the dining area was bright  and the serving staff were friendly.The housekeeping however is somewhat lax.The bedside lamp in our room did not work,the window blind stuck halfway,the shaving mirror in the bathroom was missing and although a kettle was supplied after the first night the tea and coffee sachets were not replenished.Trivial maybe but not for a hotel graded 4 star! We were on the 4th floor and as the lift only goes as far as the 3rd floor this meant exiting the lift, descending a flight of stairs,along a narrow corridor and ascending  2 flights of stairs to reach our room.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or480-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Should have read trip adviser before booking!,I always like to make my own mind up about things but I must say I concur with most of what has already been said about this place. It's not fair to say the rooms were small its a boutique hotel in an historic part of London in an old building so allowances need to be made. However the mattresses....... Oh my god! It was truly horrific. They remind me of ones people throw out in a public tip as they replace them with a new one. It is fair to say that it was the worst night I have ever had in a hotel EVER. The mattress needs to be chucked out as a matter of urgency. It was totally knackered I had to sleep at the bottom as it was less painful to lie on and the springs didn't dig in as much. The continental breakfast well that is something else. A cold hard boiled egg two cheap…,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or480-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor poor poor,"My dog sleeps on a better mattress, rooms small , overpriced, breakfast , 12.5% discretionary charge on top of a very poor meal, disgusting £4 can of coke .!! Scandalous .!! Would never recommend or return ..!!!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or480-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",janb,had 2 night stay at this hotel. is in a very good location for victoria station and bus and underground just 4 mins away.bedroom small but clean and comfy.bathroom big with sepetate shower cubicle.breakfast waiter service was good choice of full english or continental.i would only say kettle in room didnt work had to ask twice for repla cement teas and coffees and tiolet rolls werent replenished and no bar to relax in after being out all day. for a 1/2 night stay is fine.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or480-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not worth 4 Stars,"I know it's difficult to find value for money hotels in London, but this hotel is definitely not worth 4 stars!! There were stains in the ceiling of my room, there was a stain in the carpet which was wet right at the bathrooms entrance, the shower was not working properly. The room was cold and the extra blankets were so gross that I preferred to be cold all night. What is worse, most of the staff (not all of them) were quite rude. I left an adaptor in my room and when I returned in the afternoon to pick up my luggage I asked for assistance with this matter. They told me to go knock on the door of the new guest!!  Not at all what I would expect in an hotel classified as Luxury and that has 4 stars",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or485-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Much improved from last visit....,"I stay at this hotel at least five times per year. On my most recent visit I noticed a bring improvement.  I received a very warm welcome from a charming elderly gentleman who I believe is the General Manager. He offered me tea and a croissant on arrival as I just arrived from Dubai. He assured me to get my room ready and within one hour I had my  room. The room was nice and everything worked, unlike my first visit. I got the impression that the manager really cared about his clients.  For this reason alone I will stay again and recommend it to my company.  I like the personal touches and being made to feel welcome. Keep up the improvements in this nice property and good location.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or485-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice and good accomodation,"The room, breakfast, accomodations are good and the male host on Sunday and Monday morning was especially nice and polite!  Also the ladies of the breakfastteam do a job good and try their best! They are lovely.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or485-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Comfortable, Good Value, would stay there again","On reading the reviews before we travelled we were horrified to think we were staying at this hotel. We travelled down to London for an overnight stay Saturday - Sunday.  The hotel is located close to Victoria Station and very easy to get to.  It is also situated perfectly for walking and exploring nearby Westminster, Buckingham Palace, The London Eye, The Dungeons etc. On arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by a friendly receptionist. We were in room 206 which was clean, the bed comfortable, tea, coffee, iron and ironing board provided.  The room had a few issues with 'wear' but nothing to detract from the stay.  We had continental breakfast included in the price but chose to pay and additional £4 each for the full English.  Breakfast is served at your table, you get juice…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or485-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Depends what you want ,"It's clean and well located for Victoria Station.   Beds are shocking. The mattresses are shot. I tried a few.   Breakfast - Bacon is okay, sausages are appalling (there is no excuse for serving a bad sausage anywhere in the UK, especially London).   I personally will not be using this place again. ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or485-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Perfect location, rest does not work.","resection is worse then Faulty Towers, we can not talk bad about the service, there was non. The bed was like sleeping in a trampoline. Bathroom was bigger than the bedroom. Our trip was great but it was not for the hotel ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or490-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unbelievably bad...,"DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL  There is something seriously wrong with this hotel. Arrived at 9.30 at night to be told - 'your reservation hasn't been made'. No rooms available. The receptionist booked us a room at a different hotel which turned out to be a hotel in Earl's Court that could only be described as a 2 star nightmare - dirty, falling apart and no better than a squat. We didn't stay there, had a terrible night finding alternative accommodation. APPALLING TREATMENT. DISGUSTING HOTEL.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or490-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid at all cots,"The only positive attribute of this hotel is its proximity to Victoria Station.  The rooms were old and noisy; the bed was uncomfortable; both taps/spigots ran hot water; every room safe we saw was broken; the phones didn't work; the refrigerator was dirty; the breakfast was poor and expensive; with the exception of the manager Sean, the staff had no understanding of pleasing the customer. We were offered a room at their 'other property' down the street - I have stayed in better places as an impecunious student. If proximity to Victoria station is what you are looking for, may I suggest Grosvenor Gardens, closer to the station. The park benches there would be just as comfortable and much cheaper.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or490-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Staff,"On arriving, very heavy front door. Had booked continental breakfast but was told I had hadnt. One particular staff member very unaccommodating. Went to my room which was tiny, no where to put suitcase, view was brick work. After settling in went back out to reception...a new girl was on. Explained my situation re breakfast and she immediately was happy to provide continental breakfast. With the other receptionist you would've thought it was coming out of her own pocket. I mean, its not like the continental breakfast was anything to write home about. Very basic. For 15pound...a rip off. Fortunately all other staff were great. The hotel also desperately needs a printer for its guest internet access. Having to email to hotel reception what I wanted printed off was to me an…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or490-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not what we expected,"Arrived at 11am.  Immediately asked for a £30 deposit for extras we may want and told that we had only got a continental breakfast when we had most certainly booked for a full English.  Eventually it was agreed we could have a full English and we had to offer up a credit card for the £30..  On first inspection, lobby etc looked very nice, small but as described.  We returned at 5 and looked at our room.  Could not believe the size of it! It was a twin room and the beds had so obviously been moved from their former 'double' as the doluble headboard was fixed to the wall.  Tea & coffee facilities were difficult to get to being in a very small alcove between a bed and the wall. Thought, OK for 1 night but glad we were not staying longer, until we saw the bathroom.  Had lots of…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or490-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Convenient for central london,"A very welcomming hotel in the heart of London. Within walking distance of Victoria. Late check-in. Continental breakfast included, full English extra!   Room appeared to be at final stages of renovation (a couple of tiles missing in bathroom) but will be fantastic when complete.   Excellent value for such a central location.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or495-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We went with the PG Tips buy one get one free offer. It was advertised as ""Selection of Finger Sandwiches: Smoked Salmon, Ham and Cheese, Cheese and Tomato, Cucumber and Cream Cheese. Luxury Scones with Clotted Cream and Strawberry Preserve. Assorted Pastries. Your choice of Tea from our Tea Menu""  It turned out that we were the only ones there and all the tables except ours were set for breakfast – ours was the same except it had three small economy strawberry jam tubs there as well. They gave us a glass of prosecco [except it was sweet rather than dry] and after 15 mins or so brought us our afternoon tea. I was wondering why my cream cheese and tomato sandwiches had orange tinges on it but realised of course he had used the knife from the smoked salmon once I had tasted the…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or495-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not 4* & not a warm welcome!!,"We chose this hotel for location, plus we expected a recently refurbished 4* boutique hotel. Upon arrival the receptionist didn't even look up so we felt like an interruption! Then our booking couldn't be located so she went off to check with reservations! She came back and wanted a credit card with £30 to cover 'extras' we may want! I said we wouldn't want any & hadn't been advised this was a requirement. No apology just card or cash required! Off to our room on  first inspection looked ok, small but adequate. Upon further inspection we found that the ceiling must leak as stains on bedside lamp & ceiling. Bed was very low but was ok. Mini fridge & tea/coffee making facilities. Bathroom was new and had bath and separate shower & odd fire exit which led to front street!…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or495-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrifying experience for a woman travelling alone,"My experience this week at Topham's is, without exaggeration, one of the most unpleasant episodes of my entire life.  I was sent to this hotel from the Knightsbridge Green Hotel where I had a booking which could not be honoured as they were full.  I had assumed this was a sister hotel of Knightsbridge Green but instead they have some sort of fraudulent arrangement going on where Knightsbridge Green takes customer's money up front by credit card, denies the room booking then sends customers on to Topham's which then attempts to extort £150 by menaces.  Not only is Topham's a grade one dump complete with peeling paint, dark corridors and hideous semi basement rooms that make one want to open a vein, it is also staffed by a Chinese receptionist who is clearly mentally unwell and…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or495-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cancelled Booking,"I turned up to Tophams Hotel at 10pm, after a long journey, to be told my room had been cancelled earlier in the day.  I don't know who was to blame for this error but the member of staff on Reception was one of the most unhelpful people I have met.  She offered no apology or assistance and I was left stranded, faced with trying to find alternative accommodation, late at night.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or495-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Location, location, location","although I had a poor initial experience at this hotel, I booked a twin room for 2 nights which they didn't have, staff removed our belongings to another room without our consent and although reception staff were unable to solve this, Sean Harte the manager gave us a full no quibble refund. This hotel is in an excellent location close to Victoria rail, tube and coach stations. 10 mins walk from Buckingham Palace. The rooms were very clean with modern furnishings and wifi and air con that worked well. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again if I needed a double room.  ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or500-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very nice hotel,"Very nice hotel. It is 3-4 min. Walk from Victoria st. with a lot train connection. We will visit again next time in London.  Nice area, close to Buckingham Palace. The rooms are small, but very nice.  Nice staff. We didn't eat at the hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or500-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This is NOT 4 STAR !!!!,"I stayed here on Tuesday and quite frankly it was a complete rip off. A tiny room for 175 pounds, damp wall above the wardrobe with mould growing, no hand towels, tired grubby carpet, damaged walls, just awful !!   It's clear that this is a self certified 4* and not a genuine rating by any stretch of the imagine.  Do not book this hotel whatever you do !!!!!",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or500-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Hotel - Avoid at all costs!,"Recently stayed at Topham's Hotel and expected a, certain standard, given the 4* rating and website profile and pictures.  Upon arrival I was told that my booking had been cancelled as one of the agents they use had gone bankrupt (after charging my credit card!).  They did reinstate my booking and I was able to check in and they would attempt to get payment from the agent.  The basement room I was allocated was damp smelling, had a dripping tap, flaked paint on the ceiling, broken bathroom tiles and stained carpets and flimsy fire door out onto the street. I requested a new room and although apparently 'fully booked' I was given a suite.  This wasn't much better, a very uncomfortable springy bed, large hole in the ceiling where air conditioning should have been and again ripped…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or500-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Hotel to be avoided at all costs,"My 5 nights stay was terrible and I wish never to repeat them.  The mattress was a bag of springs that poked at me all night.  There was no room for my suitcases they were put under the desk to be opened. I put the only chair in the room in the shower when not in use to get around. The staff were unpleasant from the moment I walked into the hotel and had at times very poor English skills. When asked for information they were singularly unhelpful.  I had booked and paid for an early check-in as I was coming off a 24 hour flight and had to work in the afternoon. The room was not ready, and I was put in a temporary room for the first day.  To get to it was a lift to the 3rd floor, then up and down stairs.  What happens if there is a fire I have no idea.  I was joined on three…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or500-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Out of date food, broken bed, smelly pillows and stray pubic hairs","The room was £152 for one night, lets start with the positive, the curtains were great at blocking out daylight.  The rest: 1) I was show to my room, which was tiny, dank, dark, dirty and had a toilet external to the bedroom, accessed via a communal corridor (pictures attached).  I 2) There was a faulty alarm panel right outside the room that emitted a constant siren. 3) I asked to charge room and was shown to a room in the basement. The bathroom in the basement had the most overpowering smell of mould.  4) There was another alarm panel, again emitting a siren. 5) The bed was broken, it was a slings mattress and 20% of the slings had collapsed. 6) I changed room again and was shown to a room on the second floor. The pillows stank and when I took the covers off, the pillows were…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or505-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs to do so much more,"The reception area looked cluttered and the receptionist seemed stressed out.   The furniture in this area looked as if it has been procured from Bid TV complete with mock canon and a gaudy globe.  I had concerns when allocated a room on the 4th floor only to find that the elevators' highest floor was the 3rd!  The room was extremely small, even by London standards, and did not strike me as being particularly clean.  The safe in the room was defective with part of the front of it missing and the thermostat control for the shower was absent.  Continental breakfast was included in the rate and was of an extremely poor standard.  I don't think I shall be returning to this establishment at any stage in the future.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or505-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a 4 Star... ,I booked Tophams hotel for my husbands birthday weekend away. It was more about location for us but I was very sceptical as I had read very negative reviews regarding this hotel.  Good Points... - 5 minute walk from Victoria train and tube station. Great location. - Clean hotel.  - Value for money in Belgravia.  Bad Points... - Rooms are small - Curtain was broken and hanging over rail - Stained carpets - Chipped furniture  - Cracked bathroom tiles - The bed was the most uncomfortable bed we have ever stayed in. We both feel like we need to see a chiropractor today.  - No special touches as I had mentioned it being my husbands birthday.  I would not be rushing back but for people wanting something as a base and close to Victoria this could be for you but do not expect a lot.  ,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or505-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Headed to London to visit the Queen...?,"Then try this perfectly clean, reasonable and well-appointed hotel. It is close to the Tube at Victoria Station as well as the Thames. And well within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, the EYE, Westminster, restaurants and theater. On a quiet street with very friendly staff. I would certainly stay there again and hope I have the chance. The queen's tea and breakfasts are probably better, but in a pinch, the ones here will do.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or505-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Perfect for City Break,"Booked for a late romantic breakaway with my partner.  Hotel staff were helpful and friendly.  Room was clean and ready on our arrival and had late check out.  Would definitely recommend this hotel for a weekend city break and would stay again on our next visit to London. Didn't have any breakfast as woke up late, oops!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or505-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Definately NOT 4 star!,"Good location and welcoming reception area desperately disappointed when I got to my room to find a broken toilet seat, hair in the bath, a toilet that wouldn't flush and stained carpets.  I asked to move rooms, which was no issue, and was moved to a room with a TV that wasn't working, 2 telephones that weren't working, a broken lamp and more stained carpets.  Asked to move a 3rd time and was silenced mid conversation - someone fixed the TV but I had to suffer the rest!  This hotel is VERY tired and in need of a refurbishment.  Don't believe the photos on the website!!!  Not sure when these photos were taken but it wasn't recently.  Glad I was only staying for one night.  I tried to find an alternative nearby but everywhere was full.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or510-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea disappointment!,"I went to Tophams today with a friend for afternoon tea. We were very disappointed with the standard of the cakes and sandwiches. The cakes were tiny, a slice of chocolate swiss roll that you could practically see through and an apple pie that was clearly a Mr Kipling without its foil case! The scones were ok, albeit small and somewhat dry!  The decor of the whole place was very tired, ripped leather on the seats, cracks in wallpaper and the dryer was not working in the toilet and there were no paper towels!  I would not recommend this at all. This is clearly fobbing voucher holders off with sub-standard cakes and sandwiches.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or510-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Thank you for your excellent service,"My family recently stayed at the Tophams Hotel over the weekend of the 13th September 2014.  The staff were very welcoming and accomodating and we were a party of nine people, when they discovered that one of our party had been placed in a different accommodation block to the majority of the party they quickly resolved the situation and moved the member of my family to be situated with the other members.  This was done without requesting it and all luggage was taken care of.  When we returned to the hotel in the evening after a lovely dinner cruise down the Thames we were again catered for with refreshments and our evening ended on a positive note.  Thank you to all the staff on duty that weekend you made our trip very enjoyable.  Would recommend this hotel if asked.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or510-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,I was really disappointed with the afternoon tea we booked here last week. A group of 7 of us pre-booked using a deals website for a quiet Sunday to celebrate a family occasion. When we got there the only bathroom available for non guests was in use and continued to be so for 20 minutes by the same individual and as we had a 4 year old with us this wasn't ideal - when I asked staff if we could use an alternative I was told we couldn't. When the bathroom became free the hand dryer didn't work and there were no hand towels so we had to use toilet paper to dry out hands (which also ran out by the time we were leaving the hotel and wasn't re-stocked) The area we were seated in was directly underneath the sky light area and it was incredibly hot there to the point where we were all…,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or510-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Awful experience, never experienced anything like it...","We arrived here on Saturday afternoon having booked a room online and making payment.  upon arrival we were ushered into the bar while the reception staff were dealing with a very distressed family who had just arrived from Europe.  A member of the reception team came to us and said they didn't have a room for us and rooms had been overbooked, she didn't even seem apologetic, it was completely appalling customer service.  I was completely horrified as we had an hour to get washed and ready for a friends party nearby.  When I asked what she expected us todo she said they'd booked us a hotel in Heathrow, as if this was an acceptable alternative... anyone who knows London knows Heathrow is a long way from Belgravia / Victoria and is not a viable alternative to a hotel in central…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or510-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","It cero doble cero,, it doesn't value one sentence","my family arrived to London today anf even we booked almost two months in advance, when they arrived was not a room for them, three people who actually didn't speak the lenguage and beside that they were treated in the worst way possible, a lady called Mrs Chei and a girl call Tatiana, both wotkibg there were so uselles and rude, racist, they didn't gave them a option, they been left five hour in the reception and then sent to a hotel in Heatrow, and the excuse was the hotel was fully booked but I thoutg it was weir because I but another room just in that right moment and sent tje booking confirmatolion to these two ladys and the anwser I had was I couldn't still do nothing and they shiff was ending and they were tired and If I wanted I was welcome to complaing the day after,,,…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or515-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nothing like it was in 2011,This was our 2nd visit and was highly disappointing. Booked through last minute as we had previously stayed here before in 2011 and enjoyed our stay.  However this was not to be the case this year we even left the hotel in the middle of the night!  The first room we was allocated is only of something I can describe as a prison cell at the clink museum. The ceilings were low and full of damp the paint was pealing. And had a dark view of a wall directly outside our window. Not happy with this we went back to reception to be given another room. So we was given a room on the 2nd floor again a disappointment it felt small and being next to the lift you could hear everything. They need a big refurbishment at this hotel as paint is pealing in almost every room it seems and they…,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or515-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",OK for a stay but too weird and frustrating to stay again,"Came here for 2 nigths for business. Great location, nice décor but with so many weird issues that I would not stay here again if I could help it. The location first of all cant be beat as it is right next to Victoria station. Check in was painless and the staff seemed friendly. The room was clean but the crazy issues started immediately. The ac was far too loud and when called to try to and turn it off the staff simply ignored my calls or didn't know what to do. There was a TV remote but the buttons did not correspond to the correct numbers. Press 3 and the TV goes to channel 6, press 5 and it goes to 2. Mad! Called for a replacement remote and was ignored. It seems that others had issues with the remotes too. The TV faced the opposite side of the room and not the bed. Weird!…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or515-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very Good .....Yet,"Reception on a Sunday afternoon was a bit chilly. I knew this hotel in another time. Room  was as expected. Amenities were as expected. Old buildings, even with this much character, do have quirks. Breakfast was a bit better than expected but the desk had brightened up.  Soon after friends picked me up for lunch and I checked out. Enough said.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or515-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",First time I have refused to stay in a room,"This hotel left a lot to be desired... It certainly isn't deserving of 4* status. The check-in process was a little peculiar, with staff sitting awkwardly behind a large study desk in what looked more like someone's front room than a hotel reception. A £100 block was put on my card during check-in, despite having been previously advised that no deposit was required on check in (the room was pre-paid by credit card). Despite what it had said on the website (and despite a menu being in my room) there was no hot food or bar service at the hotel.  Cleaning equipment was scattered around the pokey corridors on the way up to my room, having to at one point step over a discarded vacuum cleaner.  The room itself was reasonably well decorated, but very stuffy. The heating appeared to be…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or515-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a First Choice,"We were sent to this hotel from the hotel I originally booked at due to an issue with our room. Tophams was quite a bit further away from where we were supposed to be staying, so I wasn't sure what to expect. The neighbourhood was quite nice, and had lots of things to see and numerous places to eat. The room was quite small, but I wasn't expecting anything huge. The breakfast was mediocre, but the staff were generally friendly. Not sure that I would book here voluntarily though - we only stayed one night, which was plenty.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or520-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea was disappointing,"We came on a Groupon deal for afternoon tea with  prorsecco The receptionist was very lovely and allowed me to brrastfeed my baby in a private area.   The restaurant was very small but clean. When we asked for an alternative for the alcohol, I asked for a diet coke. The waitress looked at me like I just ordered a dinosaur steak. She had absolutely no clue what I meant with a diet coke..  Tea eventually came, very small pot with no options for milk.  The sandwiches were nice and fresh, lovely scones.  The food was good, but for £70, I'd like a bit more then 4 mini cakes and 2 pieces of sandwich each.   Not worth the full price. Groupon price I would just about accept,.although for that price still you can go to starbucks and have a sandwich and a cake. ",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or520-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't book this hotel!,"I stayed here for business with a view to using next time I went to London shopping. So glad I tried it as I DEFINITELY won't be using ever again!  I arrived around 9pm exhausted from journey on very warm night and receptionist tried to give me a room without an ensuite bathroom! Definitely not what I had booked, she said the description on the website was being revised but if I wanted a bathroom in my room I had to go to another building several doors down! This was another hotel entirely, which far from being a 4 star hotel looked like v cheap b&b!! I was shown to a cupboard-like room with revolting bathroom and telly that didn't even work. I walked straight back to reception and demanded another room, was given a twin on ground floor, rm 8... Which looked much better. But tv…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or520-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams hotel,"This is not a 4* hotel the room was okay mismatch furniture bed lumpy bathroom okay with walking shower. However the service left something to be desired. I am gluten free and dairy free and they were informed at booking and on arrival. However for breakfast they just plonked toast in a plastic basket down without asking. Also the meal took 45 mins as they kept forgetting us, it took a complaint from the management to get it sorted. On the 2nd morning service was better and they had my gluten free bread and the meal was hot. Would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or520-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","not good service, good location","good location close to Victoria station (5min walk distance), poor service, very small room and bath room, poor breakfest, no luggage storage... if you dont have high expectation about hotel, you can use it because of good location, if you look for standart services you may be dissapointed               ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or520-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Really convenient!,"This hotel is well located in the heart of the Victoria Tub Area. Couple of blocks away to the metro, and walking distance to the Queens palaces. They accept food to be delivered and the rooms ar good enough to crash the night. I would stay again here when I return to London.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or525-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Horrendous afternoon tea,"A small group of us were over visiting a friend and decided to give here a try for afternoon tea. We were greeted by two very unpleasant receptionists, who were too busy with their conversation to do anything other than point in the correct direction. The waiter pointed to a table and gave no description of what we were getting, didn't ask if we had any dietary requirements or allergies and just walked off into the kitchen. When he brought out the food we were completely shocked at firstly how little there was and then at the quality. We were given a few small sandwiches which had definitely been sitting out as the bread was stale. Some shop bought buns that had been cut in half and were also stale and two small scones. We also had to ask for our glass of prosecco which we had…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or525-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice general manager,"My colleague and I book two rooms from Agoda with shared bathroom initially. When we arrive at the hotel, we upgrade the room and the nice general manager agree that we just pay the price difference according to Agoda rather than the higher price at the hotel reception.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or525-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dreadful dump,"We were in the attic. Too hot, dirty and torn curtains, grubby walls and cracked tiles in the bathroom. No way this is a 4 star. The breakfast bacon was dried up and in edible and the toast barely deserved to be called warm bread. The reception is a table in the entrance and the carpet under the table was so worn there was a hole in it. The only positive with this place was the sheets were clean, as was the toilet, sink and shower. Nevertheless, Grubby, shabby  place overall and we would never visit again. ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or525-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bait and switch,"This is not a 4 star property. At best the main hotel could be described as a small boutique style hotel. Unfortunately, the owners seem to using this hotel, the one viewable online, as a front while sending guests to other, less desirable rooms in different buildings.  We checked in for our two night stay very late and were taken to a building down the street. Our room felt like a dorm room and was lacking in most of the room amenities promised, notably air conditioning and a phone! The room had no pillows, and going to the lobby to request some meant going back up and down stairs and down the street to the main hotel. Exhausted, we stayed. The next day I requested to speak with a manager and was told none was on staff! I was given an email to write to. I was told the hotel was…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or525-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea with Proseco,"I went with 3 friends to have a relaxing afternoon and couldn't recommend the service we received more highly. It is very conveniently located, only a 2 minute walk from Victoria station and the staff were so friendly, welcoming and accommodating. It was really nice to find somewhere quiet and peaceful in the heart of London. The selection of finger sandwiches were quite plain but tasty with choice of salmon, cucumber, soft cheese, cheddar & ham but one of our friends couldn't eat bread and another is vegetarian so they made one a bowl of fruit salad and the other some sliced egg and tomato sandwiches, which were delicious. The cakes were divine! Mini cream eclairs, chocolate brownie, strawberry darily cream slice, carrot cake and my favourite which was an hazlenut profiterole!…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or530-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Warning, don't bother!","We were silly enough to book accommodation at Tophams prior to checking out the reviews. The ONLY plus about this place is the location. The hotel itself was old, the rooms smelt musty and the beds felt like beds you would find in a curb side collection. And don't get me started on the rude staff. They could have potentially made up the downfall with polite and helpful staff but this crew was anything but. Beware of the reception staff - our first words were what a cow! Moooooo is all I say. Don't bother. ",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or530-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good experience,"Was very worried at first after reading the bad comments, the hotel was lovely, the staff are so friendly and ensured our stay was pleasant, but would suggest to change the pillows a bit uncomfortable otherwise breakfast was good but could be better, staff in the restaurant where fantastic, keep up the good work. Differently will come back. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or530-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",thank you,"Arriving after midnight at the pre booked hotel we found a very pleasant receptionist, who was polite and friendly, as we were booking in a very drunk man who was being exceptionally rude was butting in and demanding attention, obviously trying to bully the female receptionist, she dealt with him in a very firm and professional manner. Our room had been reserved and was on the ground floor, the room was tastefully decorated, plenty big enough, comfortable and clean and tidy. The bathroom also clean, with hot and cold water had a seperate bath and shower, and was of a very good size. The air conditioning was a godsend as it has been very hot and humid and we, d had a long day. Continental breakfast was beautifully presented, and the waitresses were lovely.  After reading some of…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or530-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers?,"Tophams is all about location, location, location - convenient for central London and a two minute walk to Victoria Station.   Thanks to fellow Trip Advisors I made darn sure I was in the main building.  Luckily I was given 109 on the first floor at the back of the building.  For a London budget hotel the room size was okay, the bed was comfortable and it was wonderfully quiet at night.  And the big plus was that in London's current heat wave the room was air-conditioned.  There was a fridge big enough to store the odd bottle of water plus tea and coffee making facilities.   Okay so there's a crack in the floor tile and the carpet is stained..... the rest of the room was fine and nicely decorated.... I paid £133 a night and for London I've paid more and got less.  So I was all…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or530-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a nice hotel ✨,"I had a very good stay i did enjoy it but the only problem its that GM guy he got a bad attitude and no respect for his guests, and thx to the assistant manager lady she was always ready to help with a smile and the restaurant girls, was a good hotel with a good location , merci bien et à la prochaine fois.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or535-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful experience!,"Bad welcome at reception, sordid room in a separate building to the main hotel, no amenities and rated 4*? Really? I am a Brit living abroad and felt ashamed to know that tourists coming to visit London would go through the experience I had there a few weeks ago. As a woman travelling alone, I felt unsafe and very angry to have to put up with such poor service in the UK. please do NOT book a room here! ",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or535-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"I will say differently ignore the bad reviews, lovely hotel, staff are so nice, especially Rosie and Sarah who always have a smile on their faces and where helpful at all times, breakfast was lovely and the girls in the restaurant are every pleasant. I would say the Hotel needs a bit more improvements, once this is done it would be a fantastic Hotel. Will differently come back..",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or535-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience in London,"Hi,   This was the worst hotel experience that I have had in London; first and the last time that we use this hotel, I would not recommentd anyone to stay there.  I travel to London for business several times durning the year and tend to stay in hotels near Victoria Station, we decided to try the Tophams as we had walked pass it before and it looked nice from outside; it turned out to be a huge mistake.  A colleage from work and I arrived at the hotel around 11:00 am; we had each booked and paid over a month in advance for a double room with bathroom, it was too early to check-in, so we left our bags, went for a few meetings and came back at 4:30 pm.  When we arrived the hotel staff took a £50 each security deposit and took us to see the rooms to choose from... the first set of…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or535-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs a bit of TLC,"This hotel is located in a lovely old building and the structure and layout has plenty of character.  It's ideally located just round the corner from Victoria station and a good choice of restaurants, but those are the best bits.  The room was clean but definitely past it's best, every piece of furniture was chipped, half of the drawers didn't have handles or any way to open them, the walls had dents in the plaster in places and the lampshades looked like they'd bounced around the floor a few times.  I tried to call down to reception for coat hangers as there were none, but the phone didn't work.  I could go on, it's a shame, because if everything was maintained and finishing touches applied, the room I had would be a very nice room.  In general though, for a one night stay in…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or535-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than a lot of London hotels for the price,"I read the previous reviews but still booked and I accept that the 4 star rating seems 'generous', but for the price I paid I've had a lot, lot worse in London. I've also seen the horror stories about the rooms in the basement with no windows and bare light bulbs hanging from the ceiling, but I simply asked for a room on the first or second floor and the woman at reception was happy to provide one. I accept that I probably got away from work early enough to still have a choice (about 7pm at the hotel). The room itself was large (i.e. I could stand in the middle of the room and hold my arms out and not touch the walls). And the bathroom was a proper room, not a converted cupboard. My experience of the quality of hotels in London is so poor that I actually thought I'd probably go…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or540-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not bad,"Got a voucher to have a discounted afternoon tea. The welcome was lovely and the venue was nice. The afternoon tea was average, scones we're dry, and they were over generous with the butter in the sandwiches. I was with great company so we enjoyed ourselves. The best thing is that we were not rushed and took our time to enjoy the ambiance.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or540-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",An honest review from a return customer...... I won't be going back!,"I stayed at Tophams in 2009, stupidly I rebooked for another stay without looking at reviews because I had such a great experience last time...... I have never been so disappointed and so shocked at how a hotel can go downhill. Apparently its still the same owner.  The room was ok but you can see signs of wear and tear with knocks and marks all over the walls, furniture and curtains. The bed was ridiculously soft, a very old mattress. One of the worst parts for me was the bathroom....... I don't think you should ever walk out of a bathroom feeling dirtier than you did walking in there! It was a shower over bath with a window to the side, the window blind which doubled as a shower curtain was covered in mould. It badly needs replacing and replacing regularly. ( I have looked back…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or540-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Truly awful,"I stayed here last year for 4 months while waiting for my insurance company to fix my flat which had burned down.  The reception staff were VERY rude.  Cleaners would come in hit and miss - maybe 3 times a week.  They would not replenish things, so often had nothing to shower with so had to go and buy stuff. They didn't tell me that breakfast was included, so was only one month in when found out after I had a phone call with insurance company.  TV didn't work, complained a few times, but in the end stopped asking as I didn't want to have any sort of conversation with the reception staff.  The worst thing was the rudeness. On an upnote, there was/is a very lovely waitress who I saw most days when I went to have breakfast.  She was very kind to me during a difficult time, and also…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or540-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Top Hotel,"The room I had was lovely, quiet and tastefully decorated. The foyer and staff were very friendly and helpful and the location is second to none. The downside being that there is no restaurant in the Hotel but plenty of places locally to dine and the breakfast is nothing to write home about.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or540-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Experience at the Tophams Hotel in Belgravia,"I was in London from May 30 thru June 4 in a Lovely Hotel named Tophams in Belgravia, Best Location, 1 block from the Victoria Train Station & Big Bus.  Great Staff, Very Personable, Charming Accommodation.  Thank You.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or545-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hotel with good and bad points,"This place had good and bad points. I was traveling with teenaged daughter. We booked a room with two twin beds and were told when we arrived that none were available. We could ""upgrade"" to one queen bed or they could offer us a room with a double and a cot. Since I was traveling with a teenager I could get her to accept the cot but if I was with a paying friend, neither would have been acceptable.  As it was, it was a toss up as to which of us got the worst bed. The basement room was noisy, right outside of the management office and we could hear phone calls and staff conversations. We could also hear our neighbors talking to one another late at night and the footsteps above. Breakfast was included and was ok. They held our luggage after check out, which was very nice but…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or545-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",“Great Location but.................,"Wifi coverage in room 1 is poor to nonexistent. I had to tape the shower head to prevent it sliding down to the bottom of the pole. The milk, coffee and bathroom complimentary items were not replenished, there was no bath plug, a cracked tile in the bathroom floor, glass panel did fit to top of bath correctly so when showering you also flooded the floor, air conditioning that would not go lower than 19 degrees and the air flow was pathetic so room felt hot most of the time. Items in the mini bar (very expensive so did not have them) were out of date. The remote for the TV does not allow you to change programmes or volume. We were given milk in a cup and a porter gave us some body lotion when we asked for shower gel!  Never warrants a 4 star  Location is good however for Victoria…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or545-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A real nasty surprise - stayed in better hostels @ 1/5 the price,"Few words can describe the state of this place. Upon arrival we were ushered to another place due to overbooking, which was very good (the colonnade). Arriving back on the 2nd day, we were given 2 rooms, a basement room without a small wardrobe - just a hanger attached to the bathroom door. Some switches did not work, so had to sleep with the bathroom lights on. The place was not clean, furniture mostly broken and rundown. Was told that the wifi password is beneath the phone, only there was no phone in the room. Then I realized I was the lucky one, my colleague was given ROOM 3. Capital letters intended. Room 3 has a toilet fitted beneath the stairs, and Frodo would find it difficult to sit and do his business. the door did not lock either. However you had to go back to the room…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or545-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","The only good thing is WiFi and A/C, 4 stars ... are you kidding me?","As it is a 4 star hotel, and me being used to 4 stars hotels in Spain, I was expecting a lot more. In terms of quality it's like a 1 star or 2 star hotel, the floor makes strange noises and it is not flat in a lot of parts (if not all...) The Flat TV was small and of acceptable quality but as it's on the wall, the HDMI port is not reachable so useless for the guest. The bed was nice but there was no mirror, and no hairdryer.... A positive thing is that there were a lot of drawers to put things inside and 3 electric plugs. The rooms were quite clean except for the courtains. The Individual room's bathroom is outside the room and the shower was good but if you are a tall person like me it's going to feel like being in a box, bumping all around you... The air conditiioning worked…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or545-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Terrible service, product and experience.","Had a stay booked at Tophams Hotel as was visiting nearby theatre for a birthday.  Was shown to room, which had clearly been flooded at some point.  Stains over walls, carpets and smell of damp. Tiles smashed in bathroom. Refused to accept room.   Moved to another room, which was split across levels and much smaller.  Refused to accept room.  Reception and on site manager refused to provide a refund ‘as the manager was not in’.  Moved to another hotel – by the same owners – The Knightsbridge Green Hotel, with an upgrade to a suite.  The suite was very dirty – muck up the walls and skirting, threadbare carpets, stained sofa, broken furniture, plug hanging off wall, toilet held to wall with gaffa tape. Complained 10-20 times in writing and on the phone, the manager Sean never…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or550-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","No Worth the money, rude and dishonnest","Stayed there on the 06/05/2014 for one night and I am so glad I did not have to stay any longer. I paid for continental breakfast ( £15.95 ), an expansive one at that price. The waitress asked what would I like for breakfast, hard boiled egg, fruit salad or ham an cheese.  I asked for ham and cheese and was absolutely godsmacked when the waitress put a single slice of cheddar and a single slice of the cheapest ham there could be. The square slice of ham would not be given to an animal by any decent person. I cannot believe at the price this hotel charge that they cannot provide quality food.  When checking out I was asked if I used the mini bar which I had. I was again astonished at the price. 3 cans of soft drinks and a kitkat £14. You  could say I did not have to use the mini…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or550-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",never again,"we arrived thinking that the hotel was going to be wonderful, but looks can be very deceiving. the Chinese lady (receptionist) didn`t give us the impression that we were welcome. We had booked through Expedia and was told by the lady that we were to have continental breakfast, she was told that we had booked ""full English breakfast"" and that I had the paperwork to prove it, she said that the contract had changed with Expedia but I stuck to my guns. The room that we were given was next to the lift, it was hardly any daylight in the room. The safe was bolted to the floor, we had to be or knees to get to this but there was no combination, we had to get a ""key"" from the reception desk. The bathroom looked clean, until we looked closer, there were loose tiles on the floor, the shower…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or550-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location but HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE,"the rooms are very run down the receptionist woman (CHINA ORIGIN) is RUDE, questioning our every move! I thought I found myself in a a triad's household being questioned! what's in your luggage where are you going breakfast - hotel is obviously maximising cost and lowering the quality = result POOR QUALITY breakfast overall horrible experience and NEVER EVER again!",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or550-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location for those sightseeing,On arrival there was a few things not in the room which should of been. After speaking to the reception she apologise for the inconvenience and sent a chap straight up with them. The room was fairly clean and comfortable. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. We went for the queen's garden party which is a 5min walk from the hotel no need to pay for taxi's all attractions within easy walking distance the longest walk for us was the london eye (25mins) would recommend this hotel if we return to London in the future this is where we'll stay.  Thanks;-) ,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or550-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tour of central London,"very clean and comfortable room, good breakfast,  kind staff , all in order...and the location was  excellent for going around, near to Victoria station, we have been going to the most important sites we wanted to visit in the easiest way, so I would recommend for a tour of central London, Enjoy !!!!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or555-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ignore  some reviews; not all true,"I choose this hotel for a business trip. I liked the location. I was naturally aware of the  poor reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. I arrived early morning and was greeted by a very professional gentleman. I was tired after a long journey.  I was later informed he was the general manager.  I was offered coffee and a croissant. This was so welcoming and a nice touch.  I was promised my room would be ready as soon as possible, I got my room inside one  hour. This made my day as I could go my meeting all fresh. I arrived back late evening. I was assigned a room on the third floor. The only issue was the poor mattress, everything else was good. I noticed it was freshly painted. This hotel has improved a lot since last year as a friend had a bad stay. I would recommend people to…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or555-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cute little hotel on a quiet street,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights recently. We booked before reading the terrible reviews, and were understandably a little worried (we booked through a travel site and it was non-refundable). Luckily our experience did not match any of the negative reviews. Our room was small but clean and well-decorated. The staff was pleasant enough, but I don't recommend the breakfast. The ""Continental breakfast"" was wayyy overpriced (I believe it was included in our room price though) and consisted of toast, corn flakes, and tea/juice. Not really worth it, especially if you are paying. There are plenty of places nearby to get a cheaper/better breakfast.  The only odd/negative thing: I believe the maid stole my deodorant (?!). It wasn't difficult to get more but... that was a…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or555-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",6 million refurb.....is this a joke!,"My dad booked this hotel for a special treat for my mother and I as we were making a trip to the Chelsea Flower Show. As it was for a special occasion, he booked the hotel through a reputable local travel agent who recommended the hotel and booked it as part of a Superbreak! They clearly don't do their research. I wish I had looked at Trip Advisor before I went. The hotel has had a very basic cosmetic overhaul but is still damp, cramped and dirty. The overpowering smell of air fresheners as you enter is a clue to what lies behind the cheaply tarted up entrance area. Our ""twin"" room was a double with a fold up bed. On querying whether we had been sent to the correct room, we were informed that there were no twin rooms at this hotel!! Luckily I didn't mind sharing a bed with my…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or555-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't stay here - awful hotel,"Our doubleroom - 4ft bed pushed against the corner, polycotton sheets, no mattress cover, heavily stained bedthrow, broken furniture, peeling paint/damp & worse + miserable staff - all that glitters.!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or555-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The only positive was the bed,On arrival the receptionist looked moody and refused to smile. The reception area is decorated nicely though. The room had mould on the ceiling and cracks down the wall and across the skirting board. The ventilation cover fell off whilst we nipped out - exposing the fact it was held on by blu tac. The cold tap didn't work - it was only hot. I was shocked the room was in such a state seeing as though it cost a couple of hundred to stay and we were in a nice area of London. Atleast the bed was comfy and that's the most important part! ,None,1.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or560-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible,"I booked 3 twin rooms for a business trip staying on 16th May 2014 for 1 night. The rooms were booked 4 weeks in advance but upon arrival advised the rooms booked were not available - no apology was given. They substituted for 1 family room with a double bed and 2 single beds and 1 room with a double bed and a childs single bed. The rooms were not clean.  Curtains were hanging off, tiles cracked in the bathrooms, shower screen didn't fit thus floor flooded when showering. Location of the actual hotel was fantastic and extremely quiet but the hotel is without a doubt the worst place I have ever stayed and I would not recommend to anyone.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or560-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"This was a Mothers Day treat for myself and my hu sband. It was sadly disappointing with poor sandwiches cakes and passable scones.  Certainly not value for money, very poor. It was very uncomfortable with the glass roof and no air conditioning. Would not recommend it on any score.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or560-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",2* not 4 * Its all wrong,"Booked to stay at Tophams whilst in London for a business conference, on arrival there was a very stressed receptionist in a cramped reception area, trying to deal with some Italian guests. She was short and rude to these guests and asked us to sit and wait. We try to check in but they had no details of us, so it took a little longer and we were asked to take a seat in the bar. I heard the Italians arrive back in reception complaining about there rooms. Eventually we were asked to follow a lady out on to the street and 50 yards down the road through a door into something that can only be described as bedsit land, we ran into the distressed Italians, they showed me there issue. The lady swapped keys with the Italians and took us to the room and offered it to us, I walked straight…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or560-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Fairly average, poor breakfast","The rooms are fairly small, but the location is great. At breakfast I was expecting to be able to help myself to cereal etc, but was told they'd bring it over, and the selection wasn't great. Felt awkward asking for extra.  Get what you pay for, in London terms anyway",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or560-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Overpriced, Poor Hotel, Needs Repairs.  Location is good though.","This hotel is very convenient for Victoria.  Sadly that is the only positive.  On checking in the receptionist was less than helpful.  She seemed unable to understand that the room had been booked and paid for through an agency.    When I got to my room where I found sash windows, with broken cords and several cracked panes that had been repaired with Sellotape.  The inner window didn't close properly.  In normal circumstances this wouldn't have been a major problem.  However, there was a temporary generator running in the street outside and the noise was intrusive.  The ceiling was stained, there was a dubious white mark on one of the cushions, the remote control was a universal type that didn't control all the TV's functions and was missing it's battery cover.  The safe…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or565-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very disappointing afternoon tea - AVOID!!!,"We arranged afternoon tea at Tophams as a birthday treat for one of our friends.  All I can say is that from the very start the experience was nothing but disappointing.  We arrived to a very surly receptionist who was on the phone on a personal phone call.  She clearly had no interest in us as she reluctantly pointed us through to the dining area where afternoon tea was held.  You can tell that someone had attempted to put some effort into making the dining room a stylish environment, however this is spoiled by poor execution and general lack of attention to detail and untidiness – e.g. there was a stack of cleaning materials on show.  The staff are all European with English not being their first language.  They all generally have little in the way of personality or the concept…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or565-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely welcoming hotel,"We stayed recently for 2 nights in room 301....my daughter sent the hotel an e-mail the day before our stay stating it was my birthday and due to this we got a free up-grade!! Lovely warm welcome from the lady on reception....could not fault the room, spotlessly clean, very comfortable beds and also had its own balcony (handy for a sneaky cigarette!).....The hotel is literally 2 mins from the station and the tour buses start their route from the next street so location is spot on!! Will gladly return next year...highly recommended!! Thanks for a great stay Tophams .",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or565-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very good hotel,"Tophams is a very good hotel, nice and cosy. My room on the first floor was refurbished and clean. And If one needs any transfer from Victoria this is the right place to stay at. Good value for money!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or565-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Over priced, unwelcoming but good breakfast","We were sent here as our original hotel double booked. No welcome or explanation of room location or services. Reception has ripped carpet. Rooms over several houses so a distance from the restaurant. The room was small, bed old, no bin in bathroom, toiletries not replenished. Not to be recommended.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or565-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",tophams is a great hotel,we stayed at the tophams hotel for four nights and we had a wonderful staying. The room was clean with a large bed and a perfect bathroom. The bathroom had a cubicle shower and a bathtub and both the bathroom and the room were large and confortable. Breakfast was very good and we could have a lot of food of different type. The waitress were very kind. Moreover the manager Sara was always ready to meet our needs and help us everytime we need to sort any problems out. The location is very convenient and a few minutes walk from Victoria Station which is one of the most important station in London. We absolutely recommed this four star hotel if you want to enjoy   London in the best way which is possible. Alex,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or570-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not impressed,Stayed 2 nights Easter 2014  Pros: * Cheap * In a quiet street  Cons: Too many to mention but here are just a few:  * Paid for Full English breakfast but told we were not getting one even after supply reception with our booking confirmation printout. * Mattress was done!  Springs could be felt and heard when lying on it. * Rooms and corridors wreaked of damp with visible damp patches on walls and carpets throughout the hotel * No soap in the bathroom to wash your hands * Had to phone reception and ask for towels * Safe in the room was broken * Half the lights in the bathroom didn't work so enjoyed showers in the dark * Walls are paper thin.   My advice: Pay a little extra and stay in a different hotel.  This is certainly not a 4 star hotel - 2 star maybe.  My wife and I are well…,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or570-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid Avoid Avoid!,"I stayed here two nights on business, and nowhere in the booking I made was it advertised that my single room would have no bathroom. Apparently this was shared with one other person, but there were at least 3 people using it, menaing a couple of times in the morning and at night I had to queue to use it - really not what I wanted.    Other negative points about the room:  - Far too hot, meaning the aircon had to be constantly switched on.  - TV remote did not work - Some old plaster wrappings were in the bedside draw, so this place is not cleaned particularly well. - Room had teabags and coffee, BUT NO KETTLE! I actually played a game of 'hunt the kettle', going through every drawer and cupboard, as I couldn't believe one wasn't supplied! -   I stay in a lot of hotels around…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or570-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a tip top experience!,"Judging by previous reviews our experience could actually have been worse so I have awarded an extra point out of relief and gratitude for the small mercies with which we were clearly blessed. I had stayed in Tophams a few years ago and was greatly disappointed so had not returned. Prepared to give it a second chance however, hopeful for an improvement and mainly due to the location and my budget, I booked a double room directly with the hotel, my confirmation stated that full English breakfast was included.  On arrival our welcome by the young man on reception was anything but welcoming and I really dislike this trend for hotels to take a deposit on your card, I could see no reason for it but upon checking out we noticed through the window as we left the hotel that there was a…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or570-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location but.....,"We stayed at Topham’s 2 nights (12th and 13th April).  The location was really good, ideal for Victoria station and only a short walk from the finish of the London marathon, which is why I chose the hotel.  After booking through superbreaks I was concerned when reading reviews on here as wanted a hassle free weekend in the city. I checked with superbreaks that we were actually booked in the hotel which they confirmed. First impressions however were positive.  Check in was quick and easy, they did however want a £50 pre authorisation on my credit card, which they said would cancel on check out (will keep an eye on that) The room was on the first floor number 101, Apart from the mould above the shower and other bits of paintwork which need touching up the room was a good size with…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or570-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea / Groupon voucher,"I bought a Afternoon tea for 2 voucher from Groupon last week.  However i was very disappointing with the hotel and the quality. This is NOT a 4 star hotel, and the breakfast areas is really horrible and tiny, no nice or comfortable feeling at all.    The Afternoon tea was really nothing to recommend, cheap Tesco bread with cucumber and tiny biscuits. The scones were nice but what we got on out plate is definitely not the same food as they are advertising on the webpage, Save your money and go somewhere else. The waiter was polite and made sure we were okay, however the receptionist was really rude and refused to even say Hi or Bye, really bad for a ""4"" star hotel.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or575-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Please save your money. This place is awful.,"I booked on Hot wire, having had good experiences before. I will now be skeptical. We arrived late in the day, around 6pm. We had pre booked the hotel weeks in advance. Regardless we were told to wait, confused as to what was going on, we were essentially waiting for another couple to decide if they were going to take the room or not (they were short rooms). Encountering the disgruntled couple they whispered ""good luck"".   After the couple ahead of us caused a scene (as we would later find out was justified), we were shown to our room. We were told that there had been a flood, and they were short rooms, therefore our initial hotel room was not available.   The room was comparable to a closet. Thinking my boyfriend and I were going to have one last night in London before he went…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or575-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a four star hotel - 2 star & that's being generous!,"We booked the Knightsbridge Green Hotel and, looking at their reviews, had a lucky escape!  We were 'upgraded' to Tophams after arriving at Knightsbridge and being told there was a problem with a guest the night before and they didn't have any double rooms left.  The receptionist took our deposit before informing us of the switch.  Even better a phone call to let us know to go to the right hotel would have been appreciated, so we didn't have to drive round London on a Saturday afternoon trying to find the place and some parking - after having driven down Knightsbridge road about four times trying to find the first hotel.    The reception is nice and check in easy but rooms are damp, small and NOTHING like the photos  the hotel has posted.  The toilet/bathroom was minuscule…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or575-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dont be fobbed off,"I booked through ammoma to stay on the night before the marathon. I booked a standard double with ensuite even as a single female traveller.. On arrival, eventually, I was led down the road to number 54 or 24, can't remember, to a cupboard in a basement which I declined. After a further half hour wait in reception I was given room 4 . The curtains were disgusting with bird poo on them. I stayed but will not come back. Shame as the hotel looks good and is in great location.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or575-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",More bottoms than tophams,This is not a hotel but a house conversion with the owners playing hotels. It is set up for tourists. The rooms are in basement! The smell of bowels and dampness were the first thing we experienced on entering the Room! The bathroom was not even finished looked like a builder had just up and left! We were right under entrance and the room was not sound proofed so it sounded like herds of elephants throughout the night. Breakfast was something else also. When we asked for the English breakfast we were told it was not included even though it clearly stated it on our booking form. We asked for coffee and they brought a thimble full at bottom of cup. There were four staff in this small restaurant which was over the top. Amateur to say the least. We are tolerant people who would…,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or575-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No maintenance not low maintenance,"Firstly, I stayed one night here booked through last minute.com. I wonder do you get assigned a relatively poor room if that is how you have booked. I really wonder. That would be a pity.  Secondly, this hotel is very well located - at the Victoria end of Ebury st around the corner from the excellent Boisy restaurant and music venue. Is it a boutique hotel or a B&B? The latter I reckon. Little in way of common facilities - breakfast room, some couches and a printer, some welcome  reading material. Does not bother me, I just needed a room to lay my head for the night. Passing another guest in the corridor on the third floor, meant making way as the corridor is so narrow. This would be charming if the basics were done well. But I am afraid not.  Long wait to checking there was one…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or580-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This is not a 4 star hotel,"The worst part about the hotel are the beds. At a 4 star hotel, I expect to have a quality bed that doesn't feel like a cheap trampoline. They have an ""overflow"" hotel down the street. Make sure they don't stick you in that one because the rooms are dingy. I wouldn't say the rooms were bad but not what you would expect. Plus, things didn't work.. like the TV. Breakfast was decent however.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or580-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",4 star boutique if pigs can fly!,"I booked a room here through Ammoma. Firstly the hotel could not find my reservation but to their credit, they gave me a room.  The first room i was in was a single bedroom with NO en-suite facilities. Now, I would fully expect a 4 star hotel to have an en-suite bathroom. I complained as nowhere on their website does it state that any of their rooms don't have bathrooms.  I was moved to MEWS 6 in the basement level, the external window wouldn't close and i couldn't lock the internal window so lay there alone through the night worried someone could creep in! The bathroom taps were loose and shaky but the worse thing of all was the SMELL! the carpet at the window was wet and the smell can only be described as wet dog! disgusting! The pillows for the bed were like bricks and big…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or580-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Certainly not 4 star but not as bad as other reviews say,"We were moved to this hotel as our original hotel had over booked. We were dreading it due to the trip advisor reviews, but it wasn't as bad as some say.  We apparently had a deluxe room, all that meant was we had a separate bath and shower. Room was very small, couldn't walk round the bed comfortably.  Staff not overly friendly. No hairdryer or kettle in room, had to ask 4 times for a hairdryer before getting one,  asked twice for kettle and then gave up.  Dirty marks on curtains and lamp shades, bleach stains on the carpet, water stained bathroom ceiling, cracked bathroom floor.  Breakfast was thrown in free as we were not happy with our room. Extremely expensive for the small amount you get, not worth the money especially as there were lots of lovely cafés close by. …",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or580-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel.,"I recently stayed at this hotel with my family and the experience was horrible. We had two rooms.  Two stayed in one room and I in a separate room.  In each room something was not working. First the tv and air conditioning did not work, did not feel safe opening the windows as they were at a level where someone could get in. The response was to change our rooms, again the tv did not work in either room, and the ac in another room.  After moving three times we just dealt with the issues. I even asked for a Do Not Disturb sign twice, never received one.  The walls and ceiling were apparently just repaired, patches not repainted, the shade in the toilet was mildewed. For the location you would expect a first class hotel, this was not even close. If there is anything good to say,…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or580-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Not good, but not terrible either","I stayed at the Tophams in January 2014 for business for two nights. The hotel was booked for me by our admin team. After reading the dreadful reviews, I asked them to try and cancel the booking, however it had been booked through a third-party travel website and could not be refunded.  So I prepared myself for the worst, and tried to see the bright side - I might have entertaining stories to tell afterwards.  In the end, although I cannot recommend the hotel, it was not as bad as I feared.   On the positive side:  - Very good location - Reasonable price for the location (£100 per night on average for a relatively late booking) - Clean - You could open the window in my room - Room was overlooking the street, but it is a quiet street with little traffic and no drunken people -…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or585-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Reasonable experience - great location,"I stayed on business here, despite reading a few ropey reviews. The best thing about the hotel is the location - 3 mins' walk from Victoria Station.  The welcome was efficient, the room was not a bad size for the grade and location, and was clean.  The hotel is small and laid out like a residence. What little there are in terms of common areas were well presented.  Breakfast was in a nice room but was a continental offering made up of budget lines from a local supermarket, but there was enough to keep me going.  All in all, nothing to complain about and I would stay again.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or585-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stop at this hotel -terrible,"We stayed in room 307 29/03/14 1 night, thankfully only 1night! Dirty room,damp and simply disgusting.. I logged a complaint with the front of house representative and I've heard nothing back from the general manager!  This room should be taken off sale. My advise is to avoid this hotel at all costs whatever the price might be ",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or585-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Just about OK,"I was very nervous about staying here after the reviews. It wasnt as bad as I feared but it still wasnt great.   Whilst checking in, another member of staff was arguing with someone on the phone. The reception are looks smart but the hotel overall is tired and not particualrly clean.The paint in the bathroom was peeling, stains on the bedding and the glass ware was not washed.   Breakfast certainly is not worth the money, I recommend you find a local cafe.   As a place to rest your head for one night then its OK but there are too many better places to stay in London for the same price",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or585-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A big let down,"I am still waiting for a phone call from the manager to discuss my experience at this hotel.   First impressions show a good, clean contemporary hotel, nice reception area. Got to my room, very ""compact"". You would have difficulty getting around the room if you were a couple as the bathroom is only 2 ft away from the bed with the dressing table and chair blocking the entrance. My friends were in a hotel down the road.   The ceiling showed signs of water damage that had been attempted to be wiped in the past leaving behind an unpleasant residue. As I had just arrived and was due to go out again in a very short space of time, I did not see the point of complaining as I was only there for the one night.  Returned late evening only to be woken at 2am in the morning as there was a…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or585-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice But not perfect!,"Staff were friendly, check in was Quick and efficient.  Room ok, little shabby but still nice. Breakfast was a bit stingy and obviously microwaved, would not have paid £20 for it!!!! (Was Included in room rate) Housekeeper was clearly trying to get us out the room, knocked 3 times before 11 (check out 11.30) which irritated me! We were there to relax and I felt rushed to leave. Receptionist stored our bags for us whilst we went shopping, our coach wasn't until 6pm. No real complaints, wouldn't pay more than £80 a night for it tho!  Room 108 (16/3/14)  ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or590-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Commendable staff and great location,"A few minutes from the Victoria station, this no-frills straightforward property is perfect for the traveler on the go.  It is efficiently managed by knowledgeable staff who willingly gave out travel, entertainment and good eats advise.  We plan to return next summer.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or590-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",16th March 14. Absolutely perfect stay here!,"I was very worried about staying here after reading all the bad reviews,  i even rang up and asked if these were true and if so I would like a refund. The receptionist was very honest and told me it was the twin hotel that was recieving bad reviews, she also upgraded me and my partner to a dulexue room on the bottom floor as it was my partners 23rd birthday. When we arrived 5 mins walk from Victoria Station the hotel was bright and boutique. We waited 10 mins for the room to be cleaned and when it was ready I got my partner to open the door fiest as the staff kindly went to the trpuble of getting a helium balloon,  cake and candles and set it up beautifully in the stunning room! It was perfect! I can not fault the room at all, and the location is great! The only thing I would…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or590-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely staff,"I just want to say that booking the afternoon tea for my friends hen do in this hotel left me a bit worried when I read all the bad review but I have to disagree with the comment The staff was extremely lovely and kind A gentleman called Jeff in particular was so attentive and friendly and very accommodating The champagne,food and tea was delicious and it was worth it Maybe we got lucky but I felt I had to give at list the restaurant tea a break from the awful comment  Marina ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or590-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A dreadful stay on all fronts,"I had booked a 2 night stay at this hotel through work.  When I arrived on the first night after dinner, I was told there was a problem with the booking, and after some whispered conversations was told I needed to get in a taxi at my own expense to be sent to a hotel on the other side of London where I would be expected to pay £225.  As a woman travelling on my own I was alarmed to be sent out into the night to an unknown destination.    The hotel also stated they could not pay my taxi fare as ""they didn't have any cash in the hotel"".  Allegedly, any cash spent in the bar is ""immediately banked"".  The following day my work confirmed that there was no problem with the booking and that I should return for my second night's stay.  My room was adequate, but the hotel was extremely…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or590-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very disappointing afternoon tea,"I bought the Time Out discount offer for afternoon tea - apparently reduced down from £60+ to £24 for two. I have no idea who would pay over £60 for this tea!! Empty, silent dining room, inedible cakes, zero atmosphere or attention from staff. Avoid at all costs. (One star for the English breakfast tea)",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or595-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Room wasn't up to their expectations, so they moved me.","I'm giving Tophams 4 stars, because when I arrived, they told me the room was not up to their standards, so they moved me to Knightsbridge Green, paid for both both nights I would have been at Tophams.  Their customer service on this was actually great (can't say the same for Knightsbridge, that review will come later).  I'll give Tophams another chance in the future, but I appreciate what they did to find a room for me so quickly.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or595-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Should be great. ...it's a let down,I read the reviews after I'd booked a great deal with booking.com. I rang the hotel to check as if the rooms still hadn't been refurbished I'd cancel . I was assured all was good by Sean. Upon check in the receptionist noted my conversation with Sean and reassured me that if the room wasn't good just to let him know  We got room 210 with a shower door that wouldn't close a bathroom that had flooded staining the bedroom carpet and a water damaged and stained ceiling We moved to room 204 and were offered complimentary drinks. Room 204 had water damaged ceilings damaged or missing handles and a shabby bathroom Its such a shame as this could be gorgeous but its badly maintained. It doesn't fit the description of deluxe boutique hotel Twice we had other guests opening our door Twice…,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or595-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not bad!,"2 night stay, the room was clean and comfortable, which was lovely. The breakfast, however, was pants. Cold beans, horrendous hash browns, and nothing but fat on the bacon (full English is charged at £19.95 on menu). The staff were moody too. ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or595-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Switch of Hotel,"We were booked to stay at the Colonnade Hotel near Warwick Avenue, but at the last minute we were changed due to a electrical fault, and were advised that accommodation had been found at the Tophams Hotel in Belgravia. Having quickly checked the reviews, we were a bit dubious, however, for the sake of one night, we decided to chance it. What a great decision!! The hotel was welcoming and friendly, and stood for everything that our original hotel had offered. Tophams was in a nice quiet area of Belgravia, which is a pleasant change for staying in London. 2 minutes from Victoria, it was very easy to find.  The rooms were very nicely presented, and clean. The only downside was the lack of bar staff on Saturday night, and strange dance music being played in such a quiet hotel. It…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or595-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Definitely stay again.,"Booked through late rooms, perfect location, staff extremely polite and helpful, room very comfortable, continental breakfast was good. Dont know what people expect in central London but we loved it (maybe there are a lot of people out there who just love moaning).",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or600-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Stay I have Had,"I would strongly advise people to not go to this hotel - I requested a double room as I got to the room it was clearly noticeable that they do not  do basic maintenance. There were holes in the wall, the plumbing was appealing so when I had a shower it flooded the whole bathroom. This room was Mews 6.   The customer service was shocking - not only did the key cards seem to open a majority of rooms, I had some random guy walk in to my room and the staff did not even know I was there even though I booked in advance. When I went to complain about the room, the receptionist did not know what to do, instead, advised me to go to bed (back in a flooded room with electrics brilliant idea). On multiple occasions she asked me to tell her what to do in this situation. The other member of…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or600-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Don't stay here it is dirty, smells and is staffed by people who don't care",Don’t go there really I mean it don’t there are plenty of Premier Inns in London for a similar price with nice clean rooms where things work! On check in with four colleagues from work instead of the double rooms we had booked we were offered a family room with one double bed and two singles as if this was a really good offer.  I like my colleagues but not intimately so we declined and asked for the rooms we had booked. Check in was tortuous with most things done with paper rather than on a computer and it took longer than I have ever experienced to get four rooms which had been pre-booked and pre-paid. We were all in the main building the lift of which stinks like an old mop left in the mop bucket for a month.  My first room was tiny and I mean tiny doing a circuit around the…,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or600-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Ideal location, ok hotel.","I stayed here with a friend one Saturday night after getting a finding a room on a late deals site. The location was perfect distance from the train station and situated on a fairly quiet street. I was welcomed by friendly staff albeit told about my room fairly hastily. First impressions of the room we were given (Mews 1) seemed good; a fair sized room, well appointed, spacious bathroom, very comfortable beds etc. However on closer inspection, there were a number of niggles, both bed side lamps didn't work, there were stains on the carpet, a number of light bulbs didn't work in both the room and the bathroom, the hairdryer was prone to overheating, a VERY noisy water system in the morning. Overall though, not bad, and the majority of the issues were not too much of a bother.  We…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or600-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location,"I am writing this review on behalf of my parents, who was in London for a 3day 2night trip, they had thoroughly enjoyed their stay at this hotel.  Their main comments were that the hotel was in a very convenient location, which was only 2 mins walk to the main bus station, and pretty much any other public transport.  First impression of the room, was that it was quite small, but they didn't mind it afterwards.  They usually took the lift to the room, but on the last day, there was a fire drill, and they took the stairs (with their luggage as was coming towards check out time), and found the stairs pretty narrow.  They said they would go back to this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or600-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Excellent staff, great location, good facilities","Let's not get confused: This isn't a five start hotel, look at the price... BUT...  The staff are welcoming, professional, and efficient. The facilities are fine. Good breakfast. 270 yards from Victoria train, tube, bus station, 420 yards from Victoria Palace Theatre (Billy Elliot).",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or605-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay,"I very much enjoyed my experience. There were biscuits on arrival, a lovely breakfast area and a very pleasant bar area with comfortable couches for working on emails etc. I got a fantastic deal lastminute after a flight cancellation and the staff were wonderful. I would come back!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or605-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Almost a good hotel,"While this hotel is in no way as bad as many of the awful reviews on here would suggest, it's nowhere as good as it should be.  The reception and communal areas are all very nice and suggest a stylish boutique hotel.  It is however let down by tired rooms and a general lack of attention to detail.  My room, euphemistically called 'mews 2' (for 'mews' read basement) was quite large for a London hotel room and reasonably pleasant but let down by a number of things. First of all there was an overwhelming smell of damp which pervaded the whole basement level, secondly the huge bathroom was absolutely freezing cold with no functioning heating and thirdly the TV remote didn't work (and was an entirely different brand to the TV on the wall). Add to that some peeling /flaky paint,…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or605-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very good,  would use again","Booked very late based on price and closeness to Victoria Coach Stn. Honestly expected a dump. Just needed to crash for the night. However, greeted by friendly staff and nice decor. good bed and decent tea in room. Quirky building layout due to being a group of converted town houses but this gave character.  Breakfast good and plenty of quick, polite staff. I have seen some poor reviews which to be honest, I don't understand  as my stay far exceeded expectations.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or605-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Tophams Hotel - Tired, Badly Run, Expensive","This is a terrible hotel, made worse by the fact that it looks so promising when you arrive in its plush reception area. It is a hotel that purports to be a 4 star establishment. But once you get to the rooms, see how tired the decor is, how badly everything works, how cold they are, you get the reality. This is a hotel in dire need of money being spent on it and a reality check on its star status.    Some of the staff are pleasant and helpful but one in particular is so sour faced, moody and borderline angry I can only assume she has recently suffered a bereavement. To be fair the continental breakfast is decent, if a little inconsistent about what is offered. Read the menu and demand everything on it. You can have a full English but they will charge you £20 for the privilege.…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or605-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again to this hotel,"It was actually a terrible experience from all aspects. We stayed to room 303 from 28.12.13 to 3.1.13 two adults and our son 2,5 y.o. It is an old neglected hotel. On arriving they told us that they upgraded our room to a better one. The upgraded room was small and the maids were putting the baby cot when we entered the room. There were internal stairs to the bathroom extremely dangerous for our 2,5 y.o. son.  I gave at the reception 50 pounds as a guarantee but on the departing day the receptionist told me that she could not give me the money back because the manager had the key of the safe and he was out of the hotel. She told me that she would deposit the money to my credit card, and I asked her to email me when she would do it. Until today 5.1.13 she has not email me.  The…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or610-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great stay,Thanks to all at Tophams hotel for a wonderful weekend We had a lovely stay the staff and room were great Breakfast was delicious We William be back as soon as we can The hotel is in a great location very Handy for Victoria,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or610-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very nice stay,"I was planning a tour around London with my husband and this is why I chose the Tophams Hotel. Such a lovely place! Staff is very polite, breakfast is more than what I expected, and the location is excellent as well. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or610-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice stay,"Nice friendly hotel, not sure what the other reviews were expecting, nice building, nice friendly people clean rooms , bit of paint needed but comfy and clean , very nice dining room and reception area.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or610-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very poorly maintained hotel,"I needed a last minute hotel in London, I arrived about 9 so did not complain as i wanted to sleep. The staff were friendly on arrival. The light bulb was out outside my room and as it was down stairs it was quite dangerous.  Two lights were out in the bathroom too. The hotel needs a major overhaul as it is run down. The floor was dirty. The grouting in the shower was old and the floor tiles were cracked. The area is lovely and very handy for Victoria. The public areas are better kept. I did not have breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or610-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not deserving of the advertised 4 star rating!,I originally booked this hotel as a romantic getaway with my partner for her birthday and was looking forward to being pampered in a 4 star hotel.  Unfortunately the service provided is nowhere near as advertised and I would urge anyone to read this prior to booking with Tophams Hotel London.  Here's a list of issues of faults in our room / bathroom  * Extractor not working which makes the room very smelly. * Bathroom taps leak over tiled floor making it very dangerous and slippy * Flush on the toilet is hanging off. Although it works this isnt to be expected of a 4 star establishment * Discolouration on ceiling where damp has leaked in. * Bath has mould around sealant. * Beds are very hard and quite small.  If you're thinking of booking breakfast then save your money!!! £6 for…,Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or615-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disturbing! Avoid at all costs!,£30 taken as a deposit for chargeable services. £4 for a can of pop which half of ones supplied were out of date! Mini bar was not used and we were told it would be back in the account within 2 days a week later we are still waiting. The ceiling in the bathroom was mouldy paint was peeling off the walls and the ceiling looked damp and as if it was about to collapse under its own weight. I would keep well away the rating given I would say are being over generous.,Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or615-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","By all means do not stay at this Hotel! Read this... Bloody beds, dirty bathrooms & photo proof","I was expecting a nice room at the Colonade, but they obviously overbook to send you to this absolutely terrible hotel. We had to sleep on the floor because the mattress was unsleepable and blood stained! Even the woman in charge admitted that she would not sleep on the bed when we called her up to the room! As we arrived in our room, I needed the bathroom but the toilet had obviously not been cleaned from the previous person as it had horrible stains on it. So I called the reception and asked for someone to come clean it. With a knock on the door a young lady arrives with no cleaning things to magically clean it. She simply took a dry piece of toilet paper and started spreading the pee stains that were still drops around the rim. As I asked her what the heck she is doing, she…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or615-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel .. Great Location,"I had a pleasant Stay .... Rood was clean and the staff was very friendly ... Great location .. for sign seeing ... all walking distance,   I stayed  for 3 night .... and enjoyed the Breakfast ...  I would Recommend this hotel,",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or615-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It's not as bad as you expect,"When you read these reviews you will automatically imagine its a hotel from hell. But you will pleasantly surprised it's really not. I stayed here last week over nye for two nights. Now this place ain't the ritz nor is it a four star. It's more of a large 3 star b n b rather then a hotel feel about it. The staff are a little unorganised though il admit that. But the rooms are pleasant and I didn't find any evidence of dirtiness they were very well presented and a good size and the beds were more then adecuite. Good things; fantastic location, brilliant sized bathroom, nice room, homely feel about the place. Bad things; unorganised staff at times, very expensive bar £4 can of pop.  I've stayed in City hotels all over the world from five stars to really bad ones, so I'm very aware…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or615-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AVOID THIS HOTEL,"No welcome greeting, or in fact acknowledgement that we were waiting to be seen on arrival, check in was brusque to the point of rudeness. Also a £50 deposit had to be paid - despite the fact we had paid in advance for the room and breakfast - this is an old fashioned approach which we have not encountered in years. Access to lift was mostly blocked by a christmas tree far too large for the space which hampered access to the lift. Lighting in the stairwell was dim and staircases themselves were narrow. Room was very cramped, tv did not work, bed was so squishy it offered no support, had a child with us and they literally wedged a broken fold out bed right next to the double which meant we had to wedge ourselves along the wall to get round to the bathroom which had faulty lights,…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or620-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Worst Hotel Of My Life, If I could mark lower I would.","This hotel is possibly one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.  When we arrived, there was a rude receptionist told us to sit, then insisted that we had to leave our card details so she could take £50 off the card, with no explanation for what this was for, she then told us that £30 would be fine and that we could give her cash if we didn't have anything on us, she still did not explain what this was for. We were then pointed to our room, when we got there the room had a funny damp smell to it, the room was dusty and not very clean, the bathroom had actual damp growing on the walls and the shower went from boiling hot to freezing cold, the bathroom lights flickered on and off at all times while in the bathroom, we had someone try to enter our room in the night while we…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or620-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Run Down,"Stayed at this Hotel last night and certainly not worth the money, location is great but inside the hotel it is very badly maintained and potentially dangerous. Lightbulbs broken everywhere in the corridors and in the rooms, tiles cracked. and wardrobe door hanging on with one hinge. Beware of ""included breakfast"" continental only not everything on the limited menu",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or620-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Staff need to learn Customer service skills,We have just come back from a weekend at The Topham Hotel. I have never written a review before but I really felt I needed to after this weekend. The hotel is in a great location but that all it has going for it. The staff simply couldn't care less about the guests!! We had light bulbs missing & broken plug sockets. We ask to order a drink at the hotel bar (which we were told was open 24hrs) at 10.30pm on Friday night to be told that the hotel had completely run out of every kind of Alcoholic beverage. The weekend before Christmas???? The duty manager made some of excuse that their delivery had not arrived?! When we looked at the bar it was very clear that is had not been stocked for weeks!!  Breakfast was worst! Food was dreadful and service just the same! We walked out of…,Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or620-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Fine for an overnight stay, disappointing at full price","Stayed here for one night after booking through laterooms.com. We didn't pay full price, and I think if we had I would have been very disappointed. Receptionist was rude, talking on the phone and not acknowledging us for well over 5 minutes. When she did, she insisted on charging a deposit for our room (£100 on top of the room rate which we had already paid). We refused to do this. We were directed to our room but not shown to it or offered help with our bags. Although we only had overnight things, this should be standard practice in a good hotel. Room was small, but clean and nicely furnished. I think Tophams are a little above their station, but fine for a quick stay especially as Victoria station is so close.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or620-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ok but not worth the money paid,Stayed at this hotel last weekend and the hotel staff were really friendly but the room had severe damp next to the light switch which I felt was dangerous also the shower in the bath room was damaged and couldn't be raised above 5.8 feet and being 6 feet tall wasn't practical. The shower also leaked so the water pressure wasn't great either. The toilet was right next to a scolding hot radiator which means when you sat down you burnt yourself. This was in room 305. This may be a 4 star hotel but not worth the £400 per night price tag!,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or625-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A bad experience,"My brother and I were booked into this hotel via the excellent dhr.com website. We had two single rooms booked. Upon arrival, the receptionist told us that only one single room was booked. I had my voucher from dhr which clearly showed two single rooms, each with our name against it. But the receptionist - who would struggle to win a Miss Charming 2013 nomination - refused to accept this, even when I then went and printed out the payment receipt of USD 170.00, explaining to her that this was USD 85 per room. Somewhat snootily she informed me that I could hardly expect to get a room at the Tophams for £46 (the equivalent of USD 85) per night. Finally, she took a pre-authorisation of £100 (about USD 150) on my credit card and gave my brother and me a twin room. This was less than…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or625-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Simple elegance and good quality,I found this hotel last minute online and had heard there had been a huge refurbishment on the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised as I know the standard of some Victoria hotels and it can be hit or miss often. I got offered a free upgrade to junior suite and i will def be staying here again.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or625-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst bathroom ever,"The weird thing is that everything else about the hotel is good and they are clearly working hard on the guest experience. But never have I seen a worse condition of bathroom  The basement rooms are built in part under the road. My bathroom had horrendous damp problems. It had a lovely large bath, and I thought I'd risk a bath. But by the time I ran it , it wad full of mouldy paint and plaster.   So I decided to have a shower. But the cold tap seemed not to work. Then the shower head blew off under the admittedly admirable water pressure. This left me to take the full force of seriously hot water straight in the chest. I tried to get out but the shower door fell of its runners! So despite a spacious bathroom I refitted to washing in the sink.   I did report this on check out and…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or625-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a disappointment,"Having checked the website and booked via late rooms I found myself in room 7 of the annex, how very disappointed I was.  Mis match of furniture, double headboard with spaced apart twin beds, no valance to hide the mattress, stains on the ceiling in at least 3 places and the TV did not work.  I must have been really close to the kitchen as when I opened the door the smell of cooked fish hit me. The toiletries were limited, no shower cap and just basic's nothing to warrant the supposedly 5 star with 4 star prices as advertised on the website. Late rooms claimed this room was over £700 for the night down to a bargain price of £170ish with breakfast included, I got to the restaurant and was offered the continental option only, with a whopping £8 for a yoghurt as an extra, along…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or625-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mind the Trap,"What you read about this hotel is probably very true. Although it looks lovely in the pictures online, and in many ways it is lovely and very well located you need to expect that your experience will be hit or miss at best. I have a hard time writing only terrible things because that would not be a fair assessment of the hotel.   Having said that the hotel has serious organization problems. My general feeling is that they are either under staffed or that the staff is not well managed. I also think that perhaps they tried to re-open the hotel after renovation without enough money to properly finish the project. Every person with whom I came in contact was professional and tried to meet my needs but the hotel is not what you would expect in a 4 star hotel.    Here are some details…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or630-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Go at your peril!,"We also were put here after another hotel had a ""hot water problem"".  We were due to have a twin bedroom with en-suite.  I ended up with a double bed pushed up against a wall, which is great for when you have to walk along the corridor, go down the stairs and then follow the corridor a bit further to get to the bathroom which had a dubious lock and equally dubious level of cleanliness.  This was supposed to have been a spoil ourselves girlie trip away, instead it was a nightmare.  There was also no kettle, but they kindly left us the 1 cup to go with it.   The staff were unhelpful and claimed there were no other rooms, we were not offered a reduction in the price of the room despite it being completely different to what we had paid for in advance and requested.  They should have…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or630-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very good economy class hotel in Central London,"Very good economy class hotel in Central London. Located in a quiet street near Victoria station. Staff adopt a flexible approach and are ready to find solutions in extraordinary situations. The rooms are warm and quiet. The rooms decoration quality not super modern, but everything is pleasant and comfortable. The rooms are well cleaned and the beds are very comfy. Staff have different language backgrounds, so you may find a person speaking your native language. The staff are polite and efficient.  My special thanks to managers La Guana and San.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or630-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"On arrival first impressions seemed very nice, boy how wrong. His hotel came recommended and how I wish I had taken more notice of the trip advisor reviews. Walls were covered in hand prints and marks, paintwork was chipped, very worn carpets, loose toilet seat, broken shower head, broken shower Expelair. Then we have the noise, creaking floorboards, banging doors, heavy footsteps. All this topped off by a worn out lumpy mattress and pillows. Complained to which we just got the reply the couple above have now checked out. Not quite sure how that would sort things. My advise would be to avoid this hotel, not what you would expect for Belgravia.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or630-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"Mould on the walls, sheets stained with black marks, blocked toilets, unhelpful staff.  I complained twice but at the time there was so many people complaining that my complaint was lost amongst them. Avoid this hotel at all costs. Appearances can be deceptive.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or630-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Flooding room,"Terrible service, pretty in pictures room with hole in the ceiling and mould on the ceiling of the bathroom. Lumpy soft bed and woke to a flood in the room coming from the ceiling into the room, over the television. Staff so unhelpful and no manager to be seen at any stage and uncontactable.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or635-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"Booked a single room at Tophams and they ""upgraded"" me free of charge to a double room in the worst room I have ever seen not in Tophams Hotel but in Belgravia Mews which is run by the same people and is just 4 blocks away from Tophams building. The room they wanted me to stay was old, dark, freezing cold, dirty, with old fashioned bad condition furniture... I had no intention whatsoever to stay there. I complaint and got a two-floor triple room with one double bed and two singled beds upstairs at Tophams building for the same price. I wondered... why did they try to put me in that dark, dirty, cold cave????  Anyway, the triple room was not in much better condition: dirty carpet, dirty curtains, stains on walls, no soap, body gel, shampoo, hair dryer or anything in the bathroom,…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or635-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Crickey.. Very bad!!,"Unbelievable .. booked via Laterooms, write up sounded good, thought I was getting a good deal...definitely wasn't.  Tiny single room, v smelly en-suite in a cupboard, apparently you can't expect a remote control for TV and have to stop bothering staff about it ...avoid !!!!",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or635-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","You will be disappointed, more like Bottoms than Tophams","Booked as a birthday treat we paid £150 per night for 2 nights inc continental breakfast.  The reception area was quite nice and the room was average but acceptable for the price. The bed however was not, it was so old and lumpy we had to sleep on top of the duvet to make it bearable. We were woken in the night by a fire alarm and fair enough these things happen but the walls were so thin and the door so ill fitting that it was impossible to get back to sleep again with all the noise from staff coming in and out of the service cupboard next door. There was no apology in the morning for the disruption.  At breakfast we were offered cornflakes or brown?! We didn't care to find out what that was! Some warm concentrated fruit juice, a round of toast (warm sliced bread) the selection…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or635-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Had an afternoon tea for two through wowcher. Went with a friend. Booking was straightforward and easy. Lovely service, very friendly staff even though we got lost and turned up late. Tasty cakes though one looked remarkably like half of a Mr Kipling. Generous portions. Good value for money.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or635-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again!,Stayed here on 30th may 2012. One week later I noticed that Tophams had charged me twice for the room. Fortunately I was able to speak to the person who had inadvertently charged my card twice and she remembered having a problem confirming payment and recalled that I was asked to enter my pin on 2 occasions. I was assured a refund ASAP. 1 week later and no refund. I contacted Tophams again and was told that they might issue a refund once I had supplied proof of booking and proof of double charging by supplying my bank account details and a copy of a bank statement. I discussed this problem with my own bank who agreed to reclaim the 2nd charge on my behalf. No apology from hotel though.  I had booked belgravia mews which is run by Tophams and was 'upgraded' for free to double…,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or640-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,A lovely afternoon tea!! I don't know how much it was because it was a treat from a friend but the service was lovely and the bubbly and cakes where too !! Lovely waiter and all the girls were great best cuppa of coffee !! Would definitely go back ! ,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or640-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",TOPHAMS HOTEL Don't stay here!,"Do not stay at this hotel. The shower tray in the room was cracked and filthy, the lampshade was broken and the state of the room can only be discribed as shabby (not chic). The recpetion staff are unhelpful to the point of being rude and the breakfast is inedible. When we tried to complain the receptionist ignored us and although I have emailed the general manager several times to voice my complaint I have not had a reply. The times I have called he is never available.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or640-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Why has this place not been closed down??,"Nightmare.  That sums up our stay at Tophams.  We stayed from Friday to Sunday and a few of the problems we encountered were as follows:  No coat hangers - 4 requests and 4 hours later we received 2.  No more were available.  Damp stained room in desperate need of a makeover - cracked walls and tiles in the bathroom, a door frame that was hanging off as if the door had previously been forced open and never repaired.  Fire alarms that went off both mornings at about 8am.  The room was not cleaned nor the towels replaced during our stay.  Extortianate bar prices - £12 for 2 small bottles of beer.  Not that you could call it a bar as all they had were bottles of beer or white wine!  While the above were minor irratations, the biggest farce of the stay was breakfast which is served…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or640-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again,"Had to stay in London on a business trip, for three nights, this hotel was in the list of the company's travel agency, was attracted by the 4 star rating. Room was not ready upon arrival, maybe I arrived too early. Room was horrible, in the basement, windows facing a wall, bad WiFi signal. One day I returned to the hotel at ~3 pm, the room had not been done yet. On two evenings, the maid entered the room without notice and without knocking on the door. The lobby was a complete mess, with clerks shouting and quarreling. Breakfast food was decent, but the service was terrible. The credit card charge was done in multiple rounds, making my expense report troublesome. Only positive side is the location, close to Victoria station.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or640-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,Do yourselves a favour - never stay here. It's a complete joke! On arrival you are hit with a smell if damp and it gets worse in the rooms. I was allocated a room 310 which was a disgrace. It stank of damp and was dirty but that was nothing compared to the bathroom. The ceiling was covered in damp patches and was hanging down in areas. The shower had mould  every where and the floor tiles were cracked so you couldn't walk about in bare feet. I got moved after complaining about how disgusting it was to 204. The room was slightly cleaner but the bathroom was as bad. Had I not already paid for the room I would have left.  They cleaned the bathroom - not that it made any difference.  I refused to eat there because of their hygiene standards - I was convinced I would get food…,Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or645-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","SHOCKINGLY SQUALID ROOMS, SHODDY SERVICE - NEVER stay at this hotel if you can avoid it","I have recently had the most ghastly, unpleasant and unsatisfactory experience I can remember in a London hotel.  I booked to stay at Tophams Hotel from 15th-18th October 2013.  Having checked in and dropped my luggage at the reception desk at around 9:00am on Tuesday, 15th, I returned after dinner at around 11:00pm. I found to my surprise that the staff had put me in another, different hotel fifty metres or so from Tophams, with a different name. It was clear, therefore, that I would not be able to take meals in the hotel restaurant without having to contend with the cold, wet autumn weather.   I would never have booked a room in Tophams hotel, had I been aware that this might happen. As if this was not bad enough, the pokey, squalid little room they offered was in a basement,…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or645-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Was excited to book afternoon tea through Groupon at this apparently high class London hotel and were unfortunately very disappointed.  Although the service was lovely the food left much to be desired. The bread was dry and sandwich fillings flavourless and the cakes appeared to be chosen from the reduced section in sainsburys. We found a fly in the icing of one cake and although it was replaced very quickly with great embarrassment, it suggests that they leave their cakes out. ",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or645-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Brillant Brillant !!!,"I stayed here for work and found the staff and hotel , one of the best in this price range in London , I loved the beds so comfortable , everything was perfect , thanks so much for great overnight , I will definatly reccommend to anyone staying in london for business or pleasure . The Breakfast and staff where great ! Nice selection of food and good old fashion english breakfast !",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or645-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers lives!,"For those of you who don’t know, Fawlty Towers was a very funny TV programme in the 1970’s about a badly run hotel and starring John Cleese. Tophams Hotel runs it very close!  We arranged to stay in the hotel as my wife had been bought a voucher for afternoon tea and we checked in at about 14.00. Things didn’t get off to a great start as we were allocated a room and were then called back by the receptionist as she had given us the wrong one. However, this was sorted out and we were given another room which turned out to be fine – quite small but adequate although the en-suite was a little strange as it featured a fire exit which on exiting the shower you could inadvertently open and the door led directly onto the pavement!  There was no toilet paper in the bathroom and so I went…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or645-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not for the handicap,"First room we had on first floor had long narrow hallways and lots of stairs. They moved us to the 3 rd floor . Room okay but a flight of stairs down to the bath. I had knee replacement a few months ago, so I had a little trouble going down the stairs. This was not mentioned in review. Great location. Phone did not work, New flat screen but no remote after 2nd day they finally fixed them",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or650-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nightmare in Ebury street,"Got worried when I saw the blue painted entrance door that looked as if a passing Mafia staff car had attacked it.Cramped double room (3). Bed, 100 springs packed in loose formation, zebedee noises if you moved, b-doing. Worst bed ever! No coat hangers, requested, only 2 available, arrived 24 hours later. TV control set worked only directly in front of TV. Bedside lamp bulb missing. WC seat off centre, had to adjust. Seat different size from pan. Carpet unclean. Bathroom floor space about 0.25 sq metres cracked tiles filled with a black mastic. No room tidy by 1600 hours on 2nd day. Bar area, apparently no bar, area used as a flop lie about zone for departing guests, some fast asleep. Breakfast, asked for boiled eggs on menu, none, only dried scrambled egg.  Biggest problem…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or650-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Having read the reviews we wondered whether it was even worth making the effort to go to London to redeem our groupon voucher.  However, it was a nice day and we had nothing else planned so decided to go. What a surprise we had booked for 4pm and arrived just after 3pm  no problems a charming receptionist showed us to a table in the restaurant.  The waitress was very polite and pleasant and nothing was too much trouble for her and we were not rushed at all, the atmosphere was very relaxing and peaceful and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience I think this is the best afternoon tea we have had so far in London.  This is one venue where you are not looked down on for being a groupon customer but are treated extremely well. I cannot praise the staff enough",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or650-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"had a great afternoon with old school friends. Sandwiches a cakes delicious, atmosphere good. Service excellent. We were treated by a friend for a birthday celebration and she was concerned about pour previous reviews. She had nothing to worry about we had a great afternoon and were well looked after.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or650-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea!,"My mum and I were worried about our tea, as we read the reviews after we'd booked. Well, we were pleasantly surprised! The staff were so attentive and helpful, and even helped mum to the loo! The coffee was lovely - most definitely not instant! The sandwiches were lovely, as were the cakes! The room was tastefully decorated with a gorgeous glass roof. No complaints whatsoever, and would definitely come back!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or650-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,After reading the reviews was a bit worried about going here for afternoon tea .  If your looking for a ritz style afternoon tea don't expect it as this is not but on the whole it was nice the glass of champagne was nice and chilled and went down really nice the cakes were shop brought 2 was a Mr Kipling French Fancy and  2 Tesco Square Brownie there was carrot cake to which was nice to but like all other reviews these were shop brought the scone was really nice and it was warm to but didn't think a lot to the sandwiches there was not a lot of them the tea was nice and we got good service I got this on a wow voucher deal and it does what it says on the tin so don't go expecting much and you will be pleasantly surprised but for £16 for two it was a good deal and we did enjoy it…,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or655-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",So bad it was almost funny,"You know you're in trouble when there is a queue at reception that has clearly been there a while - even more so when the people waiting advise you to leave.  However, that is what I would have done if I hadn't prepaid.  Instead I watched the American accented lady behind reception go into one of the most spectacular breakdowns ever.  She swore, she sighed, she threw the phone down and complained about the guests; the manager; the system and her life.  Took me 40 minutes of these dramatics to get my room key thrown at me.  It was so extreme I was looking for the hidden cameras - thinking it was a prank.  First time I've seen someone out do Basil Fawlty in real life - abusing guests who are paying upwards of £200 a night for the privilege.  After that trauma - nothing was going…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or655-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT go for 'Champagne Afternoon Tea' here,"What an awful, awful time and waste of money. No service, don't know what sweet fizz was served up under the guise of champagne. No refills of food and the cakes were Mr Kiplings, for goodness sakes. The coffee was instant. No soap in the one toilet. It was just embarrassingly awful.  Angry they have the cheek to take my money.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or655-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as some have painted but could tweak it up a bit more,"I booked this hotel within fairly tight timescales so didn't read the reviews until after I paid for the 2 nights upfront. Later, speaking on the telephone with a member of staff, I felt a little more relaxed when she told me the bad reviews related to an annexe down the road. That said, I made sure booking in and checking the room were my first port of call!  On first glance, all was okay and I felt relaxed enough to go and fulfil my day's activities. The carpet was a bit stained but the bed had clean white linen, the bath and toilet was clean and all seemed in order.   No towels though. So I mentioned it to an assistant as I was going out again. She spoke to the maid while I was there and cue everyone smiling. (They were all very friendly though none were indigenous.)  …",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or655-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not recommended,"I was moved to a room in the Tophams hotel after I made a complaint about the Belgravia Mews hotel, which is under the same management and shares the reception. This is a separate review on my stay at Tophams; for Belgravia Mews please see my earlier-posted review.   After a horrible experience at Belgravia Mews, I was provided a single-bed room with shared shower and toilet. It is astonishing to have a shared shower/toilet for such a pricey room.  Bed mattress was acceptable. I was able to have some decent sleep.  The room had a TV but without a remote controller, which I didn't receive for three days (see Service section for details). The room was small but clean (at least compared to Belgravia Mews).  My room did not have a hanger at all, for which I had to call the…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or655-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Somewhere to rest your head but not a luxury retreat!,"A friend and I booked for a 2 night stay.  We booked a twin room but on arrival we were told there were no twin rooms available and put In a ""deluxe"" double.  Thankfully we know each other well, however in other circumstances this may not have been suitable.  The room itself was not exactly ""deluxe"",  the paint work was chipped and the furniture needed some attention.  However it was clean and comfortable.  We had a full English both mornings which was included, it was terrible, it had obviously been cooked earlier and been left sitting out, cold rubbery toast, tasteless scrambled eggs, at £20 a massive rip off.  There are plenty of places nearby which serve breakfast which I'm sure provide better value for money. We also had afternoon tea which again carried a hefty £32 price…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or660-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't bother with the Time Out Afternoon Tea offer,"What a terrible experience based on such promise! Afternoon tea promoted on the Time Out London website, reduced from £64 per couple to £26. This consisted of sitting in an empty room set up for breakfast the following day, completely inattentive service, plastic ham sandwiches, plastic cheese sandwiches, Mr Kipling French fancies, Tesco or similar tray bake, a jar of jam with a dry  plain scone and zero atmosphere. We were in and out in 20 minutes, didn't even bother with the bubbly and resorted to chips in Victoria Station to fill ourselves. A complete waste of money.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or660-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Accessibility and friendliness,"On Sunday 16th September a group of four from jaccede.com had afternoon tea at the hotel. we were representing a French charity  working for and disabled people to help them find the places best suited to their needs. At first glance the Tophams is not obviously accessible however the staff went out or their way to help us. Sam,  Kullicka and Maria helped us  carry the electric wheelchair up the stairs, we were allowed to leave it in a safe area. The furniture was moved in the dining room so that it was easier for us to sit at the table, a bedroom was opened on the ground floor to give us access to a bathroom. Without their help, their sensitivity and   the delicious afternoon tea, this wonderful afternoon could have turned into a nightmare. Find out more on jaccede.com and…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or660-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than Expected,"We booked this hotel through an Expedia hidden hotel deal. We were concerned after reading the reviews. However, I took a tip from another reviewer and e-mailed the hotel ahead of time, confirming our reservation and telling them we had read their reviewed and required a nice room and could not be moved to the other hotel. We were pleasantly surprised with our room on the 3rd floor. We had a cozy room, nicely decorated and then steps going down to a closet and bathroom. There were obvious water damage and was a little shabby, but otherwise was clean. The mattress was very poor, but actually slept well. It appeared that there was supposed to be a water heater because there was coffee and tea, but we did not have anything in our room to heat water with. Also, the woman at the…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or660-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not so bad after all,"We were quite nervous about our stay in this hotel after reading the bad reviews. However we were pleasantly suprised. Our room was really rather nice maybe a little shabby round the edges but the sheets were clean and the bed was comfy we both slept really well which is rare for me in a hotel room. Usually they are too hot and stuffy because the windows dont open and noisy, but this was quiet with good ventilation because the windows open. When we got there after 3hrs on the Mega bus we wanted to make a cup of tea but there was no kettle, I went down to reception where the staff were lovely and accomodating and actually made us a big pot of tea and carried it to our room. We would stay here again the reception area was very stylish and it is in a good position. Tip: ring before…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or660-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Theatre break,"Just been to this hotel at the weekend for my daughters 21st, was a bit nervous due to reviews on this website, but have to say pleasantly surprised, great location near theatre we wanted , near tube station Victoria, also can walk to Buckingham Palace in 10 mins, Clean and tidy room , asked for more towels no problem, breakfast was basic but not unpleasant, would have liked choice of how eggs were cooked and not just given scrambled, but that is a minor point, full English with toast,pastries and plenty of juice and tea or coffee, so if you want a nice hotel in a central location and not too expensive chose this one.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or665-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Great location.  Service and room preparation were well below their normal standard.  No towels, no bath mat, missing telephone.  Telephone that finally came didn't work well.  Staff argued with each other.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or665-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Average, maybe worth money if using discount site","We visited tophams for one night as part of an anniversary weekend, booked through hotwire seeing it was a ""4* hotel*. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor I planned ahead, emailing them twice to confirm that we were a) going to be in the tophams hotel and not the sister, belgravia mews and b) the room would be worth staying in, considering it was our anniversary. It seems to pay to enquire ahead as our room was quite nice (however, not if you were paying full price) bar a few scuff marks on furniture etc. Our only issue is how close you are to adjoining rooms; we could quite easily hear our neighbours. The breakfast on the other hand, was appalling, our ""continental breakfast"" was three stale pieces of toast, two mini croissants and I had the fruit salad, which was three…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or665-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - absolutely appalling!,"DO NOT TAKE AFTERNOON TEA AT THIS HOTEL, unless you've a particular desire for poor service, the lowest standard of food & decor that is to be polite, shabby without the chic. We were so disappointed & shocked by what we were offered it was a case of laugh or cry. We chose to laugh, uncontrollably for a while as we remembered discussing what we should wear for this anticipated 'grand' occasion. The staffs lack of attention was quite possibly acute embarrassment & the empty tables testament to its quality. AVOID! ",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or665-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as we thought....,"After reading all the reviews on various sites, I was very worried about our stay here for 2 nights for our 25th Wedding Anniversary.  I had emailed when I booked to see if we could stay in the main part of the hotel and have a bottle of champagne ready in our room on arrival.  After a couple of emails the hotel confirmed that this was confirmed and that the champagne would be there in our room on arrival.  When we arrived the receptionist was polite and directed us to our room.  When we arrived in the room unfortunately the champagne wasn't there, we phoned reception to find out where it was and they said they would send it up, after 45 minutes still no champagne so my husband went to reception to chase it up and within 5 minutes the bottle arrived.  That was the downside.  The…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or665-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea using Living Social voucher.,"Bought a Living Social voucher to take my daughter for afternoon tea after a visit to Buckingham Palace. Tophams is a five minute walk away.After reading previous reviews I wasn't expecting to be wowed, but upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised.The hotel lobby and restaurant are pleasant enough, with quirky decorative items and lovely lamps. The dining room was bright and clean and the staff were friendly.  The cakes were definitely shop-bought, in fact as we were sitting I saw numerous members of staff coming in with Sainsbury's bags (so not Tesco cakes after all!), but so what? If I'd wanted hand crafted patisseries I'd not have bought a Living Social voucher and would have gone to the Savoy. My daughter wanted afternoon tea, with cakes on a stand, I wanted a cool glass of…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or670-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing afternoon tea.,"We had tea at the hotel which was very disappointing.  The quantity and quality was dreadful. We have been to many hotels for tea but this was the worse by far. No choice of teas, dry scones which made us think everything was bought in. Even the Mr Kipling iced fancies. Champagne was nice but definitely at the expense of the food. Better to have had option of champagne and focus on the quality of the food. I used my tastecard so had 50% off the bill but even so it was not good value. The service was not good either although the staff were friendly. The toilet facilities were not good either with one single toilet that was unisex.  ",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or670-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not impressed,"My experience did not live up to my expectations. While checking in, the staff seemed to be wondering which room to put me in, openly mentioning to each other rooms which they had had to move other guests into. The room I was given was cramped, the bed small and no tv remote control was provided. It was also excessively warm - air con was provided but was so loud when operating it was impossible to sleep while it was on. Very little soundproofing between rooms and floors, when other rooms were operating the air con it could clearly be heard and this woke me several times during the night. One side of the bed was higher than the other, sloping from left to right, but it was too late by this stage to change rooms. I managed about 4 hours sleep in all, which I could expect if I'd…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or670-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at tophams,"Really good! Lovely reception area. Very pleasant dining room. Nice staff and good food. What more could one ask for? Plus got a parking space right outside the door. Went there today and the weather is wet and cool, but the dining area was very warm, so could well get too hot when the sun comes out, due to the glass roof.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or670-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This hotel steals your money - do NOT stay there,"I stayed at this place (I can't call it a hotel) for 4 nights at the beginning of July. When I got my credit card statement I saw that they had charged me twice. I rang them immediately and they said they would sort it out. They did not. I rang the hotel a total of 5 times over 2 weeks. The manager was never there nor did he return my calls. I even went into the hotel to try to sort it out but they would not refund me my money which was nearly £1,000. It was a horrible experience made worse by the rude and dismissive staff.  In the end I reported the hotel to trading standards and informed my credit card company. My credit card company have refunded me and will attempt to get their money back from the hotel directly.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or670-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","So, so bad","If you're a fan of surly service, lumpy mattresses, sub-par bath amenities and an almost completely residental block with few local dining options, this is the place for you. Such a disappointing experience here. The lock between my door and the adjoining door was broken, and the staff did not seem to be concerned at all. My room was tidied, but they hung towels I had put on the floor back on the rack (I know because of the stain and smell of one of them). The cranky American woman at the front desk needs to get out of the service industry, she's not doing the hotel any favors.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or675-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea with living social voucher - great deal,"Attended Tophams today with a friend for afternoon deal with livingsocial voucher. It was great.  Tea room decor very nice,relaxing pleasant atmosphere, staff excellent, afternoon tea very nice food and drinks.  Had  a lovely time Tophams, Thank you",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or675-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dont stay at this hotel!,"My stay at the Topham Hotel was by far the most awful hotel experience of my life.  I booked and paid in advance for a twin room for myself and my 17 year old son as a post exam treat and a chance to catch up with Aussie friends staying just around the corner.  On arrival we were escorted out and along the street to another premises which was disgustingly filthy and tatty and shown to our room which contained just a small double bed, barely fitting in the room, a shower squeezed into a very small cupboard, a strange glass cabinet full of electrical wiring covered with a sheet and a shared toilet outside in the corridor with a broken handle and no lock. There was no privacy curtain on the ground floor window and the carpet was foul.  We requested a change of room and finally…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or675-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Rip off: Much better options available nearby,"Tiny room, no curtains, no safe, no cold water, very noisy from banging doors and lift. What a ripoff.  Staff were pleasant but the whole place has an amateur feel, no attention to what it would be like to stay in the rooms. Avoid.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or675-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Average afternoon tea,"Had an afternoon tea here which was a birthday treat from my fiancé. Didn't find the lady on reception all that friendly. Was shown to a table in quite a nice area with a conservatory type roof but this made it very very hot and stuffy. No air conditioning which they really need. Got a pot of tea to start and the cakes and sandwiches arrived soon after. Was shocked at how little there was,was definitely expecting more. Food was ok...nothing special but enjoyable. The champagne definitely wasn't champagne,more a low alcohol cheap fizzy drink. Only took us 30 minutes from start to finish and that was us eating slowly. Would have liked a little more. We did it on a wowcher offer so didn't pay full price...if you did you'd feel very disappointed indeed! Wouldn't go again and was…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or675-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Good location, w some effort could be so much better","This was our third stay over the years at Topham's and I think it's a little worse for the wear.  This trip was me and my college-aged daughter. We had a ground floor room (#6) which was roomy with comfy beds, nice sized bath ( just noted low ceilings) and just across the corridor from the breakfast room.  Breakfast offerings were full English breakfast plus fruit, granola, yogurt, etc.  We were there during busy July (& Prince George's birth day) so staff were a bit overwhelmed.  One day they had not come in to make up the room when we arrived back in e evening.  Note, we had friends in rooms on upper floors and they were much smaller and some odd arrangements (like bathroom down a set of stairs).   My biggest disappointment at Topham's seems to be the easiest thing to fix: a…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or680-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The luck of the draw,"We were moved to this hotel from the even worse rated Knightsbridge Green. It was about 11pm at night and the receptionist was very friendly and showed us to our room (she even asked if I would like to take a book from the shelves I was browsing).   I believe it's the rooms that aren't on the ground floor that are getting the bad reviews, as our room, Room 5 was HUGE. It may have been in need of a lick of paint here and there, scratches on the wallpaper where furniture had been moved etc, but it was clean and spacious. The bathroom was also enormous with a very inviting bathtub, although again, a bit worse for wear.   The only complaints I have are that the bathroom was hotter than the fiery depths of hell and we couldn't figure out why or how to cool it down, and the…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or680-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Afternoon Tea,The area is very nice but the Hotel is pretty average with wear and tear marks showing quite clearly. The afternoon Tea was so so. Sandwiches ok but nothing special like the entire tea it self. Nothing to offend but nothing to get excited about. I did like the suit of armour in the entrance hall and the pair of cannons. I wouldn't mind them at home. Not really one to recomend.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or680-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasently surprised,"Booked online through Laterooms.com and had to pay the full amount first (won't do that again). States it is a 5 star hotel and actual price 8 times what we paid - wouldn't pay the 'full' price. I checked Trip Advisor AFTER the booking and if I had checked before, then I wouldn't have booked. However, I was pleasently surprised as the hotel was clean, decor lovely (some minor work required) and breakfast was really good. Some improvements: reception not well defined - just a huge old desk; no signage - thought it was a solicitors! Also we booked a twin room and was given a double as the twin room wasn't ready - we arrived at 6pm and check-in from 4pm so no excuses really. However, wasn't an issue for us.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or680-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needing some serious work to make this a 4 star,"Having read the recent reviews I was dreading this hotel. My wife and I were away for a break in the city so what did we find. Reception impressive as you arrive, staff professional and courteous foyer and lounge everything you might expect in boutique lounge. Bedroom needs serious work. Door handle into room came off in our hand. The bed must have had a party of Sumo wrestlers staying, it was so saggy. Bathroom all worked but lots of ceiling staining as was the case of bedroom. Thankfully AC worked but both side lamps to bed had blown bulbs. Breakfast is in a small hot room, buffet style, and to be honest a bit of a bun fight. Management would do well to visit their competitors who are not only a lot cheaper but sharper and looking at quality in the small things.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or680-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Please read. Tip for everyone at the end!!,"Right where to start??  Booked the room on getaroom.com but didn't receive any email confirmations so had to email them and also tophams for my confirmation details especially after learning how awful everyone's experience was on trip advisor you can imagine how paranoid and worried I was.   The hotel itself is in an excellent location. Just a few minutes walk from Victoria station. The hotel is clean and a little old fashioned decor. I filled out a form and noticed that the ""room rate"" was less than I had actually paid, I asked her why is this? And she took the paper and aggressively scribbled it out. (Will need to contact the booking agent to question this matter!) anyway I was put in room 404. Lifts only go up to 3 and then you have to walk through the very very narrow…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or685-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Could have been better but not as bad as I was expecting!,"I made the mistake of reading the reviews before we travelled to London for my mums birthday weekend, I was absolutely dreading the possibility of having let her down on the accommodation that I booked! I was so relieved that we were checked in and shown to a room that was on the whole ok when we arrived!  On first impressions the reception area looked really nice and the staff that greeted us at reception were really friendly and courteous even though we had arrived earlier than the time stated to check in. The check in process was quick( maybe a little rushed) which was fine by us except we realised once we had got to our room they hadn't told us what time breakfast was served from and what time check out was the next day. The room was small but convenient as we were only…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or685-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as I thought,"After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I was really worried what the hotel would be like. After checking in I was pleasantly surprised, we were given a room on the fourth floor that was clean and tidy and perfectly suitable for our needs. ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or685-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,A lovely afternoon spent having a champagne afternoon tea at Tophams Hotel.  On entering the hotel the reception staff were courteous we were seated immediately and the waiting staff were smiling and professional at all times.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or685-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"After reading the reviews on here I was dreading it but I had already bought a voucher for the champagne afternoon tea. It was lovely. Staff were friendly, everything was clean and we had an enjoyable afternoon. For what we paid it was well worth the money.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or685-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I got a voucher through Amazon and took my friend for afternoon tea for her birthday. Looking at the reviews I was a little  apprehensive??  We arrived was seated straight away, had a glass of nice bubbly each, they catered for my friend who is vegatarian, and had pleanty of sandwiches and cakes. We had coffe rather than tea and thourghly enjoyed the whole tea. Very nice smaller hotel",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or690-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst afternoon tea ever,"AVOID!  I took my mum here for a late mother's day present - and it was terrible! Got shown into a conservatory which was crammed full of as many tables as they could squeeze, and which was boiling hot despite it being cold outside. The crockery was chipped, the cups had stains in and the waitress didn't know what kinds of tea they had. And then they brought out the food - the sandwiches were fine but ALL OF THE CAKES ARE FROM TESCO - not even tesco finest range - i recognised them all from when we have a birthday party at work. I don't know if the advertised champagne really was champagne, but to be honest that tasted fine. Overall this is really nothing special and I would definitely never ever ever go back.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or690-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I booked this for afternoon tea through wowcher and will say that it was good value for money £26 for 2 there was plenty of food, tea and coffee.  The staff were friendly and attentive and the glass of bubbly was lovely to end the afternoon, I have read the previous reviews and was a bit worried but not having to actually stay at the hotel I thought I would go with it and was presently surprised and have to say it was very nice.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or690-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never never never stay here - worst hotel in London,"the rooms are the size of cupboards and the carpets are stained, the paint is peeling from the walls and ceilings. I booked a room here for one night when I was in London on business. The first room I was allocated was tiny, next to the clunky lift shaft and the shower fitting was broken, they moved me to another room where the window was broken and poorly covered with plastic, the shower room was so small if you sat on the toilet your knees were hitting the shower screen and I am only 5' 2'' tall. Both taps in the sink gave hot water and leaking so badly that it flooded the floor, the next room they gave me the lock was broken and I couldn't get into the room. The last room they gave me was on the ground floor and the secondary glazing was broken so the traffic noise was a…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or690-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","A hovel, not a hotel","Stayed here one night and glad it was no more. Although it was on the firm, it was terrible value. The room was hot and stuffy, no aircon , no wifi, the shower took 15 minutes to warm up. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable I had ever slept in. The bathroom tap was loose in the sink and the plug Could not be removed once in. Staff were okay though",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or690-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Only went for tea!,"We went here for afternoon tea only.  I had read some recent reviews on tripadvisor from people who had stayed here and was worried that they may be right warning people away!  I am not convinced that the frenzy of vicious attacks is fully justified.  I wonder if this site is useful, as negative feedback inevitably will lead to a drop in revenue and the bad review may become a self-fulfilling prophesy over time.  The reception area was being cleaned as we arrived and there was a sense that we had caught them off-guard.  Nevertheless, we were directed to the restaurant and there was no problem with this.  The dining room was light and airy with a lantern light above.  It was interesting to be able to see the view of old walls to the surrounding buildings and so refreshing to be…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or695-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Scam,"My office booked this for me via Laterooms & I did read the reviews on Trip Advisor but decided to risk it........ Bad decision.  I arrived at approx 9pm to be advised that my booking could not be located ; despite the fact that I had both an email confirmation & booking reference. A polite gentleman checked me in & said it wasn't a problem as they had room for me. A young girl was asked to show me to H2. I was a little surprised when she opened the door to the street and escorted me approximately 250 yards back down Ebury Street. I asked her where we going & if it was still part of the Tophams Hotel. She advised that it was , just a different part.   She opened the door to another 'hotel' , I cannot recall the name, but it immediately felt like a hostel. At first she couldn't…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or695-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never stay here.,"This was our ""upgrade"" hotel after we saw the state of the original hotel booked (Belgravia Mews - connected to Topham). There was black mould in the corners in the bathroom along with loose floor tiles that popped up when you walked across them. The double bed room was actually just a twin bed with the mattresses pushed apart. We had a balcony facing the street on the second floor and neither the door in the bathroom or bedroom shut/locked properly. Both could be pulled open VERY easily. The door handle in the bathroom also was broken and would fall off when turned. There were stains on the carpet and walls from previous stays. We notified the front desk immediately of all of our maintenance problems and nothing was fixed during our stay. There was also a continuous damp smell…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or695-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel i ever known,"When we arrived they allocated our room next building. It was disaster room. there is no lift to 3 floor and bad room condition (phone on the room was not working, the door handle looses, dark light, weird smell ) I traveled Europe several times. Tune hotel is better!!  We complained the room condition and asked to change the room but hotel's answer they dont have available room.  But at the room we found the protection(CD) and coundnt stay any more! and we realised that the door in front of the building was named ""Belgravia Mews Hotel"" with small letter.   It was not Tophams hotel when we booked. it was Belgravia Mews hotel 2 star.  They didnt noticed us anything before we found and complained. they pretended it was also tophams hotel. They changed our room finally but the…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or695-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Horrendous doesn't even come close!!,"I strongly advise not to stay at this hotel! On arrival the door was shut and no one wold answer, then when checking in they didn't even have a room ready, I was meant to be staying in an executive room and they said that I was to stay in a small room with shared bathroom facilities? Eventually I got the executive room which being ex military I have stayed in more executive forests!! Wallpaper was pealing off, room had a horrible stench, half the lights didn't work, bed was extremely uncomfortable, and room In general was dirty, I thought this was bad enough until I went into the en suite bathroom where I was nearly knocked out with the awful stench of sewers and blocked pipes, Which obviously made the towels smell!! There were at least 5-10 flies buzzing around which was gross!…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or695-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",do not go here,"I cannot condemn this hotel enough.  Everything about our experience here on Monday June 3rd 2013 sums up just what can go wrong with an hotel from the moment of entering its grubby portals. (A flashy  looking foyer) and then the most surly unhelpful disagreeable woman who ever thought of entering the hospitality trade. An aggressive demand that we pay upfront for our accommodation (two nights), led to us asking to see our allocated room before paying. Thank goodness we did; room four turned out to be small (not unusual in London town house hotels) and very dark, with scaffolding against the window but it was the SMELL...rather like the boiling water after crabs have been cooked, damp is not a  strong enough description. The receptionist expressed surprise when told of this,…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or700-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not Recommended,"OK..were to start. We were sent to this hotel from out original hotel due to power cut. On arrival the hotel looks great with an amazing location. The reception staff were ok but didn't offer any assistance or inform us about the services in the hotel i.e. breakfast etc. We were given room 6 on the ground floor, this should have been called the ""cave"" as it was the darkest room I have ever stayed in due to the court yard on the outside blocking any natural light coming in through the glass in the  door to the courtyard or the window which sadly lacked any locks which raised concerns over the security of the room. It was a hot weekend and the air conditioning only went down to 17 and opening the window didn't feel at all safe the room turned from ""cave"" to ""oven"" which made for a…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or700-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mutton dressed as lamb,"Stayed here earlier this month, and although the location is excellent I really regret spending the amount of money we did on what is essentially a 2* hotel.  Mould on one towel, towels were NEVER changed, breakfast was bland and low quality, always some guest arguing at reception (which was worrying), room was in a weary state, mattress was saggy... If I'd booked a cheap hotel and this was the case I wouldn't bat an eyelid as you get what you pay for but this was supposed to be a 4* hotel! And we were under the impression it had recently been refurbished!  We should have read the TripAdvisor reviews before booking so all in all it's our own fault really...  On the plus side its very convenient to get to Victoria station being only a few streets away and there are lots of lovely…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or700-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unbelievably bad and bordering on a scam!,"I have stayed in this hotel three times over the past year and can confidently tell you that this hotel is not 4-star, and they seem to be running a scheme of consistent overbookings. During my first stay, I had a simple, small room, booked on a relatively cheap offer. However, when I booked another stay, I was told on arrival that they had no more rooms available, and I would have to stay in a hotel next door for the first night. This ""hotel"" turned out to be more of a student dorm-type room, with incredibly noisy rooms, a broken toilet and a broken bed (!). As compensation, all they offered was a free breakfast, but would not give any money back (I prepaid...). I did not stay for ca. 9 months here, but now had another trip to London, where this hotel would be convenient, so I…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or700-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Really ?  I don't think so !,"Really ?  I don't think so. This really is not 4 star hotel. It is a 2 star masquerading as a 4.  I hate to give a bad review to a hotel based on a short stay.  However, I had unwisely booked 10 nights at this hotel. Because they only except prepaid bookings, I was stuck.  The pictures online only show 3 or 4 rooms that have been redone. The rest of the hotel is a shambles. After being in 2 of their ""best rooms"" let me give you specific reasons why this is NOT a 4 star hotel.  1. There was black mold on the vents.  2,  There were numerous yellow water stains and cracks on the ceiling.  3.  The tile floor in the bathroom was not grouted and moved underfoot.  4.  The carpets in the bedrooms were severely stained in multiple places.  5.  Toiletries were only provided on 6 out of 10…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or700-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nightmare on Ebury Street.......,"Whilst we normally take bad reviews with a pinch of salt, this was however, the worst hotel we have ever stayed in.  The hotel was booked through lastminute.com as a top secret hotel deal and once we received confirmation, we read the reviews, but as it was advertised as a 4 star and we have stayed in secret hotels before...we were not too concerned. We had booked this hotel for our anniversary as we were going to Chelsea Flower Show.  We checked in late (after calling to inform the hotel) and as we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised. Things however went downhill, as after we checked in, we were then taken out of the hotel to another building down the road. As soon as we entered the 'Harcourt Hotel', we saw scratched walls, scruffy carpets and our concerns grew when we were…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or705-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointingly poor,"Stayed here for one night with my sister and mother and friend for a girls weekend and Chelsea Flower Show. On arrival I couldn't quite work out if the receptionist had an attitude problem or was just a bit quirky - still don't know but felt we didn't quite get a professional welcome or service. We wanted a drink and sandwich while we waited for room - a young lady was dispatched to us to take our order. However, she barely spoke English and when we asked for white wine spritzer with soda water, couldn't get her to understand. She came back with reinforcement and we were told that the wine was not chilled - fine, put ice in it with the soda water - to be told they had no soda water and so we were brought tonic water! Not quite what we wanted.  We had booked twin rooms - on…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or705-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams 5 day stay in May 2013,"Well after reading all the bad reviews about this hotel we were really unsure of what to expect. We booked it through last minute.com as a Secret Location - gutted when we read the reviews!! When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with the room (room 308) It was spotlessly clean, beautifully decorated, well furnished and perfect! Hairdryer,TV, kettle, fridge, iron and ironing board and safe all in room.  Spacious with a separate mirrored desk area, large toilet with bath and separate shower cubical - all very clean! The staff weren't over chatty but that suited us fine, nothing worse than being caught by a chatty noisy member of staff. Location is PERFECT, 2 min walk from Victoria Station which has great links to Piccadilly Circus via underground. Not even 10 mins on…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or705-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Rooms need refurbishing!,"Lovely ambience when you walk into this hotel..you can tell in it's day it would have been really chic..stayed 1night on in room 105..Although the room smelt lovely each piece of furniture is scuffed, chairs and carpet are stained, curtains need a clean, skirting boards are cracked, walls marked and water stain on the bathroom ceiling. These could be easily rectified with a good clean and an on site handyman..however the pillows are flat and mismatched, the mattress thin and appears old with no mattress protector..I couldn't bring myself to lift the bottom sheet to check the mattress as I wouldn't have slept in the bed! These all need replacing with good quality items..you can see the room would have had an air of quality in it's day it just needs upgrading. I wouldn't book this…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or705-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor quality of everything,"My boyfriend an I stayed there on may 19th and 20th 2013 in room Mews 6. First of all when you come in to the hotel you get the feeling that you did well. WRONG! our room was rubbish and here's why: - It really really stank basement moisture. -the carpet on the floor was dirty, it didn't make want to take off your shoes. -the furniture looked good on the photos in the add but up close they were more than cheap and wobbly. -holes in the walls (I mean come on!) - the matress was too old and as a consequence your head was lower than your feet when lying down -only two pillows about as thick as a sheet of paper (adding to the blood rush to your poor head). -we came in at 4:30pm once and the cleaning lady was there (whitch suprised us since the cleanliness of the place is mediocre at…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or705-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Big Disappointment,"My husband and I stayed at Tophams on Wednesday 15th in room M5 in the basement. We were extremely disappointed and dismayed by the state of the room. We did draw various issues to the attention of staff, whilst there. We had stayed at the hotel before and had recommended it in the past but following this experience, we won't be staying there again. The problems were as follows; - On arrival there was no kettle or glasses and only one cup and saucer in the room (this was rectified) - the carpet was marked/dirty in several places; - when we tried to call reception about the kettle, realised that the telephone was not working; - the lamp on the dressing table was not working; - there were only 3 pillows on the bed; - in the information, it says that wi-fi Internet access is free…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or710-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",My disappointment,I am writing from here whilst the facts are fresh in my mind.  I booked in what I thought was a good hotel. Firstly front of house staff very nice and friendly. Bar rubbish no whisky or brandy or bar staff just reception cover. No dinner in the restaraunt in spite of advertised otherwise on the web site. Breakfast ok but service very slow and disorganised. Waitress most unfriendly when I explained that whatever my booking I would pay the extra for English Breakfast. I was informed on arrival that i had been awarded an 'upgrade' to a double room. I was now situated in the basement. Room did have a double bed with mattress well past it's sell by date. Some sort of semi painted-over plaster patch in bedroom. Bathroom ceiling a peeling paint over disaster. In bedroom drawers would…,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or710-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unpleasant experience,"Having checked in, I was taken out of the hotel down the street and into a separate property which looked like a scruffy bedsit block with tatty carpeting and badly marked walls in need of painting.  I was shown to a room which smelt strongly of damp, the carpet was filthy and the plastic blinds at the window were broken. When I complained I was moved to a slightly less smelly room next door but having been left there, I discovered the bathroom light did not work, nor did the TV and there was no 'phone to call reception. I used my mobile and the receptionist came to the room to fix the light and replace the TV with a tiny portable. With the light on, I could see the mould in the shower and the stains on the floor.  This was a very unpleasant experience - definitely not four star…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or710-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel was in a great location. On arrival the first thing we noticed was the front door needed to be painted. Reception was ok. Room needed a little maintenance work such as carpet was not very clean a few scratches on walls. During the night there would be a occasional loud bang what would wake us up. think it may have been people going up the stairs. breakfast was ok  but they tended to run out of things towards 10 am. overall dont think i will return, but great location. short walk to Victoria station.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or710-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Got a voucher for afternoon tea so took my friend for a joint birthday treat.  Disappointed with the service, waited ages to be seated into a crowded area.  Our tea/coffee order wasn't taken for ages and the cocktails were not served as promised.  Sandwiches seemed to have sat out  as they were very dry.  Wouldn't go again.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or710-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","OK, but just not very comfortable.","Our experience here wasn't as bad as some of the other reviewers. However, it wasn't perfect either. Our main disappointment was how small our room was. Even given the fact that many London hotel rooms are small (I stay in London frequently), this one was very small. There was very little room to manoeuvre around the bed which made the whole experience uncomfortable. The whole hotel just felt cramped & you felt like you needed to go outside to breath.   The decor of the hotel is very nice, but it does certainly need some redecorating in places. For instance, there were a lot of water marks on our ceiling which looked awful.   Breakfast was acceptable & the waitresses were very polite & friendly. The reception staff were OK if not a little officious. I would recommend a bit more…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or715-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a luxury hotel,"Booked this through Lastminute.com as one of their Top Secret hotels which described it as a luxury 4 * hotel. Once we knew the hotel we would be in we looked at their website and it looked like just what we wanted for the start of our honeymoon. On arrival first impressions are good although the reception staff were not over friendly and there was no offer of help with luggage. We went to our room  (305) and were instantly disappointed. The room was so small that the bed was against the wall on one side so no bedside table.  The furniture was chipped and tatty and handles were broken or missing, carpets were old and stained.  We noticed that there was tea and coffee in the room but no kettle so on our way out to eat asked for a kettle.  When we came back we looked or extra…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or715-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shambolic!!!!! NEVER EVER go there!,"The room was in the cellar, with no windows. It was stinking of damp. It was almost completely dark with very scarce lighting and there was not ONE hanger or hook anywhere to even hang a coat. Paint was coming off the walls in the shower. The service was indifferent to any complaints. It is a robbery to charge 150 pounds per night for this dump, it should cost no more that 15!!! NEVER EVER go there.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or715-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Shabby not Chic,"We called this hotel to try and book directly and were spoken to by a very bored unhelpful lady who would rather we booked on the internet and the hotel pay the commission fee than book directly.  Which we then did but we should have known this attitude would continue once we arrived, they really didn't care.  The girls on reception were far too concerned with ducking out the back to whisper and giggle than assist guests and were far from welcoming.  Our 'Deluxe' room was shabby and tiny even by London standards although nicely decorated.  Breakfast the next day was a fraught affair with staff not coping well with maintaining the pretty poor selection of food and the room was in need of a good clean.  I wouldn't stay here again and would suggest that the staff be retrained as a…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or715-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Asda-noon tea!,"I was given a voucher for afternoon tea with champagne at this hotel for my birthday. Luckily for me my daughter lives in london so I didn't have to pay for accommodation in order to use it! Overall, a real disappointment- I cannot seriously believe this tea is ever sold at its advertised price of £64 and can only think its a 'voucher' special! Egg, cream cheese and cucumber + cream cheese and tomato! A scone and cakes that could be found at a Costco near you! Will tell my friends it was fab but if you're thinking of getting one of these vouchers for a friend of yours, don't bother - just give her the money towards a real afternoon tea! ",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or715-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AFTERNOON TEA,"I visited Tophams yesterday for afternoon tea with my mother and, having read the previous reports, was pleasantly suprised at the surroundings and the standard of the tea.  The staff were friendly and helpful and the dining room pleasant.  The sandwiches were fresh and the cakes delicious - there were too many for us to eat!    There were several other people who all seemed to be enjoying their tea.  We had booked on a KGB deal and felt it was very good value.  I hope others are not put off going to Tophams by the previous bad reviews which, in my mind, are unfounded.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or720-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgraceful hotel,"I really hope that people travelling from overseas to our capital city and with the misfortune to stay at this hotel do not believe that the service offered by Tophams is representative of what you can expect from other hotels and services in England and the wider UK.    When I arrived at this hotel, there was already a group of people arguing with the Reception staff about the quality of their room.  After quite a lengthy wait I was forced to interrupt this public argument as I wanted to check in...only to be told that they didn't have a room for me, although I had already paid for it.  They said they had found me a room at another hotel; eventually a taxi came and I was on my way to Hotel No. 2.  Whilst in the taxi, the Hotel called to say they were sending us to a different…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or720-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Filthy, smelly, noisy and cramped.","It takes about 5 seconds after entering Tophams before it hits you in the back of the throat - the stench of sewage that permeates through the lobby, lift, landing and bedrooms of this shabby hotel. But don't despair, there's plenty to take your mind off the stink - like tripping over the bed on the way into your pint-sized bedroom. You may even land face-down on one of the stained quilts or torn and scruffy carpets. If you'd like to take advantage of the free wifi or free cable internet connection, then help yourself - but it won't work as there's a ""fault"" and it ""might be fixed by tomorrow. No guarantees."" Fancy closing the curtains? Make sure you tug hard - and don't bother with the pull-cords, they've never worked. In the bathroom you'll find the last guest's body hair, as…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or720-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,I booked afternoon tea last week with my mother for her birthday before going to see Billy Elliot. I have to say I find the bad reviews quite surprising as we had a lovely afternoon. All the staff were very friendly and the sandwiches and pastries were delicious. It was very relaxed and we were very well looked after. I used my taste card as well which was great value for money. My mum and I  had a lovely time. Thank you.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or720-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel - Absolute Disgrace,"Simply the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room was damp, filthy, the carpet was sticky and smelt awful. The hotel was not secure. Fire doors where propped open with fire extinguishers. The TV and WiFi did not work. The bathroom was in a cupboard and a real struggle for me to fit in.    I was very badly miss sold by Expedia. It was apparently a ""deeply discounted branded quality  hotel"". Its not. Its a dump, and I was robbed. The ""special offer"" non refundable price was more than the standard Expedia price. I will never use Expedia Special Offers again.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or720-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absloutel terrible,"Oh my god,i left 7:00 am am next day,i could not stay any longer. the first room they give to me was in the basement,and it was dirty,And broken and cracked walls. First impression at the lobby was good. But the staff needs a real recycling training for costumer services. They change me to a room 210,it was bigger,but the heat was so hot,and the TV was not working,the bed  was so bouncing,and hard pillows,the shower was not working,and i could not stay there for another night,i left really bitter,no manager on duty,no apologizes,just can't get rid of you treatment style,or you are a pain.... Stayed there on Friday 19th of April,i oft next morning 20th April 7;00 AM,JUST COULD NOT WAIT TO LEAVE. A few weeks before i stayde in|SAN MARTIN LANE hotel in convent garden,it was just…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or725-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at top ham hotel,"Basically we booked up to have afternoon tea for a friends special birthday to arrive to no where to park&were sent on a wild goose chase to a car park that you couldn't get to due to a road being closed!!when we finally sat down we were asked by a young foreign girl if we had any special requirements(which they already had been told before the day)we got our tea then 5minutes later another girl came out to ask what the person wanted instead of butter in their sandwich,she suggested cream cheese which she had already been told she didn't eat,we just said we will have sandwich with filling & no butter!!20 mins later a small selection of sandwiches&cakes on the same cake stand come out WITH cream CHEESE in one&CHEESE&HAM in the other!!the cakes and so called pastries crumbled in…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or725-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Do Not Book This ""supposed to be a Hotel""","To make the story shorter. A colleague of mine were attending a business meeting in London and my colleague booked this Supposed to be a 4 stars hotel via laterooms.com. When we arrived the staff could not find our booking and we have to waste our time for trying to sort it out. Finally they suggested to charge us directly, so we accepted it. We were happy as we though everything was sorted. The big surprise was that they said we have your room and they took us to an other building far from the Supposed to be our hotel. The building was so smelly and dirty and this is not all, when we got to the room, it was not made and the floor was  so dirty , smelly  and it was smoking room even though we booked a non-smoking rooms.We then walked 4 min to get back to the reception in the…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or725-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK! You won't get what you pay for,"I booked a twin room at the Tophams hotel on laterooms.com for myself and a colleague.  On arrival the hotel seems to be very nice, the reception is well decorated, chic and first impressions are good.  However, this impression could not have been more wrong.  First off, the reception staff couldn't find our booking and we had to wait around for 15 minutes which was frustrating as we had a meeting to get to, however these things happen.  They couldn't find the booking (despite me having the confirmation), however they offered to take payment and take us to the room so that we could settle in.  We were then taken out of the front door, down the street to a completely different building, which was a far cry from the glitzy reception.  What hit me immediately was the smell of…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or725-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"I was in London on business and I was placed in this hotel. It was close by to where I was working and the location was nice and quiet but that's about all the good things I can say about it.   I arrived after my 14 hour flight into bitterly cold London and found a taxi who took me here. The hotel looked great from the outside but as I walked into the lovely reception, I could tell something was wrong. The staff were having an argument and did not bother to stop or greet me so I stood and watched for almost 10 minutes until I interrupted them and asked if I could check in. A very domineering man (who I suspect was the manager or the owner) kept interrupting us and shouting at the receptionist while another guest stood by looking miserable.  Despite having pre-booked for 5 nights…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or725-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Sewage smell :(,On arrival the hotel reception was very grand.  My college & I stayed at this hotel last month to attend a work meeting. Very disappointed my college was allocated a suite on the ground floor which stank of sewage and I was allocated a shoe box on the 4th floor. When we asked if any other rooms were available we told  we are full. The only good point was the polite young man who came to fix the TV .   Don't bother booking.,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or730-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful and Smelly!,"Well me and my friend arrived on 5th April to a lovely pleasant reception but not a very nice greeting the women (bobbed dark/red hair was not exactly welcoming) We went to our room and walked in (it was more or less in the basement) to the most disgusting smell, after investigating further my friend saw water underneath the bath it was DAMP ! it was soaking under there, we also had a fire exit door in our bathroom ? but the wallpaper was all peeling off disgusting ! After my friend complained and did an amazing job of it we had a delightful assistant NOT!! with blonde hair who really couldn't give two hoots about our moaning and disgrace ... so after this my friend went to reception again where she complained to a a gentleman who came down to check out the problem, he was great…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or730-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",TERRIBLE!!,"First impressions in the reception area seemed really good, it look presentable and the staff were friendly. However we then got taken down the street to our room which was in another one of their buildings. The smell was unpleasent when we first walked in, there was laundry all over the floor and cleaners equipment and the decor was nothing like the reception. We then got taken down into the basement, the stairs were steep and the door was very heavy and we got taken to our room. We went into our room and all of the walls and ceiling was dark chocolate brown so the room was near enough pitch black, we went to turn the light on by the switch, but there wasn't even a light on the ceiling in this dark room! There was 4 lamps in each corner of the room and my boyfriend went to turn…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or730-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Considerate Staff,"I stayed at Tophams recently with my 12 year old daughter and her friend.  When we checked in we were given a suite with an attic room with twin beds for the girls and a room down a small flight of stairs for me, which was great as we all had our own space and privacy, but I could still hear them. Everything was clean and the bed linen was lovely.  (On the down side: the carpets are old and need replacing and there was no blind in the girls' velux window and so they woke up early.) We weren't charged for the girls' breakfasts which was great as they hardly ate anything.  The front office and dining room staff were friendly and efficient especially San.   Location was brill as it is so peaceful even though you are just 2 minutes away from Victoria station, tube station and bus…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or730-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A lovely hotel in a brilliant location,"We stayed at Tophams last week and were highly impressed with the hotel and staff. The hotel is in a lovely location with excellent links to travel facilities hence wider London. The staff were very helpful throughout our stay with directions and they strived to ensure we enjoyed our stay.  I would definitely stay here again, we had a fantastic time.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or730-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not the best place for afternoon tea,"The afternoon tea service at the Topham hotel was very disappointing. Although the reception staff seemed at ease with the environment, the staff serving tea looked and sounded very ill at ease, with a robotic, stilted communication style. Some training is required to assist the staff to appear more natural.   When the afternoon tea tray arrived my fears were laid to rest; it looked the business. That was, until, I picked up a finger sandwich - It felt rather thin and the white bread tasted cheap.  Both my friend and I were rather hungry so we ate the offering. Every thing else was standard and tasted like a supermarket own brand range. Thereby, the cumulative effect on the tastebuds was more sustenance than luxury.  One would not expect an ""afternoon tea at the Ritz"" experience…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or735-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams not top notch ...,"My sister and I had afternoon tea with champagne at Tophams yesterday.  I'm afraid I was disappointed.  The hotel is 'boutique' apparently, but not sure what this means apart from everything being brown and chrome.  The champagne and tea were OK, but there was no ambience in the small room.  The tables were very cramped, no tablecloths on the brown formica tables.  Also there was a used napkin under the table which we had to retrieve ourselves.  The staff were young and inexperienced although pleasant.  The carpet in the ladies was filthy and needed a good hoover, as did the carpet at the entrance outside.  The paint on the entrance door was badly chipped and looked scruffy.  I mentioned all these things to the Duty Manager, and he was very pleasant.  I had a voucher from Amazon…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or735-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had a lovely experience of afternoon tea at this hotel yesterday afternoon. I was using my tastecard so we only paid £16 each. There were four of us ladies and i booked the 12-2pm slot. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. We felt the portion sizes were just right, service was prompt and when 2pm came, they were quite happy for us to sit chatting for another hour in their lounge. We thought it was cosy and comfortable. The central location was perfect for us, we all travelled up from different locations by train to Victoria. It was only a short walk from there to the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or735-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",There are better places in London for afternoon tea,"I visited Tophams for champagne afternoon tea having bought a voucher online. My first impressions of the hotel were mixed-the reception was small and tastefully decorated but three staff were crowded around the desk talking when we arrived which I found quite unprofessional.  The room where the tea takes place is fine-neutrally decorated and lots of natural light from the skylight but we had to vacate our first table as they'd crammed so many into the room we could barely get our chairs out,let alone sit down.  Staff were polite but inexperienced-I was surprised to be asked if I wanted my tea before my champagne-but the food itself was lovely,a mix of sandwiches and cakes catering to all tastes and scones served warm. The instant coffee (served from a teapot!?!) was rather a…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or735-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"First of all this review is for their afternoon tea only; I don't know what their rooms are like so (obviously) can't comment.  This slightly favourable review may be swayed by the fact that I had a voucher from Amazon Local Deals and thus I only had to pay £26 for my afternoon tea - with champagne I hasten to add.   For £26 it wasn't too bad. Plenty of the usual fayre - sandwiches, cakes et al - to get through, a good selection of teas and the champagne went down very well. However, if I had to pay the full whack for it, I may have ended up being that little bit disappointed.  Away from the generous serving of food, the fact that I had to book a time slot gave me the impression that the hotel restaurant would be packed to the rafters. It wasn't - I was the only one in there.…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or735-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely staffs at tophams hotel,"I think as a business  traveller I really enjoyed my stayed  at this hotel ,the staff especially the manager is so helpful when I told her I am vegan , she said she will ask the chefs to make a special meal for me , although the room are not too big it is cleaned and pleasant . The staffs are helpful when u need them . I have a wonderful  time and on my departure I left good bye card to hotel manager and staffs to say thank you. ",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or740-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised!,"I must admit, we were very worried about what we would find at this hotel, having read the reviews after we had booked.  However, I must say that we had a thoroughly pleasant stay at Tophams.  The staff were friendly, the room was lovely, had everything we wanted .... spacious bathroom, reasonably spacious (certainly not cramped as we had expected), good heating, tea making facitilies,excellent wi-fi connection.  Ok, no hairdryer but we didn't actually need it on this occasion.  Breakfast was fine, we didn't have to queue, plenty of food, replenished regularly. breakfast staff very helpful and friendly.  The location of the hotel is excellent, just around the corner from Victoria station. Very convenient for Victoria Street and Westminster Abbey.  We were catching a coach from…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or740-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing,"A really dissappointing hotel, misreable welcome from reception staff,room so tiny fell onto bed when opened door,damp in bedroom and bathroom.No hairdryer, no spoons on tea tray and a bed so soft and springy couldnt really call it a bed.Woken by the firealarm with no apology or explanation given.Breakfast a joke no juice glasses ,make your own toast which mainly resulted in people burning it constantly, tables so close together you cant move!Nothing positive apart from the hotels location. Having read a couple of good reviews there must be a couple of good rooms though.!!!!!",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or740-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Amazing location,"I have read reviews about Tophams and was pleasantly surprised that our experience was the opposite of what I read. The staff were amazingly friendly and helpful, especially as we arrived early and had a baby with the usual paraphanelia in tow. We had to wait for our room for ten minutes but were shown to a comfortable bar area where we relaxed with a drink. The room was very nice, comfortable and clean and plenty of room for travel cot etc. The location is amazing being very close to Victoria Station. We took a bus to Regents Street (easier with the pram) and were there in 10 minutes.  Breakfast was help yourself with plenty of options. We also had an amazing afternoon tea before we checked out. A great experience, thank you",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or740-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Leaking roof,"This was without doubt the worst 'hotel' I ever stayed in. There was a leak in our bedroom with dirty water dripping onto the bed. The response from the hotel was to provide us with towels to mop it up. No basis amenities such as clothes hangers, phone, guest information book, tea/coffee etc. Very rude staff. Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or740-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not waste your money on this hotel.,"Originally booked this hotel as it was close to Westminster but done so without looking at reviews first!! After arrival we were led out of the Tophams building and down the road to another building which stank of damp as soon as you walked in, was then led down steep steps behind a fire exit door and into the basement which smelt even worse. There were only 2 rooms in the basement, the hotel worker opened the door for us and then left straight away probably cause he knew about the state of the room. It was dark and tiny with no ceiling light just 3 lamps placed on the floor around the room.. One of which didn't have a working lightbulb in so had to leave the bathroom lights on at all times which were hanging from the toilet ceiling by wires. There was no where to hang anything…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or745-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",THE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED AT!!,"The hotel didn`t have our booking on arrival. Reception staff extremely rude. No apology despite having a copy of confirmation through travel agent and also emails direct with the ""Reservations Manager"" of the hotel itself. We were informed that they would have to take pre-authorisation on a credit card as because, as it was the weekend, they would probably not be able to contact the travel agent to confirm our booking until Monday.We were given the most disgusting room in the basement. Smelt like white spirits. Was cramped. Stains on the carpet and ceiling. No kettle, hairdryer, hangers, cups. Not enough toiletries or towels in bathroom for our party. Lamp not working. Went to ring reception...Oh look no phone either! Went to reception and requested all of the above. The…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or745-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"I visited the Topham Hotel on 23/3/2012 for the 2pm tea sitting with a discount voucher for 2. I called on the day to ask we could have a table for an extra 4 people and despite being very busy the hotel could not have been more accommodating.  Our waitress was lovely and kept us well supplied with plenty of tea, we had to ask for extra tea bags as we all like it strong, but again this was no bother at all. The sandwiches were freshly made and the selection of cakes was delicious and we were stuffed by the end. The atmosphere was relaxed and cosy. I think the price of £26 for 2 without the voucher was very reasonable. I checked out the comments on here before I visited so wasn't expecting a good experience, but I was more than pleasantly surprised by how good it all was. Would…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or745-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a good deal at all,"Got coupons for afternoon tea and invited friends who just got engaged. The decor and its location was very nice.  We were given our table straight away so we thought this could be good to start with. Soon after a waitress came and took order. The deal was with champagne and we had a reason to start with, thus we asked champaign for toast.  Our ladies were vegetarians so we asked not to put any meat. 10 minutes and 20 minutes passed but there was no sign of anything coming. I explained to another waitress about the situation. She apologised and told us that we should be served soon. Nothing happened another 5 minutes. Finally we got our waitress's attention and showed that we were not served at all. She showed she would be coming but nothing. After 30 minutes, still nothing.…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or745-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Do you feel lucky, punk?","Arriving early, I whiled away a couple of hours working on the couch in the reception before my room was ready. It was not an encouraging experience; several guests came in to complain, and the staff were polite but clearly overworked and harried. I feared the worst! One must call it as one sees it however, and my room, on the first floor of the main building, was very pleasant - of reasonable size, well appointed, and certainly clean. A little bit of noise from the street, but nothing to bother me. The internet was free and fast and the breakfast was usual hotel fare. From listening to the complainants, I gather the hotel has an annex in a separate location along the street, so I suspect the divergent reviews reflect whether you get a room in the main building or the annex.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or745-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",An opposing view,"I am truly shocked to read so many negative reviews of Tophams Hotel Belgravia. We stayed here a few years ago, and it was absolutely delightful. We had a 2-story room--bedroom at entry level and bathroom/closet below. It was wonderful. To our delight, we had a straight-on view of Margaret Thatcher's house back then...Loved the location because it was so near Victoria Station, walkable to historic areas we wanted to see, and absolutely quiet once we turned off the main streets. I would book this hotel again without a moment's hesitation and recently recommended it to friends. I hope they can get their act together to get back to the fine hotel it was a few years ago. (Didn't really stay in 2012, but the menu didn't go back far enough)",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or750-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel - Raw Sewerage Smell,"This is the most disgusting hotel I have ever in my life stayed at. It is worse than a backpackers hotel.  Upon checking in at reception you get the impression it will be a nice hotel, but then when they get you to exit the building and walk you down the street to another place for your room you start to get a little worried. Upon entering another building, no. 50, you are assaulted by a disgusting smell of mould and damp. The first room we were given was up the very top of the building. The shower didn't work, the carpet was dirty, a large hole in the carpet, the smell of mould was overpowering.  We were finally moved rooms as the shower was broken, and we ended up in the dungeons of the building, or the ""mews"".  The smell of raw sewerage made you want to vomit, the staircase…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or750-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Review AK,"Unfortunately, the quality of the room was disappointing. The toilet seat was broken, the door of the shower was broken as well and didn't close, the bathroom floor was lose and the TV stopped working occasionally...",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or750-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dreadful experience. Would never return or reccommend.,"Booked online (as I often do for last minute hotels) and had the WORST hotel experience of my life.  My friend and I booked a twin room and upon arrival we were given a very small double room. When I asked if there was a twin room available I was told there wasn't and that there was nothing that could be done. However, with the threat of a complaint, suddenly another room became available! We were then shown to another room which appeared satisfactory. However, a few minutes after arrival in the room, water (hopefully tap, not toilet!) starting dripping from the ceiling onto my bed. When I complained about this the towels from the bathroom were placed on my bed and we were told that the tap causing the leak would be turned off. We were told that no other rooms were available and…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or750-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never ever again,"My experience here was not good. I arrived in the evening only to be taken about 100m up the street to another 'hotel' which literally stank (body odours especially) and had all the hall marks of a flea pit. I complained bitterly and a room miraculously appeared in Tophams hotel itself. Surely this is a dishonest business practice? We are supposed to get what we pay for right? Not some decrepit alternative. That room was just OK. Bed was not comfortable, safe did not work, bathroom was dirty, TV remote did not work etc. etc. etc. Breakfast was equally disappointing. Looked OK but tasted disgusting and everything was freezing cold despite the fact that it was only 7am in the morning. I pitied the poor folks who were having breakfast at 9am. Never again.",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or750-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","I should haw stayed here, but glad I didn't!","I was booked into this hotel but upon arrival was told they were overbooked. After making it clear I had specifically booked this hotel due to being close to Victoria station they offered me their only free room. This room was in a completely different building and it was obvious that I was not going to like it when they said ""if you are not happy with the room we will have to move you to another hotel"". They were right, the room was hideous, it was in the basement with a view of rubbish bins; the water stains on the curtains suggested there had been waterfall in the room recently; and the dark decor an poor lighting just covered up how shabby the whole room was. I went back to reception and I suspect I was expected as as soon as I walked through the door they told me that a…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or755-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, tired small rooms","Booked 2 rooms here. One room was miniature and thought they had given us a single by mistake, but moody receptionist confirmed it was a double! Had to walk sideways round bed to get round it was so small. However, it was clean and VERY warm. Shower doors in both rooms did not shut so water went over floor. Lift did not work when we arrived and we had to carry suitcases up very steep stairs to what must have been the old attic rooms. Great location as very near Victoria station in leafy side roads. Next day was better as change of staff on reception.Not a cheap hotel and breakfast very busy at weekends and left a lot to be desired. Needless to say would not stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or755-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not what you should expect for a nice hotel.,"My girlfriend and I booked with a voucher from a discount website. We were looking forward to it as we bought it a while ago and hadn't had the chance to use it yet. The hotel is lovely, nice and clean, nice decor, and the staff are pleasant and accomodating. I'm very easy going and not one to complain, but I felt I really wanted to say something at the end of the meal, but being British, of course I didn't!..... We started with a glass of champagne each, which was nice. The waitress then brought the platter of sandwiches and cakes to our table. There were about ten finger sandwiches - wafer thin ham with cheddar cheese, cucumber with cream cheese and egg mayonnaise. The bread was hard in places, so not freshly made. There was a scone each, a chocolate finger thingy, and another…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or755-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A brilliant place to stay on business,"This hotel was a real find for me. Close to Victoria and Mayfair. It was a late booking for a business function intown. Very well appointed and personal feel to the hotel.   The staff were very attentive and the room I was allocated was excellent for my needs. Cleanliness was of the highest order.  I also met a contact fro coffee during the afternoon - the service was good, the environment pwas private and discrete and the location was excellent.  Would recommend highly.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or755-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Chaotic,"Have just stayed here for one night. room small, bathroom cold, extractor fan not working, shower good though. lift not working when we arrived and still out of action when we left. Breakfast was a fiasco, had to wait at least ten minutes for table along with several others, coffee served in a teapot, no space to walk to get buffet breakfast kept bumping into staff and other guests. We had to ask for spoons, fruit juice, eggs as all ran out. Food ok. Toaster took forever to toast bread. Basically they were trying to cram too many people in. I felt sorry for staff having to try and cope.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or755-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Excellent location, stylish reception but small poorly maintained rooms & breakfast left a lot to be desired.","We stayed at the hotel on Thursday 21st February 2013 after booking it as part of a theatre break through Thomas Cook. The day after we booked we read the reviews on this site & then tried to change hotels but were told we couldn't. As a result we were very apprehensive. Upon arrival we were impressed by the stylish reception area but the service was very disappointing. Our room key card was given to us loose without any room number on it or numbered card  sleeve with it. We were told the lift was out of order so we had to carry our bags up 4 flights of stairs to the 2nd floor. We were not offered any assistance with our bags at all. When we got to our room (211), we were disappointed with how small it was. The extractor fan in the shower room didn't work, the towel rail also…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or760-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea? YES. Freshly Made? NOPE!,"We are greeted well, service was prompt polite and friendly. Tea Room was clean and fresh though we did feel we were also in their breakfast room and could see where they were making the tea and coffee.  Champagne was nice, the tea arrived promptly. The sandwiches freshly made. The scones were warm. Limited jam and cream but quite tasty. The cakes were certainly not freshly made. This was obvious as my cheesecake was still almost frozen and as i am on a gluten free diet, recognised the bake well tarts from the supermarket. The scones were not gluten free, lucky we asked! When we mentioned this we were advised they couldn't find any in Sainsbury's! There was a beautiful display of desserts in a revolving cabinet and when we asked about them were advised they were not for sale…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or760-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea was bad value,"The sandwiches had too much butter although the bread was fresh , the cakes were very poor and had been bought in probably from a local supermarket . A member of staff walked into the small kitchen next to our table with Sainsbury carrier bags  The scones also didn't taste homemade and there was a shot glass with the jam in it and a tiny blob of cream on the top, not even enough for one half . When we were ready for the Champagne we asked if it was actually Champagne or Prosecco and were told it was Prosecco . Bearing in mind we paid for a Champagne tea that is just not good enough . Overall it was probably the worst afternoon tea we have had and certainly not value for money",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or760-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Just had Afternoon Tea with Champagne,The staff was friendly. Even offer to move us into the lounge area as I'm on crutches. Also offer to open bedroom to use for toilet. It was busy so they didn't offer extra coffee till we finish our food. Coffee was serve in teapot made us laugh. Food was nice. They swap our salmon for something else. Very well presented. We used amazon local voucher. If wasn't for that I wouldn't pay the going rate of £32 per person. I could see the kitchen pretty sure the coffee was sainsbury coffee granules. It was a nice experience. ,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or760-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","A bewildering, bizarre and unfathomable experience!","My husband and I stayed at this hotel just recently for 2 nights. On arrival at the reception, apart from an over-bearing smell of room freshener too liberally sparyed around, I thought it all looked very stylish and appealing. The colour schemes are tasteful and the communal areas are well presented. The staff were obliging and helpful. However, when we got to our bedroom, things went from bad to worse. The room was quite large and in principal very nice, but hereafter followed a long litany of things that didn't work, were broken or were just very shoddy. I am a poor sleeper and can't bear very hard beds, but even by my standards the beds were so soft, you just can't sleep in them or even really sit on them.They are poor quality and you can feel the springs, as well as…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or760-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Could be excellent - too many faults though,"There's a lot to commend this hotel, the rooms are nicely decorated, well furnished, my en suite was large, decent shower... so why the 3 stars. TV didn't work properly, front desk staff surly at best, no glasses in the room, no hangers in the wardrobe and the lift was broken... Sort of doesn't ruin a stay but a pain in the backside when you are travelling for business.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or765-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel at all costs,"Booked this hotel for a night in January as it was close to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express, what a mistake. On arrival it looked very nice, but after checking in we were shown to another building 100 metres along the road called Belgaravie Mews. Our concerns began as we went up the steep narrow staircase, struggling with our cases. The room we were shown was appalling, the only clean thing in the room appeared to be the sheets. The carpet was so dirty our feet stuck to it and the shower room was really disgusting. Back to reception where we were told it had been a mistake, he thought we had booked Belgravia Mews even though it said Tophams on our voucher,  and given a basement room in Tophams itself. This was a small room but clean with a nice bathroom. We did not get…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or765-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It was much better than I expected...,"Wow, if you read the reviews about this hotel you do get the feeling it's suffers from Bi-polar disorder.How can it have so many poor and excellent reviews? Anyway,I booked the hotel before I read the reviews so I was very apprehensive when I arrived with my wife for an overnight stay. We stayed for one night at the start of January and had booked a twin room (all that was available) through Trivago at a cost of £92 including breakfast. Excellent value for London if it turns out okay. On arrival our room was available and we were given a twin room. I did say to the receptionist, a nice American lady we would have preferred a double and she immediately checked and moved us to a double. So far so good. We were told the room was on the second floor (203) but the lift was out of…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or765-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",'Computer says no' style rip off!,"I had a computer malfunction which booked 5 rooms for 1 night. Spoke with Tophams who were unsympathetic and charged me a full night cancellation charge for every single extra room......  I had to stay against my better judgement after the cancellation incident and found the room dated, tv temperamental and walls thin!! To top it off on my second day the cleaner arrived at 5.30pm just as I got back to unwind from the day.  Terrible and distressing experience from start to finish which cost over £1,000 for 2 nights. If you want a warm and welcoming hotel this is not it.",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or765-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",First class afternoon champagne tea,"On Wednesday 23rd jan I travelled to belgravia for a champagne tea at tophams hotel with my wife . We booked a table for midday ,and when we arrived there was no wait we were led straight to the dining room and seated at a table with a view of the fire,the atmosphere was wonderful and the staff made us feel very welcome. We were asked if we would like to start with the champagne which was chilled,we then had a choice of tea or coffee. There was a sumptuous selection of fresh cut sandwiches cakes and scones with strawberry jam and cream more than we could finish,our server asked us if we needed more coffee and brought us another pot with hot milk. We were not rushed and the service was first class,we are looking forward to returning in the future.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or765-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else!,"This is the worst hotel I've stayed in. We waited 1 hour to be given a room key, they forgot to put our wedding anniversary and birthday cards in our room (from our daughter), they tried to give me an unused fork, from the dirty table opposite us, they took my tea pot when I asked for more tea, filled it up, give it to another table and when I asked for a pot again they said ""but you have just been given one"", the room had a leak in the ceiling and the interior looks like a brothal. I really wish I had read these reviews before I booked.",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or770-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else!,"When we walked in to reception we thought we had found a real gem of a hotel, swanky fixtures, great decor, however once we had checked in a young girl took us out of the hotel and proceeded to march us approximately 10-doors down the street. We then entered what looked like a half way house. Our room (number 10) was in the attic on the 4th floor, that to reach it needed oxygen masks and crampons the stairs where that steep. Upon arrival in the room the room seemed to be quite basic but would fit our needs, that was until we started to look around... The loo has toilet paper in the bowl, the TV didn't work and could not tune to any channel, both of these are small, however when we sat on the bed it folded right beneath us. Upon investigation the bed slats had previously been…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or770-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Amazing interior designer,"As you enter this hotel you are truly amazed by the style and beauty of this place. Unfortunately it is as you continue into the hotel it begins to let you down. We booked a twin room and were then given a ""put you up"" bed in an already tiny room. The bathroom obviously had a flood over head and looked disgusting. No lift working and fire doors to contend with on narrow tiny stair cases which nearly sent you flying backwards on the way up. Rooms not sound proof at all, can clearly hear your neighbours above and below. Location is excellent (2mins from Victoria) and staff were lovely.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or770-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Splendid weekend at The Tophams,"We arrived on a cold winters day to be greeted by warm and friendly faces. This felt like a real home from home, they even had our lounge decor on the bedroom.  The room was spacious which was unexpected as this was no means expensive. Very clean and well appointed. We were ale to relax in comfort before hitting the West End.  The team at the hotel helped us with advice, directions etc. Breakfast was great - cooked us poached eggs which were spot on. Coffee was endless and of good quality and again the waiting staff were more than helpful.  Overall I would rate this as one of the best stays in London We've had.   Loved it! Thanks so much for being part of our fab weekend.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or770-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Don't waste your money! This place is a disgrace to the ""Hotel"" trade!","We booked and stayed at this hotel overnight, after checking in to what seemed like quite a nice hotel we had a drink at the bar before going to our room, bar prices are extortionate, so beware!  When we wanted to go to our room we were escorted out of the hotel and taken along the road to what must be a sister hotel, if that's what you can call it! We booked a double room and were given a twin, on complaining we were told no other rooms were available. The hotel was more like a student house, shabby and nothing like it was advertised. Both beds in the room were broken, the slats of the bed not being secured to the base, so the matress fell through on to the floor, both beds were the same, and I think we would have been more comfortable on a park bench! We complained, and to do…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or770-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",APPALLING,"I booked a single room for one night at Tophams, 24-32 Ebury Street but on arrival was shown to a room in the Ebury Mews Hotel (or so the Brass plaque on the wall outside said) at no.50 Ebury street.  ????  There was no reception or concierge, the room was on the ground floor right next to the front door.  It was shabby and had no wardrobe and the bathroom was actually a tiny, plastic shower / toilet cubicle just like those on old caravans, with tiles missing or loose on the floor and the strip-light hanging off one hinge.  I returned to reception (where they had cynically presented this option as an ""upgrade at no extra cost"") and asked them to put me into a proper room.  I was accompanied back to no.50 and taken up the kind of staircase you find in cheap student flats (scraped…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or775-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",An initial bumpy start but an overall OK stay,"After reading these reviews I must admit we were nervous as to what to expect at Tophams, particularly given the surprising room prices and discounted rates! but overall the stay wasn't too bad. I can however confirm some aspects of those reviews as being correct.  We were greeted by a  friendly gentlemen (the only one!) on arrival, but then soon discovered - at no surprise - that the lifts weren't working. Still in a positive mood we lugged our bags up 4 flights of stairs and down thin winding corridors to our room. Opening the door, and within one step, we walked straight into our bed with inches of space around it to move. We too smelt (and saw) damp in the room and were shocked to find cigarette buts in the draws and questionable hygiene standards. However, after complaining…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or775-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Did not reach our expectations,"We are a family with three children who booked and paid two rooms in advance. When we arrived we were told that -due to bla,bla,bla (several non solid explanations)- we were going to be assigned two rooms in different floors, and one of it was going to be with a shared bathroom! (and we paid in advance for two private bathroom suites!!!). This situation, plus the very small and uncomfortable breakfast room, and the fact that during our 3 nights stay the fire alarm sounded 3 times!!, is definetily putting this hotel in our black list.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or775-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A terrible shame for the staff who have to work there.,"Firstly, I have to say that the staff at this Belgravia Hotel were first class. From check in, to room change (later) and finally breakfast, they couldn't do enough and for that reason they have my huge sympathy. I say sympathy because I cannot imagine what it must be like to have to turn up each day knowing that you will have to deflect many complaints. The location is excellent and the common parts are very welcoming and stylishly decorated but then you get to the room (or in our case rooms) and that is where it all goes wrong. Shabby decoration, damp smells, mouldy showers with missing grouting and worst of all the cheapest mattresses with pinging springs that go off alarmingly each time you move. The duvet was a inch thick piece of matted nylon and the pillow like a cloud…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or775-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams hotel stay and afternoon tea,"staff were lovely, really friendly. i had to ask for amenities in the room, soap, shampoo, hairdryer etc, which came immediately but it should have been in the room already. Our ceiling flooded during the night from the room above having a bath! this was attended to immediately but no compensation offere. nice room,  afternoon is a total rip off, total waste of money, too expensive and tasteless...dont waste your money",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or775-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",My London hotel of choice,"This was our first visit to Tophams but I would now not choose anywhere else in London. It is only a few minutes walk from Victoria mainline or coach station and is central for Westminster and other parts of London. Tophams is like a mini-country house hotel in the centre of London. There is no formal reception desk but, rather, an antique table with free apples and danish pastries! You are made to feel a welcome guest on arrival and this total quality of services extends right through your stay. We shall be back. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or780-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",visited Tophams Hotel for the third time.,"Me my husband and our children visited Tophams Hotel for the third time. This year we decided to prolong our trip and stay for 7 nights as our experience last time was magnificent.  Once again everything was great: room was spacious clean, and comfortable and we also had a balcony. Breakfast was excellent and we couldn't get enough of the chocolate muffins.   Following our usual tradition we had  Afternoon Tea twice. We just love it! Great to catch a breath and reflect on the day!    The location is extremely important for us as we like to spend most of the day out and about ; also as we have two little children so it is great that Victoria Station is just 2 min away, as all of the shopping, Harrods as well as the museums are just walking distance.    I am shocked reading some…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or780-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",waste of money,"Me and my partner booked to stay in the hotel for new years eve, the location was brilliant, however the staff were unwelcoming and not very helpfull, as we arrived in London before check-in we asked if we could leave our bags, which they agreed and told us they would be taken to our room asap however when we returned hours later they were still laying around in reception, they did not tell us when breakfast was or check out the next day . The room was awfull the blind was mouldy, the air con vent was missing so there was just a hole, the walls were damp, the door handle on the bathroom door was hanging off and the shower leaked all over the floor. for a 4* hotel this was poor and lookely we didnt have to spend long in the room. would not recomend this hotel",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or780-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disorganised and uninterested,"Popped along for a Champagne Christmas Afternoon Tea. It was booked well in advance for 2pm but upon arrival, there were no tables for 'another hour or so'. So instead of the cramped dining room they offered us the lounge.  I accepted and went through to the lounge, which turned out to be a small, deathly-silent, badly-lit room, not out of place in a Funeral Home. They offered me a single chair on a small side-table with a large brass lamp in the middle. I explained there were two of us, and this wasn't a suitable table as their was no room due to the lamp, the waitress shrugged and said we could just pull another chair over later. Weird.  I sat for a while waiting for my girlfriend. and looked around at the other guests who had also been shunted into this room, no-one seemed to…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or780-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than I'd feared,"I went to tea at Tophams, full of dread having read some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, but it wasn't so bad! Location is excellent; decor tries very hard to be cool, but will feel pretty dated soon. Staff were friendly, and the service relaxed - but I'd allocated 2 hours for tea and long chat - so speed wasn't an issue.. Tea was okay: I'd be surprised if any of the cakes were home made, but they were good (rather sweet). 3 types of sandwiches were freshly made, with crusts cut off. Champagne was limited to 1 glass, but my tea pot was 'endless'. It had been 'deal' and cost £26 for two. So - for 2 hours of peaceful chat in the warm, I can't complain, but I'll probably not go again.  Hope that helps.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or780-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I only went for the afternoon tea. Which was average, normal sandwiches nothing exciting, some ok little cakes but we were given little mousses as well in shot glasses with no spoons, I asked for spoons and they didn't fit in the glasses, I had to ask for cream to go with my scones and was given no jam. I had booked my afternoon tea through a TimeOut offer but so had everybody else in the room which they over packed, hence when it came to spending a penny there was a massive queue, not somewhere I'd go again ",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or785-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good Location but VERY VERY Disappointing,"I needed a place to stay in London for a weekend of sightseeing with my friend from Jersey Island. He stayed in another hotel and i stayed right around the corner in this one. Originally I chose the hotel because I needed a bar fridge for my diabetic medication. When I got there, the lady was quite confused as to what to do with the room. Eventually she put me in a room on the 4th floor then failed to tell me that the lift wasn't working. So I had to walk through a maze of stairs with my bags. Nothing was said about how breakfast worked since I got free breakfast included in the room rate.  The hotel has a bar fridge in the cupboard, the safe didn't work, there were no blinds, the TV cut in and out of service, You could hear constant door slamming all night. I stayed two nights…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or785-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise!,"Located in the heart of London, minutes away from Victoria station, Topham's hotel provided a pleasant stay and somewhere I would defiantly consider booking again. The value for money is excellent. We booked this hotel very short notice and to be honest I wasn't sure what I would get, especially after reading the reviews!  The hotel interior is tasteful, the reception area and dining area are very nice. The room was ok, i was a little disappointed it didn't look like the one in the picture. We stayed in the Mews 2 which is downstairs. I didn't like the idea of going down stairs, however the heating worked fine and we heard no noise from outside. The bathroom was very big, with a lovely big bath. This was the highlight for me. The shower was small but worked fine but the door…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or785-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Quiet and stylish,"We picked the hotel because of its location close to Victoria train station and it has the benefit of being on a quiet street, but still close to many restaurants and shops.  Rooms were all very clean, stylishly furnished, staff friendly and breakfast in a pleasant, light room.  The manager was especially considerate and moved us to a bedroom which was more easily accessible than the one we were initially offered when he noticed my husband was struggling.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or785-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid this Hotel at all costs,"I booked to take my wife here for her Boxing day birthday via laterooms.com Our room (standard Double) was advertised as being £800 per night and i could get it for £62.....Alarm bells should have started ringing.Upon arrival around midday we were ""greeted"" by one of the least hospitable members of hotel staff i have ever met,who when opening the front door to the hotel to us looked me up and down as if id come off of the street asking for spare change!! when checking in no information was given to us regarding breakfast timings,wake up calls,newspapers etc: We were then directed to our room which was on the second floor without being offered any help with our luggage. On getting to our room we were welcomed into the smallest hotel room weve ever stayed in by a very strange damp…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or785-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great Experience, would stay again!","The location of this hotel is excellent as it is a 3 minute walk to Victoria Station. The staff are friendly and attentive and the check in process took less than 5 minutes.  We stayed for 2 nights and the room was clean, featuring a TV/DVD player and the bathroom had amazing Elemis toiletries. There is a mini bar in the room, a safe, hair dryer, and iron/iron board.  The decorations are tasteful and modern.  The room had its own heating control.  I have stayed at this hotel on 2 occassions, the first in a regular double, which was cozy and slightly small, and this time I was in the deluxe double which was very spacious with a balcony.  The breakfast was a buffet of hot english breakfast items as well as cereals and cute little pastries.  We went down around 9:40am for breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or790-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Some good and some bad,"I was very nervous about staying at Tophams after reading the reviews on here. After having stayed for one night my conclusion was that it was a real mixed bag of a stay and certainly not a 4 star one. I wanted to comment here on some of the issues people have raised in previous reviews.  Room: 302 Price: £91  Description: double room with breakfast booked through Late rooms.  Checking in We had no issues checking in, the foyer was cosy and the room was ready when we arrived. The whole process took 5 mins. This could be down to the bad reviews in the past or the fact that we checked in at 3pm on a week day.  Our room The positives: the room was very tidy and clean perfect for a one night stay. The furniture was a little rough around the edges but no damage.  Negatives: The room…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or790-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Room was nice, service and breakfast were terrible.","From reading some of the other reviews I think we were quite lucky with the room, we got an excellent deal for a nights stay through Trivago. On arrival they couldn't find our booking and fortunately we had the paperwork to hand to prove payment and reservation. At no point did the guy on the desk apologise for the mix-up.  Our room was in the the main building on the first floor and was well decorated with an en-suite. The bed itself however was not particularly comfortable. One window had a set of heavy velvet curtains, however the other only had voiles which meant the street lights gave a lovely orange hew  all night! Windows were secondarily glazed so the room was very quiet. Be sure to put the airconditioning on however as the heating was cranked up so high that getting…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or790-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic Afternoon Tea,"Read the reviews before going (not always a good idea), but the afternoon tea was lovely.  The sandwiches were plentiful and the cakes and scones were all delicious and well presented.  The only downside was the room it's held in - it's far too small and they've tried to cram far too many tables in there.  It was packed solid and soooooo hot we couldn't wait to leave and get some fresh air.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or790-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Awful, nasty, filthy and cheated","I booked a trip to stay at this hotel for 8 nights online -- on the Topham's website.  I emailed a confirmation of my arrival a week prior (confirming my room grade and all details) and also called 3 days in advance to do the same.  I was assured by both phone and email that the room I had booked was reserved for me.  The reason I called to confirm was because of the bad reviews on this site -- they made me nervous so I was proactive.  I arrived and was told unfortunately the hotel was overbooked and I was shown the room they had available -- it was tiny and had no bathroom.  The room was filthy, old and the bed a mess.  It was so small that there was no room to put my suitcase on the floor to open it, literally.  The linens were old, there was no furniture other than the bed…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or790-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Truley Awful,I booked to stay at Tophams hotel through Lastminute.com  On arrival in the late afternoon I was put in room 401 which is at the top of the building. The small lift was being used  by the cleaners so I had to lug my bags up the stairs and negotiate piles of dirty bed linen and trays with soiled crockery and remnants of food on them.  Room 401 was so small that I had to turn side ways to pass between the bed and small piece of furniture.  It was dirty and there were no curtains or blinds at the window. The mattress on the bed was a very soft foam. It did not justify a price tag of £149 per night it was appalling.  I complained and was eventually moved to another room but had to pay an additional £50 for the first night.  This room was better but not great and there is clearly an…,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or795-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",great location,"We were a little unsure about staying here - it was a laterooms booking, and I only saw the reviews after booking, some of which were very negative. Our room was fine - lacking attention to detail (broken light bulb on the bedside lamp slightly tatty carpet and fittings), but the bed was comfortable, the bathroom clean, and the staff very pleasant and helpful. breakfast was also reasonable with plenty of choice. The really good thing about this hotel is the location - a quiet street behind Victoria, walking distance to major attractions and great access to public transport. Overall, it was a little pricey for the general standard of decor, but it has character and was far better than a soulless box in a huge building! One word of warning - don't order anything from the bar. Very…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or795-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Truly AWFUL! Stay somewhere else!,"Where do I start? Well, if you have ever stayed in a B&B in Bournemouth in the 19070's, this will be a similar experience - it certainly is NOT 4 star, nor 3. We booked directly with hotel as the website made it look wonderful - top award to the website designer and photographer for creating a misleading impression. On arrival, we were told they didnt have a room then they should me a box room with nothing more than a camp bed on the floor! On complaining they eventually ""had a cancellation"" and gave me a family room of a terrible standard. Beds and facilities are totally unacceptable.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or795-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It's a hidden gem!,"Perhaps I've just been lucky, but having stayed at Tophams on numerous occasions I can only say that I think it's a real gem tucked away there on Ebury Street; I cannot fault the hotel or the staff. I turned up very early this morning, hoping to leave my luggage prior to check-in this afternoon, and was greeted by San, charming and helpful as ever in reception. I was told I could check into my quiet and clean single room straight away. Tophams is a 3-minute walk from Victoria station, close to shops, bars and restaurants and all that SW1 has to offer.  It's a much under-rated, stylish boutique hotel  and great value for money.  I've stayed at many hotels in the vicinity over the years which is often a very ""hit and miss"" affair, but Tophams ranks right up there, and I really…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or795-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",BRILLIANT!!!,"This hotel was great, we arrived at a beautifully decorated reception area to find that we had been upgraded!! The room was lovely and the decor very nice! Luxurious and Great for the money!! Thankyou :)",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or795-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very bad service with dirty sheets and a leaking ceiling,"We arrived at CrapHams hotel at 12:30 and had to wait 2 hours before our room was ready. When we finally entered it was very small and looked miserable,with dirty sheets. At night the room was cold and damp and smell strangely bad. We asked to be moved to another one but the they refused and when we asked for a refund they said this would not be possible due to a credit card issue.  I would never ever go to this place even if they paid me for the privilege.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or800-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I took a drer friend for afternoon tea in this small charming victorian hotel in Ebury Street close to Victoria..We took there full afternoon tea with champagne the champagne was loverly and cold just how it should be the sandwiches were really fresh and nice and great scones with clotted cream plus very nice fresh cream cakes. The staff were so cheerful and nice, a great place to visit if one is in the Victoria - Slone Square area.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or800-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful place!,"I booked this hotel through lastminute.com 'top secret hotels' so I didn't know its name until I had paid. Having stayed there, I can see why it is kept a secret, it's a dump!  The first room I was given (Room M4) smelled terrible, bad drains and damp spring to mind. The second room (Room 6) was freezing cold, it has an external door which is very draughty, and there were large water stain marks on the ceiling. The third room I was offered (Room 5) I accepted, it still had a bad smell but not as overpowering as the first room. There are loose tiles in the bathroom and the general finish in the bathroom is poor. By this time I had no choice but to stay as my last train home had long gone.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or800-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good and Bad.........,"I invited two friends to a Champagne Afternoon Tea to celebrate a birthday.  We were greeted by a lovely lady at reception and were shown to our table.  Our waitress was a delightful young lady who served us our champagne and then our tea which consisted of a layer of two finger sliced white sandwiches of cucumber, salmon and ham/cheese, a second layer of two mini macaroons and a mini slice of black forest gateau, and a top layer of one scone with clotted cream and a small jar of strawberry jam.  Food seemed fresh but the scones felt re-heated - nothing wrong with re-heat from freshly baked, but the scones were not from freshly baked!! The tea crockery were a little dated and really showed wear and tear, especially the tea pots had chipped spouts and brown staines around the…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or800-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A grim experience,"I stayed here on business. My client booked it as it was very close to their office. I arrived with 3 people who were attending a course I was facilitating the next day to be told that they had given our rooms away (due to a problem with a credit card confirmation) and would we all like to share a suite! They then offered us rooms that were not en-suite! Eventually they found us 4 rooms and my first allocation (Mews 4) stank so badly I thought I was about to find a composing body. The room I was then given was OK if a little tired but was woken by noise 5 or 6 times and eventually by a fire alarm. The breakfast was very under whelming and I couldn't wait to leave. Some staff tried but were clearly overworked, demotivated and had not had much training or guidance from anyone.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or800-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Surprisingly nice!,"After reading some of the other reviews of this hotel (and having already prepaid for my stay), I must say that I arrived here with some trepidation.  However, I found nothing to complain about.  The reception was friendly, efficient, and prompt.  Our room, though certainly not massive, was quite acceptable in size by London standards.  Everything was functional and clean, and the location close to Victoria station is quite convenient.  Overall, it was a pleasant stay and I'd have no problem staying here again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or805-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Misleading, disgusting and £36 for two poached eggs","I checked into this hotel as a last minute deal last week. I found the hotel at a reasonable price through lastminute.com but my computer kept freezing at the booking stage so I decided to just turn up instead. On arrival the receptionist quoted an ""absolute cheapest"" rate that they do (even through lm.com) which was double the price I'd just been quoted online. It took for me to log in in front of him to prove the price I'd been quoted. He then agreed to this an somebody showed me to my cell.   On showing me to my cell I was surprised to find them taking me out of the hotel down the road, past about ten buildings and into another building with a totally different name which was dark, damp and had no communal areas. My room was disgusting, and was like a prison cell or at best,…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or805-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst we've come across!!!,"This was to be a great end to our 6 week sojourn in Europe. Traveling as a 3, we had booked & prepaid 5 months earlier. We arrived to be greeted by 2 reception staff who could barely speak English. And instantly demanded a Credit Card payment for 100pound. ( as stated the room pre-paid), We return the unused portion when you check out!!! was the next statement. I have never had a deduction before staying in any hotel, from a Credit Card.  As a triple room we were sent to the basement Mews1, it had a double & single bed, however there was not enough room to open cases unless you put them on the bed & less than a foot between beds and less than a foot between bed & wall. Shower dangerously slipery and this was reported to reception with a shrug of the shoulder reply. Windows would…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or805-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A treat,"After a special day out with my Mum, we decided to finish the day with an afternoon tea. We received a friendly warm welcome from the staff at Tophams. We were guided to a elegant, busy tea room having a relaxed atmosphere. Our treat started with an excellent glass of champagne followed by a selection of fresh sandwiches and selection of small delicious pastries, macaroons and scones. A plentiful supply of tea was offered. The staff were helpful and attentive without being intrusive. A lovely end to our trip.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or805-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","No ensuite in a ""4 star""","Booked this place via Lastminute.com's Top Secret Hotel. It was described as a 4 star, recently renovated boutique hotel. I wouldn't know if this description is accurate as didnt make it past reception. I was informed my £180 a night, single room didnt have an ensuite so I refused to stay. It was late on and they offered an 'upgrade' to a double in Knightsbridge Green hotel. I had a bathroom here, but it was still pretty manky - not a pleasant stay at all, even if the location is great.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or805-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Hotel- London,"Stayed at Tophams Hotel 14-19 Oct 2012.  Pros:  1. My business partner picked this hotel because Victoria/ Belgravia is central to Maidenhead and Crawley, where we will be working, while in London. This hotel is 5 minutes, walking distance to the train station. 2. Cute neighborhood, with many shops and restaurants. The neighborhood provides a real sense of how it may be, to live in London 3. There is a small fridge in the room and internet access is free.   Cons: 1. I am a business traveler, accustomed to 4 or 5 star business traveler amenities ex: decent workspace,  fax machine/ copier (that works), non of which was available, during my stay, at the Topham Hotel. There were some pastries, sitting out in the open, in the lobby each day. But because they were never covered, flies…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or810-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Could be fabulous but sadly no maintenance.,"This hotel must be maximising sales through last minute .com , but to be frank you may as well stay in Holiday Inn Express or Travel Inn where you know you will have everything working in your room. I identified 11 faults in my bedrrom/bathroom. The owners of this hotel have spent a fortune creating a beautiful boutique look but its all fur coat and no knickers. When i checked out the next morning the staff agreed with me that the money spent refurbishing the hotel was a waste of time if no maintenanace is given over to the rooms. I work in the travel business and stay in hotels around the world from 3 star to 5 star deluxe  and have to say this is one of the worst hotels room for lack of maintenance  I have stayed in ever>",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or810-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very poor afternoon teas,"Used the hotel to book afternoon tea for my wife and I. The decor was shabby and the waitresses unfriendly and indifferent to our needs. The offering was poor and meagre, unlike other afternoon teas we have booked throughout London.  Four star hotel ? No way !!",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or810-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",reception gives exceptional impression - really poor room quality,"Arrived, reception looks posh. And, despite what I've written below, the bed was comfortable and I slept well in a quiet room. Now, on to the bad...  I walked upstairs to my room, discovered several things wrong;  1. toilet cistern had very old crack running down right down the front 2. shower door handles very nearly fallen off 3. tiling in bathroom very poorly fitted and in need of re-fitting 4. skirting boards warped off the walls 5. flat batteries in the remote control which when taken to reception took a phone call over an hour later to get it returned (after being told it would be brought straight back up with new batteries) 6. bulb blown in bedside light 7. handle missing from desk 8. fan not working in the bathroom 9. I informed the receptionist of a few of these issues…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or810-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not book for a special occasion - you will be disappointed,"I booked this at very short notice via Lastminute and got a rate of £99. The evening reception staff were friendly and there were no issues. The reception certainly looks nice and I thought I had got myself a bargain.  The room (no 4) however was certainly nowhere near the alledged 4* that this hotel purports to have. The quality of the finishes was poor, with cracks in the plaster, low quality furniture, woodwork scuffed and dirty, and tiles with no grout in the bathroom. Worst of all was the bed which consisted of two divans (which had moved apart) and a really old (or cheap) mattress which dipped in the middle. A pretty uncomfortable nights sleep ensued.  All the handles but one had come off the chest of drawers and the handle to the shower cubicle was also broken. In…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or810-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Everything was perfect !!!,"We travelled as a couple and found this hotel remarkably great! The hotel location is very central yet quiet and close to main station. The staff starting from the reception to restaurant are friendly and welling tohelp. They greeted us with a smile and they let us feel like at home-extremely personal service. The room well decorated with modern interior design, the room amenities were great. Wifi is free all the time and breakfast satisfying. I would highly recommend it to everyone who is looking for luxury central boutique hotel in London with a good value. I will visit this hotel many times more with my partner!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or815-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Thank you Tophams!,"My wife and I had afternoon tea in Tophams.  The staff were friendly and polite.  Then, much later in the evening, my wife realised she had left her wedding ring in the toilet at the hotel.  We phoned them in a panic as it was a very expensive platinum and diamond ring and a family heirloom.  We needn't have worried as the hotel manager had found it and kept it safe for us!  We both want to say thank you so much for this.  PS The afternoon tea was enjoyable as well.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or815-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What more could you ask for!,"Gem of a Hotel in a convenient central London location for my leisure visitin London. When we arrived we were warmly greeted by the staff and the roomwas prepared by 10:00am- what a standard! The room was located nicely at the back of the hotel as we requested, it was quiet and with all the amenities that one expects. The breakfast in the morning was absolutely scrumptious and unfortunately we did not have the time to try the Afternoon Tea which looked absolutely wonderful served on a three tier Kath Kidston floweryplates. We will most definitely next time. What a great short break at theTophams Hotel!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or815-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Top Boutique Hotel !,"Great central quiet location with superb service. Soft drink on arrival little slow but everything else very good. Decent size room but lovely newly decorated decor and it seemed every time we ventured out, the room was turned down. Staff could not have been more attentive, helpful and seemed to care about our stay. A little expensive mayI say but a real treat and ideal for an anniversary or a special occasion.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or815-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nice rooms, good location, rigid staff","Stayed here 1 night passing through London, got a good deal on Expedia. Rooms and location are very nice but do not expect a warm welcome from staff. As soon as we stepped into the lobby we sensed tension. We were told that we were going to be moved to a sister hotel in another neighborhood with no explaination why. We objected because we had already paid for parking at a garage a few blocks away so we were 'allowed' to stay. (well thank you how nice of you!) Every time we passed through thelobby staff members would just look at us, no smiles ever, only saying hi after I said it first. Everyone seemed very rigid and stuffy in their all black clothing, like they were so focused on trying to be exclusive and trendy that they forgot how to smile.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or815-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid,"My experience mirrors the summaries on here: On arriving at the hotel reception, I was advised that there was a problem with my room.  Therefore they informed me they would allocate me a room in their sister hotel “15 minutes down the road”.   I said I didn’t want to be 15 minutes down the road, I had booked this hotel.  I was then allocated a damp basement room.  The smell was so pungent I actually requested an air freshener.  A member of hotel staff air freshened the room and even left me the room spray.  Nice.    The reception area of this hotel is attractive but venture beyond this point and the hotel is going downhill.  I would only recommend booking this hotel if you secure a last minute cheap deal and really cannot find anywhere else.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or820-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Deceitful, Deceptive and Dangerous","This hotel fits the description of ""all fur coat and no Knickers."" The hotel presents itself as a boutique establishment of good quality. The reception area, although small, is attractive and well furnished. Beyond this facade the hotel is a disgrace. Our room was cramped and dingy and the furniture and furnishings throughout the hotel were at best ""tired"" and at worst a health hazard. Amongst the many faults were cracked tiles on the bathroom floor, a shower cubicle door which was hanging off, an extractor fan which did not work, a TV that wouldn't work and a wc which would not flush. We complained several times and each time we were assured that ""maintenance"" would attend to it. This never happened. We were then promised a new room but that didn't happen either. We were simply…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or820-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",mandy wilson,"This was the worse hotel i have ever stayed in, me and my 84 year old mother had booked a trip to go and see the jersey boys, we checked into the hotel at 13.00 on the saturday and was told that our room wasnt ready so we decided to go to lunch in town and then to see jersey boys, we arrived back at the Tophams hotel at 18.00, they handed us our key and said our luggage was in the room, we booked a twin room with on suite, when we got to the room there wasnt a on suite and was just a single bed, i went to complain and they said that the lock on the door of the room we were staying in was broken and they couldnt get anybody out to fix it so they said they would put another single bed in the room and we could use the bathroom down the corridoor, i wasnt happy about this so i asked…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or820-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The hotel is actually good!,"After reading the previous reviews I was rather nervous, but the welcome was great. My room was ok, under the stairwell, wifi at a very low strength, but ok. Breakfast is chaotic and the staff need to plan more...too many visitors and not enough space. The eggs were strange, cartons of juice...not what you expect for a 4 star hotel. But the location is great..the place does have style and the reception staff very helpful. The room's heating was strange ..so I needed a blanket..and the hot water was not hot enough for me..",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or820-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I can't belive what I'm reading!!,"I've never reviewed a hotel before but had to comment on this one after reading some dreadful reviews on the same day I stayed. Well appointed, bright, clean,and spacious my room was top notch. Bathroom facilities were modern and spotless. All the staff were helpful and polite. Dining room spotless, well appointed and breakfast was what you would expect from a help yourself buffet. I stayed with a married couple and when we compared notes in the morning we all agreed we had found a gem of a hotel and would know where to stay next time we came to London. I couldn't believe what I was reading from other reviewers so thought I would add so balance.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or820-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't waste your money on this hell hole.,"This is basically the email I have written to the hotel and laterooms.com. It says it all. I don't write reviews normally but people should know just go how bad this place was. Please trust me. Don't book. I booked tophams hotel for 2 nights stay this weekend and I was honestly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I'm incredibly upset and distressed as nothing was as it was described on your website. I would have left as soon as we arrived but everywhere else was fully booked. The bathroom wall had paint peeling off, mould  growing  Through the wall. Every single piece of furniture in the room was broken in some way. The shower door was broken. The first room we were given had a huge stain on the bedspread. It was described as newly decorated. It was a mess! Wall paper peeling…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or825-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Super service, great location","Went up to london for one night to see a concert. Stayed in the Tophams hotel which offered us a great deal. Location was amazing, close to harrods and opposite an excellent italian restaurant. Our concert was at earls court which was 10  minutes by cab. The staff were super friendly and helpful. Our room wasn't quite ready (less than 5 minute wait) but our bags were whisked away for us and we were offered a drink in a cozy bar. Before we were half way through our drinks we were shown our room which was very spacious, clean and quiet. Excellent breakfast in the morning - buffet style. We also had afternoon tea before we left and again, excellent service and mountains of sandwiches and scones. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or825-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bad bad service,"We just got back from being in the UK for 4 weeks. We started our vacation at the Tophams listed above. This being our first trip off the north american continent, we didn't know what to expect, but we do know what service is, or at least what it should be. The room was tiny, almost clostrophobic, but we learned they all are. The ""manager"" didn't have a clue about where anything was. When we got there, worn out, she greeted us and asked how she could help us. In the middle of telling us that our room wasn't ready someone else walked in behind us and she started asking if she could help them. It wasn't just us she did it to because another couple came in and she did it again. I finally said ""how about you finish with us before you move on to the next person"". Her answer was ""I'll…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or825-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very pleasant Central London Hotel - Would stay again,"We visited London few days ago with my boyfriend and we stayed at Tophams for couple of nights + breakfast included. I paid for the hotel in advance for a very reasonable price and was very pleased with the choice. If you are visiting London for any reason the location is just perfect. We arrived on Tuesday morning and been greeted by a lovely reception staff who were very helpful and let us check in straight away even tho it was only 9am. The room was tidy and had everything you need: an iron-iron board-hairdryer-shower-bath-towels-spare blanket and comfy bed(they have adapters at the reception as well). We requested wake up call at 9 am just so we don't stay in bed all day and miss our breakfast. The breakfast on our first morning was lovely with wide variety of cereals,…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or825-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than expected,"After reading some of the negative reviews I was dreading what I would find at Tophams. However, I was very pleasantly surprised by my stay there. The room was small but clean and very quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was not fancy but did have a good variety of cereals, juices, pastries and fruit. The location was excellent, and I got a decent price through the internet. All in all a very pleasant experience!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or825-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dear foreign visitors: don´t stay here,"As a Brit (actually a Scot, but no excuses) I was appalled and embarassed that this hotel should be offered to guests and especially to foreigners coming to my country. We were a party of five in town for a business meeting, so luckily only stayed one night. We paid GBP 189 per head.I will keep it short:  - smell of urine in the room - bedside light didn´t work - no remote control for tv and it appeared not to work anyway - shower only produced scalding hot water - my American colleague (who unfortunately had to stay two nights) had mentioned that he woke up thinking there was a woman in his room. He was not so lucky - the woman was next door. The walls are paper thin. - I was in the basement under reception and there appears to be no sound-proofing in the roof either - I heard…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or830-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Dirty rooms, expensive, slow service, poo in toilet!!!!!!","We booked three rooms here for a business trip on lastminute.com, as a Secret Hotel. It was described as a ""charming boutique hotel with great service"". This description is laughable. We arrived at about 7.30pm - the reception area is small but presentable. We then had to wait for nearly half an hour to be checked in. At 7.30pm and in the age of technology this is an unacceptable waiting time. While we were waiting (we weren't offered a drink from the adjacent bar, which would have made the wait more bearable), we witnessed three ladies who had booked rooms be told that their rooms weren't ready. The ladies were very irate; I think they might have been previously made aware that the room wouldn't be ready until a certain time, however it appeared that this time had passed and…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or830-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This is NOT good: written 14/10/12,"Fawlty Towers without the humour. Staff [most appeared inexperienced] tried hard to make something of this mess but there is just too much to attend to. The location is OK but then, so is Victoria [station] and London is only a square mile in area. We were initially placed in a garret which was upgraded after protesting. We refused to pay more. Breakfasts were skimpy, poorly presented and monotonous; dining cramped; replacement toiletries were only provided on request [after 5 nights]; shower leaked tremendously; lift broken; kettle [much-used with broken lid] made available on request; room barely coped with us AND our small pieces of luggage.  Whoever awarded this hotel four stars has completely misrepresented and misjudged the accommodation.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or830-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Pricey, good location, falling apart","Rooms and decor very Victorian, small and cramped and a bit claustrophobic but reasonably clean and comfortable. Wifi & internet work in room. Minibar larcenous - don't even open the fridge. Everything is falling apart a bit and singly in silly wasy: drape drawstring only works on one side, shower glass leaks, no remote control for TV (or, if one asks for one, it doesn't work), not even a little pad of paper and pen by the phone. The only reason why one would stay here than elsewhere is if one really wants this location. 5 min walk to Victoria station.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or830-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel in London,"I have absolutely no idea how this hotel is considered a 4* hotel. We arrived at 4pm (check in begins at 1) and there were no rooms ready. So we sat to wait, and were forgotten about. 30 minutes later we reminded them we were waiting and they put us in a dirty room. We complained and they moved us to another room.   The TV was next to the bed instead of at an angle that is even possible to watch. The air conditioning didn't work and when we complained about the room temperature and asked for a fan, they told us the rooms were climate controlled so that should be enough.    Not only that, but the 'pre-authorisation' on my credit card took 4 business days to return to my account. Absolutely unacceptable, and I have yet to have that happen at another hotel I've stayed at in London,…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or830-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A different experience !,"I had stayed at Tophams before and found it OK but was rather put off when I read the reviews on Tripadvisor. I have just spent another night at the hotel . The room, albeit rather small, was very clean and comfortable-I had a marvellouslly quiet night's sleep. The Continental breakfast was perfectly adequate and the dining room very pleasant.. The staff, both at reception and in the breakfast room could not have been more pleasant or helpful. I plan to stay there again next month.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or835-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A Complete Shambles,It was so bad that I had to phone Late Rooms. Fortunately they got me the en suite double room I booked The first two rooms they allocated me were really poor. The only sign of any quality was the elemis bathroom product  Don't book it! Don't believe the photos Sorry but poor!!,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or835-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had a lovely afternoon tea at this hotel courtesy of a deal from KGB, £23 for two, the sandwiches, cakes and scones were delicious and plenty of tea and to finish off a lovely glass of champagne. The staff were lovely and very attentive, can't wait to go again..",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or835-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No room available,I booked through Lastminute.com and arrived at around 10.15pm to be told that there was no room available and that I would be taken to their 'sister' hotel in Knightsbridge.  I said that this was unacceptable as I needed to be in Victoria.   The Receptionist did her best but was very reluctant to ring the hotel Manager (who was not there).   I insisted and eventually spoke to him on the phone.  He was entirely unsympathetic.  There was also a group who had arrived from Hong Kong having booked a room which was dirty and without a bathroom.  They were extremely angry.   In short don't stay at this dump.   I left and booked into The Grosvenor Hotel around the corner.   More expensive but excellent.,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or835-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Sloppy service and damp stained room.,"Very nice outer appearance and recption area, our room was very small but with a nice sized bathroom. Unfortunately, there were very noticeable damp stains on the ceilings of both the bedroom and the bathroom, this was especially dissapointing as it was a treat stay for my girlfriend. The room I had was also 'deluxe' a bit of a joke really. Service was poor in the sense that some staff were moody and poker faced which suggested they were somewhat unapproachable. Finally, there were no toiletries in the bathrrom (like soap, shower gel, shampoo etc) and milk was not replenished on the second day.... I would say not worth the money, and will probably not stay again even though I stay in the Victoria area often.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or835-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A pleasant stay,"I stayed at this hotel on 2 October for 2 nights. After reading some of the reviews I was worried as I was taking my elderly mother with me.On checking in - my card was pre authorised for £100. I have stayed in many hotels in the Uk and I have found this the norm, even when staying overnight in an airport hotel. We were allocated room no 6 (twin room),which was on the ground floor so no stairs or lift to worry about. The room was tastefully decorated and warm, and really quiet so was easy to relax and unwind. The staff were pleasant and friendly and always had a smile on their face. 10 mins after entering the room, the housekeeper knocked on the door and offered us complimentary soap. There was already complimentary body lotion, shower gel,shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or840-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"We ended up staying at this hotel as  we opted for the 'secret hotel' on laterooms and I must admit I was very worried about it after receiving the hotel name and reading the terrible reviews.  However, I'm pleased to say we had no problems at all. All the staff were very pleasant and there were apples and pastries on the desk as we were checking in.  We were given a room in the main part of the hotel that was not huge but certainly big enough.  The room and bathroom were all clean and well eqipped.  One thing I would add is a pricelist for the minibar - we  were hoping, as there was no price list, that everything in there was free!  We phoned and checked thankfully! We were entitled to the continental breakfast with our booking - which we didn't know about until we checked in…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or840-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",very good hotel,"I had booked this hotel before I read the reviews.  So I was rather worried!  However it is a nice little hotel in a very convenient place.  Easy walking to Buckingham Palace and Green Park to see the new memorial to Bomber Command and a little further to Westminster Cathedral, Westminster Abbey, The Houses of Parliament etc.  If you want to catch a bus, most of them stop at the end of the road and round the corner there are the bus, coach, rail and underground stations.  The area is full of restaurants (expensive and not), bars and traditional pubs. The hotel is charming, the rooms well equipped, the beds very comfortable and the bathrooms modern and extremely clean.  The windows , though double glazed, are traditional sash windows and can be opened top and bottom to keep the…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or840-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tale of woe,"The next time I am in London if there is a room available in this hotel  ...... it will NOT be me booking it.  This “hotel” is deemed to be a 4 star; in my mind it meets a very basic 3 star standard.  As others have noted; the reception staff can be in the middle of speaking to you then stop to answer the phone – you are ignored.  We were told our room would be ready at 1pm; we arrived at approximately 2:45pm to be told it was not ready and we would have to wait – we waited another 20 to 30 minutes before getting our room.    The lift didn't work, the room was damp (paint was peeling off the walls and you could smell it in the air), the carpet was dirty, I do not want to guess what stains were on the bed throw (although the bed itself was clean), it was noisy at night, the room…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or840-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Has the potential of a four star+,"I have just returned from a very comfortable and clean stay.  When you walk in the reception /lobby has a wow factor, but our room carpet was a little tired, plus just little bits that need sorting with our room but nothing major and in no way spoilt our stay. All staff were very friendly and helpful and San who was always run off her feet was amazing. All at Tophams reach for those four stars the potential is there.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or840-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",we might have been ripped off!,"After booking a room at what seemed like a luxury hotel in the heart of London, we were very disappointed when we arrived to be greeted by a receptionist who didn't seem sure if they now had space. Our booking had been made and confirmed through late rooms.After reading our booking details several times she decided there was a room and said she would take the payment straight away. We paid £225.00 for one night and were then taken to our room. this was apparently the last room in the hotel. The hallways had bad damp and we were taken to the top floor to a tiny room which at first seemed okay, but then we found the bathroom which was small and resembled a porta-loo with a shower. The remains of the previous persons stay was still in it (empty bottles).the walls were made of…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or845-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No way 4 star.,"Was bought here by my other half for my 30th- first impressions- wow. however the room we were allocated was mouldy in the bedroom from a previous waterleak, wardrobe door had falled off and just left and the bathroom was just pure disgusting. we complained and were moved no questions asked to a nicer room 2 floors up- the lift was out of order so had very steep curved stairs! Tea/coffee facilities were there- but no water so had to use the water out of the bathroom.  Breakfast was included however this isnt freshly cooked- its help yourself buffet style which was VERY disappointing. we came down around 9ish and the sausages were luke warm and hard, the bacon was hard, no baked beans left.... smell of burnt toast in the air. The waitress then relit the candles under the urns…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or845-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea..... What a joke!,"I recently purchased a groupon voucher which I thought I was purchasing a high class champagne afternoon tea experience!  On their website they valued this experience at £34 per person... After being there it's not even worth £2!  Upon arrival we were directed to the resturant which was well presented but very small!  We were eventually greeted and directed to our table.  We were offered cocktails which was not what we had purchased.... When this was served to us, they were served in a juice class and was watered down, there was no alcohol just flavouring.  I didnt want this to spoil my experience so I eagerly waited for our afternoon tea.... What a complete disaster... On the Internet they had a selection of 4 different fillings there was only 3 brought out to us... All the…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or845-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",very pretty - BUT ...,"(Very!) nicely decorated but much too expensive for the quality of service, location, convenience,etc.. We paid 285£ for a ""double"": queen bed, tight room, bath towels but no  face towels; coffee/tea machine but no courtesy water, third floor but elevator broken for three days  (no apologies, let alone rebates but suggested it was good training and offered an orange juice)(no porter to lift bags up steep staircase). Two days in a row: 8:30 am fire alarm (unannounced test). Continental breakfast but just the basics. Front desk ordered us a taxi which turned out to be a cheap limousine service with a rundown car and an incompetent or cheating driver (couldn't find his  way, charged 15£ for a 6£ trip) _ the front desk manager later blamed her assistant for calling that service in…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or845-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This self-rated '4-Star' hotel would fail to achieve an AA 1Star rating,"I had expectations that this would be a wonderful experience in a luxury 4 star hotel. I was sadly disappointed  We arrived at the hotel tired after a 3-hour coach trip, looking forward to staying at this supposed boutique accommodation. We did not expect any problems in checking in as the booking had been prepaid. What greeted us was awful. The Reception staff were rude, inattentive and patronising. It took more than 20 minutes for us to be checked in, as we refused to allow the hotel to raise a charge against our credit card. Finally we were checked in and told that our room would be ready after 1 pm.  When we arrived back at the hotel we were greeted by 2 new members of staff who had not been informed that we had already completed the check-in. Another 20 minutes was spent…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or845-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Hotel? more like Craphams hotel,"staying at this hotel last night and tonight, TV does not work in the room, shower has a blocked drain and over flows, phone in the room is so bad that when you buzz down to complain about the tv they can't hear you. This morning the lift got stuck on the 2nd floor so I used the fire exit then got a telling off from reception, only other option was jumping through the window which this hotel makes you feel like doing.  A co worker arrived from the US last night at 10.30pm to be told she has been double booked even though she had confirmation.  If you have ever watched Faulty Towers, this is where is was filmed I think, the staff should all be actors in it!!",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or850-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice Small Hotel,"We stayed here over the Jubliee weekend, the hotel is small but nicely decorated and comfortable.  Originally we were given a double room, but when we told them we'd booked a twin they quickly changed us.  The room was clean and comfortable with everything you could need. The bathroom was huge and well equipped with seperate bath and shower.  The breakfast room is a little small for the number of table in there, but breakfast was well organised with only a sohrt wait for a table and plenty of food and choice.  When we checked out they let us leave our luggage for the day at no charge which was a bonus.  The hotel is in a good location only minutes from Victoria Station.  We booked as part of a hotel and rail deal with Superbreak, but would recommend. We had no issues.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or850-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Offloading 3rd rate accommodation,"Suspect TOphams are using lastminute.com as a way of offloading cheaper accommodation they own down the street-and hoping you don't complain. Our room wasn't available - and we weren't the only ones. We were moved to Belgravia Mews- excrement stain on the bath mat, no plug in the sink, fire alarm in the middle of the night- which the staff at Tophams were unaware. No adequate investigation of the alarm occurred before it was declared a false alarm. Staff were very offhand about the situation - I suspect this is routine practice. We were moved to proper accommodation for the second night which was ok, but no explanation or sufficient apology was forthcoming. Avoid.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or850-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","an absolute rip-off, bed so uncomfortable I slept on the floor!","I booked this hotel through Lastminute.com for my last night in London staying on business. I was looking forward to a pleasant and comfortable 'boutique hotel' experience and a good night's sleep after a week of hard work.   As I arrived at 4pm a group of people were just leaving having told the receptionist that they didn't want to stay after having seen the rooms. Not a good sign. I waited 15 minutes to be shown to my room, and was then taken to separate premises 'Mews Hotel' with no explanation from the receptionist about where we were going. She didn't seem to know where my room was at first so I had to lug my heavy suitcase up and down the stairs (no lift) until she located it. An extra bed had been put in the room for a previous guest and blocked the doorway. The room was…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or850-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointed,"My husband and I stayed here just last weekend. I had understood (wrongly I guess) that the hotel had undergone a vast refurbishment and was worth the cost, but I don't think that room 208 reflected any update beside fancy wallpaper. The room's electricity was a nightmare and staff could not get anything fixed so only one bedside lamp, TV was erratic, no light on mirror in dark bathroom - hard to shave with safety...etc, the carpet looked worn and dingy, and there was horrid peeling paint looking moldy above the bathroom door.  The staff also seemed overburdened and the tiny check in area was unnavigable with groups checking in and having to leave luggage lying around, and having oddly lengthy discussions about their accommodations...despite the excellent location, I would not…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or850-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Unsatisfactory Room,"I booked a room in Tophams Hotel and was led to a basement room in Belgravia Mews which was fair from satisfactory especially for a female on her own.  The reviews that I read seemed to be a mixed bag but the hotel was in the correct area that I needed to be.  The staff were very friendly and when I said that the room was unsatisfactory they informed me that they had no other rooms available even though this was an advance booking.  They then sent me to another hotel in Kensington which was not a 4* hotel, the tiles were coming off the floor and the bathroom was not the cleanist.  I ended up having to book another hotel room for the evening at considerable expense.  Please read the reviews before booking with this hotel even if you are going through an agency.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or855-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I usually take bad reviews with a pinch of salt. Wish I'd listened to all the previous ones on this hotel.,I had booked into this hotel through a work booking system. They still wanted to take £100 pre auth when I arrived although everything had been pre paid. I was then led down the road to another building and up 3 flights of stained carpeted stairs to my room. Smells musty. Very cheap bathroom where the toilet is not particulary clean. Windows and windowsills don't look as if they've been cleaned in years with the curtain railing hanging down. The telephone doesn't work to call reception and there is one cheap lamp with no bulb in the other. Would never recommend for anyone to stay here and will be complaining to the booking service about this 'so called' hotel.,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or855-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea - was lovely,"So - my Son treated me to afternoon tea for my Birthday - tea was lovely - he was delayed by half a hour - they were lovely glass a water - pot of tea while I waited.  My son arrived and before he even sat down wanted his voucher as he had booked on line.  So we started very well and then it was distasteful!  There was no way we would have left without paying - it was the only thing wrong because afternoon tea was delightful - the atmosphoshere was lovely- the setting was great - why did they have to spoil it?  While I was waiting in reception - a young man came in to enquire about a room for two nights.  He was quoted £225 per night - the young man said it was above his budget and was about to leave.  ""Let me see what we can do"" so the price was reduced to £175 per night for…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or855-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",worse than Premier Inn,"I stayed there for one night on a late rooms booking after looking forward to  aboutique hotel experience.   the room was adequate although not particularly well equipped. Free wifi was a bonus. The TV proved difficult to work with no guidance note but assistance was swiftly provided. The room had not been adeqautely cleaned- foil from sparkling wine was clearly visible under the desk. There ws no kettle on the hospitality tray  And breakfast was appalling. 4 bowls of cereal ( un labelled), a tired fruit salad (tinned), a tied looking selection of muffins and croissants, a hot- more accurately- warm buffet of scrambled eggs etc,and  two piles of sliced bread by a toaster which proved difficult to work with no assistance profferred.  And a check out somebody's elses photo was…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or855-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Conveniently Located Small & Friendly Hotel,"This hotel is less than a ten minute walk from Victoria Station through pleasant streets. It is also only a short walk from Buckingham Palace and Piccadilly in one direction and Kings Road, Chelsea in another direction. There are eateries close by, ranging from very good restaurants to fast food outlets. The hotel staff are welcoming and the rooms are airconditioned, which was extremely welcome as we were in London during a weekend when the temperature was 30 degrees Centigrade. The rooms are of a typical size for a London hotel in a Georgian building (ie compact) but well equipped with a flat screen TV and a desk with broadband connection. Wi-fi is free in the rooms although during our visit it was not operating. The restaurant serves breakfast in pleasant surroundings; and…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or855-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible best avoided!,"Booked a night here for a stop over in London, big mistake! Water came through the bathroom ceiling at 12 am so they relocated us into another room with faulty airconditioning which seemed to be stuck at 28c, saggy tired beds, blown bulbs in all the bedside lamps and the piece of work on reception well... Less said the better.  Avoid avoid avoid...",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or860-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely shocking - no way 4 star,"As I sit in this horrid room I have been waiting 10 minutes for a hair dryer and am still waiting! Reception staff don't care. The bathroom is the most hideous, shoddy thing I have ever seen: mouldy or missing grout; cracked toilet cistern with loose flush; shower door doesn't close etc  It is all quite stressful. This hotel has ideas well above its station. By the way - still waiting for a hair dryer!!",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or860-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Lovely people, but terrible room",I arrived after midnight and the staff were attentive and charming as they were the following morning. But I was taken down the road to a quite separate hotel and a basement room which was shabby and grubby (stained carpet and a dirty mark on the sheets where it had been stored) and the ligth did not work in the separate wc so had to keep bathroom door open by tying it to the main door in order to see. Had not been given a key and was too tired to walk back to hotel to complain. So just crashed and hoped that there weren't any mice. It felt like the kind of room where you'd find them.  Staff next morning were lovely and offered me a free breakfast and I'm sure that the main hotel does have good rooms. But they shouldn't use two star rooms as well. I only paid £85 via Last Min.…,Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or860-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams high tea - definitely worth MISSING,"My family & I are high tea connoisseurs. And London is the place for this English tradition! However, not at Tophams of Belgravia. The meal was an absolute disaster start to finish.  The restaurant was not particularly clean. The Champagne was warm, the sandwiches were straight from the sale rack at Tesco, so we're the scones which seemed like they had been microwaved a few minutes prior. The pastries made you think about all the calories you shouldn't consume or those you could enjoy elsewhere - which is exactly what we did.  Just don't go!!  Save yourself the agony and the disappointment.  For a Good high tea - Harrods, Fortnum & Mason, or even the Landmark Hotel For top of the line at a price to match there's The Ritz or The Dorchester.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or860-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Afternoon tea on a voucher.....NO, NO, NO!","Unfortunately our afternoon tea experience on a voucher some time ago was really quite dire. The hotel seems to be a nice little hotel but you walk in and no-one even acknowledges you. You find the restaurant yourself and wait ages for someone to bother to seat you.  The afternoon tea room was packed and noisy with no real atmosphere or class.  The afternoon tea  itself was served on what seemed to be a conveyor belt.  We had to wait AGES to get served, got forgotten about quite a lot and there was no real organisation.  The poor staff were very nice but obviously over worked with this deal.  The cakes and sandwiches were ok but our cocktails, which were included in the deal were awful. They were churned out in huge ugly glasses and tasted like squash.  There was no attention to…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or860-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not 4 Star - More like 2star Using the location for 2 extra stars,"Poor show to be honest - Location is the best part of this hotel (which does not add to its star performance due to its locality to so many places of interest)  Pluses - Room was Clean, and Peaceful that I got.  Negatives - 1, I am not gay, but for receptionaist asking if i was gay, was a bit disturbing (and rather insulting) - However, not so sure, anyone should be asking that anyway.  2. I asked to drop my bag, in room at 1pm rather than 2pm, I was told no (fair enough), receptionist said she would put my bag (with medication inside) in my room at 2pm. I returned at 12.30am, after my Olympic Event -(Beach Volleyball) and went to my room, and no bag ;( I went to reception, and thankfully the day receptionist was off duty but sitting chatting, I asked about my bag. She had left…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or865-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very nice stay!,"Hi.   I normally stayt in five star hotels, churchil hyatt, mayfair, dorch, metropolitan etc. Because of the Olympics my original hotel had a cock up and gave my room to someone else! I then re-booked and got the Knightsbridge Green hotel, when i got there the reception lady said that they were also full despite my booking, however the customer service she gave was second to none, she apologised calmly and said that we will take you to anopther closeby hotel and it will be a better one then, and even paid for my taxi to take me to my newly booked hotel- the TOPHAMS.   Tophams staff were friendly, polite and sweet. Lovely ladies. Outside hotel could do with more decor, but when you get inside it is beautiful. My room Mews 5 was in basement and very nice, clean, modern and chic.…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or865-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","A fine 3 star, great location","Booked as a secret hotel on last minute, I was appalled at the reviews.   But it was fine.  4 th floor rooms were fine, small, but good bathrooms.  Good for central London, staff was ok.  Fine hotel, reasonably priced, just not a 4 star boutique as marketed.  Didn't have breakfast there, so no comment.  Air con worked, so o complaints.  It is worth 120.00 a night, no more",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or865-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel on the planet? DO NOT STAY HERE!,"I am not easy to please and if you look at my other reviews, I've never written a bad one. However, this is where it changes...it was my 30th birthday weekend and my wife booked a night here. When we arrived, we were escorted 10 doors down to a separate hotel! We were then taken downstairs under a cupboard and one floor below the road level to a cupboard of a room. The sink was blocked and it smelt of urine!! There were cobwebs in the room and dust everywhere. I asked to speak to the manager and he didn't arrive, having waited 30mins. I packed up our bags and went to reception, where it took a further 1hr to decide what they would do, showing us a single room as a replacement! We finally agreed a full refund but that apparently it couldn't be done there and then. We had to find…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or865-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not worth the money,Room had view of and smell of kitchen extractor fan had to move one bed to gain access to bathroom . Bath room needed cleaning and regrouting. Room needed updating and refurbishing. Not worth money paid in advance. Booked a taxi for airport and got a unregistered taxi or car which was dirty and in bad condition payed cash no meter or receipt .,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or865-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at Tophams Hotel....do not go.,"Have just had afternoon tea at Tophams Hotel and I do not recommend. Had a groupon deal which was £13 per head...sounds good as they advertise the true cost of champagne tea as more than double this. Please note,this really is not a bargain. You would be better to spend your money on a glass of champagne, no tea in  much more pleasant surroundings.Firstly there is only one toilet which has liquid soap in a molton brown bottle which is not molton brown....why pretend?? The afternoon tea is served in an average room with no atmosphere at all. An attempt to play music was made but this was unsuccessful and quite frankly the ambience was dreadful. The sandwiches were poor and the cakes average. White cheap bread was used withe the smallest amount of cheap filling. The selection of…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or870-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",never again,"Paid a huge price for this hotel because we wanted the best experience and close to the tube and buckingham palace.On first arriving we were pleasantly surprised with our room.Huge and the bathroom was huge with bath and shower.The cieling had a crack in it but we just thought this was due to a recent problem and didnt worry us too much.On our second night at 6 o clock in the morning the cieling started flooding in water.We rang the duty manager who came to our room threw us some towels and said its the people above you having a shower.I will go sort it out.....and thats it we were left there to clean up, the manager never came back we had to put a bucket under the water and wait for morning.The staff the next morning in the reception were rude and never apologized.We did…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or870-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never Again,"I had a basement room overlooking a dingy yard housing the main extractor from the kitchen.  Dirty towel left on the bathroom floor and blocked washbasin.  The bathroom door actually moved one of the single beds when opened.  TV remote didn't work, enough coffee provided for 2 cups. Staff were unfriendly, unhelpful, and scary!  Continental breakfast was a travesty-tea arrived instead of coffee, but impossible to tell the difference.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or870-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Comfortable,"Great location for where we wanted to go, close to Victoria tube. The room itself was very small but very well furnished and looked fab, comfy bed, tv, kettle, hair dryer, everything I needed. Everything was very clean and the bathroom was quite spacious. I would definitely stay again for these reasons if I needed to stay in this area. The only things that let it down were that there were no hangers in the wardrobe, there was only one pillow each and the breakfast left a lot to be desired. It was set out buffet style so that you can help yourself and so the food wasnt very warm as well as being rather dried out like it had been sitting there for ages. I didnt find the staff particularly helpful either but I dont know if thats just standard for London and the way they are. Over…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or870-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",weekend away,Staff Very Friendly And Helpfull . Hotel Clean . ROOM SMALL BUT Clean . Breakfast Good But Could Have Been Hotter  Otherwise Pricewise For The Area Thought Was Good Value  From Mr'Mrs Hislam  Christchurch Dorset,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or870-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",BEWARE OF FRAUDULENT BILLING,"In April 2012, using the hotel's website, I reserved a King Deluxe Double room as a gift for my son and daughter-in-law for 8 nights in May 2012.  The reservation indicated room charges would be 1,573.33 GBP plus tax in the amount of 314.67 GBP for a total of 1,888.00 GBP ($2,923.81).  The charges were to be made to my credit card with a confirmed deposit of 537.33 GBP ($832.40).    When my son and his wife arrived May 15, 2012, they were given a room with a queen size bed in a room the size of a king size bed; so tiny you could stand in the middle of the room and almost touch the walls - clearly not a King Deluxe Double.  Reception conceded this was not the room reserved for them and after 5 nights moved them to a larger room, where they spent the last 3 nights.  I recently…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or875-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This Hotel was just grand,"Booked it for me and my friends for a hen do. The hotel is just beautiful. The girls working at the hotel were lovely and there is someone on reception 24 hours which was just perfect when we had lost the room key at an unsightly hour. The bathrooms were supplied with Elemis toiletries and had a bath and a shower, which was great when youre all trying to get ready at the same time. Quite expensive, but we very much enjoyed ourselves here. Samantha Murphy, Cork",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or875-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Hotel!,"If you like smaller boutique Hotels, I could not review this one more highly. From the moment you arrive the staff can't do enough for you. The service is impeccable, nothing is too much trouble and I found every singlemember of staff to be kind and genuinely helpful. The rooms, while on the small side, are all beautiful and immaculately clean. I stayed about a week at the end of June and look forward to going back this October. Nice and quiet, beautiful decor, the breakfast was absolutely delicious and I highly recommend having afternoon tea at the Tophams whether you are a guest or not. All in all great! David A., Rochester",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or875-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Earns its Four Stars!,"My wife and I have travelled extensively all over Europe and stayed at some great boutique hotels. The Tophams Hotel had exceeded all our expectations.The staff is attentive, superb and dedicated to excellent service. The hotel's location, across from Hyde Park, allows for a pleasant escape from the city and a beautiful view. Main station is of walking distance and the Breakfast room is absolutely divine.Will return in the near future. Ross Andrew, Kent",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or875-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel!,"A must stay hotel, great customer service, stunningly decorated rooms, food absolutely delicious. The breakfast superb. Walking distance from Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace Road. Well located, close to everything butaway from the big tourist crowds and noise. This beautiful boutique hotel was recommended to me and they did not disappoint in any way.Will return again. Jackie Norman, Manchester",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or875-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Disappointing, not a 4 star hotel","This hotel has great potential but let itself down far too many times.  When we arrived (late on a Thursday night) we were told we were being upgraded to a suite - great start! When we arrived in the suite some of the lightbulbs didn't work and there were no products in the bathroom (not even a bar of soap), but this didn't really bother us. However the following morning, just as we were about to leave the hotel we received a call saying there has been a mistake and we had to move rooms. During the call the receptionist hung up on me twice because she couldn't hear me with the shoddy phones in the hotel. We had to completely repack and ended up being late for an appointment. We weren't even offered an apology when we arrived at reception with our bags, and it wasn't until we…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or880-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",You could be jeopardising your well being if you stay here.,"Booked 3 rooms to celebrate milestone birthday which started ok and ended in tears and disgraceful customer service. Have never had to write such a damning review in over 35 yrs. the rooms were ok and clean. The breakfast was disorganised, slow refilling food and too few tables for number of rooms . No air con in conservatory eating area or ventilation. The lift is dangerous and says max 6 people. We had 5 in lift and trapped for c25 mins - staff had little clue how to sort out and even when pressed alarm their response was akin to a chocolate teapot! We were even put through to fire service who said it was hotel responsibility to release us. No regular updates or reassurances which had it not been for our friend who is an engineer managed to force inner doors to gain momentary…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or880-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hideous,"My PA booked this room for me when I was attending a black tie function in Mayfair.  Do not stay here - it is the worst hotel I have ever been to. Like Danyofdeath, I thought the initial impression of the reception area was misleading.  I was shown a tiny cupboard of a room 5 doors down, which had secondary glazing you couldn't open, so was really hot, a tiny shower you couldn't even move in and the smallest, cheapest single bed I'd ever seen.  It was also dirty. When I refused that room, I was grudgingly shown another, only to be told that that had no ensuite facilities - I would need to walk down the corridor and up a half landing - not ideal when getting ready for a Black Tie do!!  I refused that one too and was eventually ""upgraded"" to a double room in the basement, which…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or880-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Rather disappointing, but what can you do except write a review?","Hotel before/during/after Queen’s Diamond Jubilee. I’m a big American and want at least a double bed. Booked 8 nights online because a room with a double bed for 1 person only was advertised (and those are *very* difficult to find in the Victoria Station area).  Good things in addition to location = small safe in room, iron/board, hairdryer, minibar, tea/coffee fixings with kettle, ample drawer space, smallish but sufficient closet, PC for guests’ use next to reception area, and small selection of DVDs which could be played on room TV. It was pricey (US $244 per night ended up being US $293 per night by the time all taxes and fees were added on), but I was willing to pay that amount for a 4-star hotel in a great location in London. NEWSFLASH — Tophams isn’t exactly a “bad”…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or880-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",OK,"I was allowed to check in early only because i agreed to downgrade from a deluxe room to a regular room (my room was not ready yet). A few stairs up and down to get to my room so if you have heavy or more than one suitcase, this could be a nightmare. Room was clean but a bit too small.   Staff very friendly and helpful.  Free wifi. Free apples and cupcakes.  Good location.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or880-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Overall, a nice stay","The hotel is very nice, clean, and fantastically located. I was a little disappointed though that my request on easy book for two twin beds did not go through and I received one double. Also, the room was very small, but I'm beginning to think that may be the style in Europe. The concierge was nice, but if she did not have the answer to a question, she only apologized, she would make no further effort to find out the answer for me. And the continental breakfast was overcrowded and not well stocked. However the three facts of my first sentence remain the predominant memory of my stay.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or885-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Boutique style hotel - a little jaded in places but comfortable,"I stayed here for one night when attending a dinner in a different hotel.  My overall impression is that this hotel was given a ""boutique"" makeover a couple of years ago and the decor in places is starting to show wear and tear.  My room was a reasonable size with a bathroom that on the surface was well equipped.  However, the tiles on the floor really were in a poor condition with one completely cracked from side to side and nearly all the grouting was missing.  The light over the basin didn't work which made the lighting very dim.  It appeared to me that the people who had done the tiling in the bathroom had been in a hurry - the grouting on the wall tiles had not been properly finished.  I also felt that the tiles in the shower were in need of a really good clean at the…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or885-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very poor,This hotel is not 4 star. There is a smell of damp in all of the corridors. The first night we stayed in this hotel we were in a damp dark basement room with no kettle one hangar in the wardrobe and a huge water stain on the ceiling the smell of  damp was terrible. We complained and asked to be moved we were told that it was not possible. There were other customers also complaining but they were moved to another hotel. We asked for the same but there was no capacity in that hotel. We were moved for our second night to a different room that was better but overall I would say this hotel is a two star or at best a three star hotel.... far too expensive avoid it if u can....,Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or885-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location - average hotel,After reading previous trip advisor ratings of this hotel we certainly didn't go with any high expectations.  Our room was ok although smelt very damp. We  were on the lower floor and at the back however it was clean and as we hadn't paid a lot we decided just to make do.  The location of the hotel was just brilliant and so handy for all transport links and theatres.  All said and done we would go back and stay in this area but not at this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or885-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Good value in a quiet, central location.","Location, location, location. Literally 5 minutes walk from Victoria station, but in a quiet(ish) road. I thought this hotel offered really good value for money. I stayed here in Mid June. The hotel is nicely styled with a boutique type feel, The rooms are on the small side but have everything I needed for a qucik business trip. I thought the dining room was a particualry attractive room and the breakfasts were of a pretty good standard.   No real 'wow' factor but then again, not really 'wow' prices. I was happy and will stay again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or885-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Second visit not much better!,"I had stayed at Tophams, and reviewed here before, and despite my previous experience I returned!  My travel booker informed the hotel of my reluctance, and they assured her that I would be well looked after.  I noticed that on arrival, teh paperwork on the desk had ""VIP"" scribbled on.    The problem with Tophams is not that it is a bad hotel, but rather that it is just not a good one everything seeming a seat of the pants!  On arrival, once again there were two people at reception, but working as a pair, rather than independently.  The queue wating to check in were therefore attended two one at a time, rather than two at a time. A couple of guests seemed to be discussing why their reserved rooms were either not available, or not ready (it was 6:00 PM.  The VIP room was pleasant…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or890-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst hotel experience ever,"I booked one night at Tophams Hotel, I was arriving late but let them know that.  When I arrived I was escorted 5 doors down the road to another of their properties.  It was definitely not what I had booked - no air conditioning, no mini-bar, no wi-fi, uncomfortable mattress, peeling paint and broken shower.  It seems that they overbooked the rooms at Tophams and had moved guests to their cheaper hotels while still charging the full amount - this was confirmed by the Sales Manager when I complained the next day.  I wasn't the only person in reception complaining the next morning and the reception staff just didn't seem to understand why I was so angry.  They thought it was perfectly acceptable for me to pay £220 for a room advertised on-line for £90 - really!!! It seems (now…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or890-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not recommended! Four rooms in three nights...,"I reserved an en-suite room for three nights. An attractive building in a convenient location.  At check in, I was told that the only room available did not have a bathroom, I was shown to a tiny, grubby room with a single bed and old, cheap furniture; the bathroom being along the corridor and up a flight of stairs. When I objected to this, I was eventually given an en-suite room in the basement.  On the second evening, I returned to find that the bathroom had flooded. When I went to reception (the telephone in the room did not work), the lady on reception asked me angrily - ""What did you DO to the bathroom?"". She came to the room, and promptly disappeared for fifteen minutes. When I went again to the reception, she said that she had been busy! I was then told that the only…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or890-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ok but not great,"We went to Topham's because of the name (same as ours....) and also the location.  We were intially quite impressed with the friendly reception staff, as we arrived early and just wanted to dump our bags and go out, but they ensured our room was ready for us within 10 minutes of our arrival. Good so far. The problems started later on when we got back after a long day out to get ready for the theatre. No promised Molten Brown toiletries, just something cheap which looked like it had been used before. There was no hair dryer in the room, although quite clearly stated there would be in the Hotel description, which meant I couldn't wash my hair all weekend! Not ideal when it'd been raining heavily during the day. Still, the rooms were beautifully decorated and the bed very…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or890-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Topham`s Hotel - overpriced,"Although in a great setting and close to many places in London, the hotel was not worth the money. My wife and I had a double Deluxe room described as spacious. You could just about walk round the bed, although the bathroom was a good size. It was generally clean and reasonably well furnished. But it cost us £450 for 2 nights at a weekend. We paid for a help yourself Full English breakfast but many of the food items had run out. We were told they had been very busy and if we waited 20 minutes the items would be replaced. There were only 3 couples in the restaurant all finishing breakfast. If that is busy then.....We were also not aware that it was an alcohol free hotel. We eventually were able to get 2 small glasses of wine in the bar at a cost of nearly £20! Most of the staff…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or890-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","The Tophams, Belgravia","This friendly little hotel in upmarket Belgravia (walking distance from Victoria and close by The Goring of Kate Middleton fame) is a pleasant place to stay.  Tastefully decorated, resonable rates and an excellent breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or895-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The Tophams Hotel? More like The 'Botthams' Hotel!,"All in all a very weird set-up, don't sell alcohol but the whole place is decked out with suggestive photographs of scantily clad young women in lingerie! A few of the issues encountered during a single night stay last week: No coat hangers supplied! TV remote controller didn't function properly. Without knocking a member of staff barged in to check the mini-bar whilst I was getting changed to go out. 50% of the bathroom bulbs had blown. The shower sprayed water all over the bathroom whenever it was used.  This had clearly been reported by a previous guest (without informing me of the problem when I checked-in) and whilst I was out, and without warning, 'Maintenance' tried to repair the issue but instead left the shower still broken, sprayed water everywhere and half-heartedly…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or895-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very central but quiet area, easy access to get anywhere in London.","I am really glad that I discovered this hotel. As a business man, I reallyappreciate a silence at night but central location, which is very hard tofind in the city like London. I can easily say that I found my ‘oasis’ in London without paying a fortune as the prices in the hotel are definitely affordable. The hotel itself is in very good standard and the staff help youfind the answer for every single question you ask. This is more than helpful, every single person in the hotel tries to make your stayunforgettable - this is really works by the way. The hotel is very busy formost of the times, so I am sure that I will book my trips to London far inadvance to get a room in this hotel for my future stays! I would definitelyrecommend the hotel to anyone. Mike Naumowicz, Hampshire",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or895-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Perfect place for family break and 5 star service!,"We’ve had a chance to visit Thopams Hotel for our family trip to London. Me,my husband and our two kids were very excited to come back and visit Londonagain after our last trip couple of years ago. When we’ve arrived to thehotel, we felt the warm atmosphere there and the reception area looked solovely so we hoped our rooms will be at least at similar standard…we weren’tdisappointed! Absolute treat for families and couples like us! We had twobeautiful rooms located next to each other, so it was very convenient as weare a family.We wouldn’t say it is a 4 star hotel but 5 star! Beautifully decorated andvery clean - we wish all the hotels would be like this one! Ania and Paul Sanderson with kids,  Birmingham",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or895-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great central location and well equipped rooms,"Me and my partner stayed at Tophams Hotel last week and we had wonderful time. The location is just perfect and so central! Lots of restaurants, pubs and places to go out. Very easy access to the London’s attractions. The staff there were also very friendly and helpful. We loved our beautiful and spacious room, very elegant and sophisticated. We liked it a lot and cannot wait to visit London again soon and we will definitely stay in Thopams Hotel then!  Elwira and Alex Naumowicz, Hampshire",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or895-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",65th birthday afternoon tea for 11,"arranged to have 10 people with me for afternoon tea to celebrate my 65th birthday.  The staff were so accommodating and friendly.  we had one disabled and one coeliac, everything they had said they would do, promised on a recce with my sister, came to be.  we had our own lounge at the side of the reception and the food was delicious and plentiful, as much tea, of any kind, that you would like and two lovely cocktails, of your choice, as well.  i would recommend tophams to anyone for their afternoon tea.  very convenient situation close to victoria station.  the whole experience was excellent from my point of view.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or900-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Delightful afternoon tea at Tophams Hotel, Belgravia","There were 11 in our group for afternoon tea and the staff couldn't have been more helpful and accommodating.  We were offered a lounge area considering the number in our party which made it very intimate and cosy.  We had a disabled man in a wheelchair and a coeliac in our group and both commented on their positive experience.  The gluten free selection was better than expected, a great selection of teas and plenty of sandwiches and cakes.  The location is only a few minutes from Victoria Station and easy to find.  The staff were extremely friendly, always smiling and the sevice was excellent.  It was a special occasion for my sister's birthday and what is more important, she loved the whole experience.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or900-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't be fooled by website--the worst hotel in London!,"This is the scam--you see the lovely pictures and then when you arrive it's ""overbooked"" due to a computer error.  They then escort you down the street to the ""sister"" hotel which isn't fit for animals.We refused to go any further than the dark, dingy and damp front hall.  We are now in the process of reclaiming our money back through our credit card and I would encourage anyone else who has been mis-sold this hotel to do the same.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or900-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting filthy and smelly,"I was in London for one night on business and booked through LateRooms.com a week prior to my one night stay. On arrival the in the room I found the room small and damp smelling, The bed was broken and the matress dropped to the floor. On closer inspection there was also a filthy wet brown stained hand towel under the bed. They changed my room but I had to go away and walk around for a couple of hours until it was ready. The new room a TV with no remote control. The carpet in this room was filthy. The ""bathroom"" was so small that when sitting on the toilet ones knees touched the shower cubicle. In their defence the staff were very helpful. I had asked for someone to bring me a remote so I could use the TV and to boorow an iron to prepare for my Gala Night out. Neither the remote…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or900-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fabolous afternoon tea at The Tophams Hotel,"I booked to have afternoon tea at The Tophams Hotel while my Italian friend visited with his parent and was so happy I chose The Tophams. We were all totally blown away by the experience! The restaurant with an observatory was spacious and magnificent, bar area was cosy and welcoming unlike in some other big hotels, moreover Tophams is perfectly British and we couldn't get over how great the food was scones finger sandwiches, nor how much of it there was!  Even though it was not a  first afternoon tea in London for us we thought this was the best we have been to in London so far. It's really relaxed and cosy and the service is excellent, very attentive and they are very willing to bring more of whatever you need. Great selection of teas too. I would suggest booking later on in…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or900-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Take no notice of bad reviews already posted.My wife and I took afternoon tea on 8/6/12 and enjoyed every moment.Yes,the room is not very big but it is spotless and well furnished.All hotel staff in London are from overseas and the staff on this occasion were friendly helpful and attentive.The tea itself was fresh and well presented and our request for no butter in the sandwiches was understood and complied with.We will return.Peter Hall,Harlow.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or905-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Top tophams,"We ve stayed in a lot of central London hotels in the last few years. The reviews on here were off putting but the location and price, via superbreak, made us go for it. Very glad we did, we ll be using tophams again. 2 streets from Victoria, as quiet as any old building of the type can be, beautiful but relaxed interior, gorgeous little bar, perhaps not the intention but shabby chic at its most enjoyable. Food delightful if a little chaotic, purely due to size of breakfast room. Especial mention for Lucy the experienced, calm centre of a delightful hotel",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or905-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Where were the teapots?,"Why advertise cocktails in a teapot and then not do it?  Afternoon tea with a twist it was not!  The room was a dull brown, uncomfortable, crampt room that is not suitable for a relaxing afternoon tea - we were there no more than 45mins!!  The staff had poor english and seemed disinterested in the service of thir customers.  On leaving we asked to speak with the manager to ask about the lack of teapots.  When she came she was deffensive and totally unable to give a valid reason for why the cocktails were served in half pint tumblers??!!  She was not concerned that we were not satisfied and would not return.  Her English was very poor for a so called luxury hotel.  She was not prepared to take responsibility for advertising something and then not delivering it.  I would never…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or905-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Groupon afternoon tea with a twist,"ok, so this is the £24.00 deal for two afternoon tea and cocktails in a teapot - first there is no teapot so don't expect one. We were ok with cocktails although I know others have complained they weren't very good. Lots have already negatively mentioned the quality of the food etc but you have to remember it's all reflected in the price and to keep it all in perspective.  The service was reasonable, everyone was friendly and professional - no one made us feel un welcome. Yes, they pack 'em in on this deal in the room and you do feel like a contortionist getting in and out of your seat a space is limited... but everything is well presented and clean.  Why 4 stars if I'm not raving about how fantatsic it was? Well for the price we paid and for what it was it was good enough. We…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or905-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea with Cocktails,"Recently visited this hotel for Afternoon Tea with cocktails on a voucher deal.    The venue was beautifully designed and furnished, however, the afternoon tea experience was the worst I have ever had, both my friend and I could not eat the stuff.  Ham and cheese was cheap and nasty processed, cakes looked as if they were frozen and then defrosted and looked ghastly, scones hard and stale. The cocktails were like dish water, even after complaining and sending back at least three different ones the staff could not get it right, they were clueless.   My suggestion is to stick to what you are good at, it certainly is NOT the afternoon trade.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or905-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",fantastic Staff,"The staff could not be faulted even if you tried, even down to the dining room staff who seemed to be under a lot of pressure at the breakfast. The rooms are very clean and comfortable even though they are small.It is very convenient for all transport, with easy walks to main tourist sites.The reception staff seem to be the shining star of the hotel as nothing is to much trouble and they also seem to enjoy their work. A fair price for the accommation and would recomend it to all. Enjoy.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or910-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great value central London boutique hotel,"Stayed 3-4 times on business, each for one night. One of my favourite boutique and budget choices in London. Convenient location, well maintained rooms with good bathrooms, friendly staff. Rooms are small, but as a single business traveller ideal for a place for the night. Pippa Parker, Surrey.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or910-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",My new regular place to stay in London,"I have stayed at several hotels in central London in this price range and have to say that for cleanliness, comfort, convenience and style the Tophams Hotel beats them all. Ok, so the single rooms are a little small, but no smaller than similarly priced rooms in any other central London boutique hotel, and with a lot better sound proofing and design touches. Location is great, the street it is in is pretty and quiet with easy access to several tubes and close to many different restaurants and the shops just round the corner. With 24 hour security and solid doors I wasn't concerned for my belongings and myself either. WiFi is free in the lobby and rooms, breakfast pretty good value. Will definitely stay here again next time I'm in London on business. Eliza Mowicz, Holland.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or910-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good value for money in London.,"A good option in Belgravia area, great location! Close to 2 underground stations (just 5 to 10 min walk) and to St. James Park and Knightsbridge, besides being a few minutes walk to Buckingham Palace Rd. The attendants were very nice, can't complain about anything. The rooms are quite small, but comfortable and really, really clean! Very glad we had a small fridge incase we wanted to buy some food or beverages. Overall comfortable stay, will return. Laura Hardy, Portsmouth sweety_sugar@op.pl",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or910-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Thank you!,"We really enjoyed our stay. Neat and clean rooms, nice enough breakfast, perfect location, friendly staff! Are definitely coming back next year. Tom West, Midlands",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or910-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good Value for money.,"The hotel is in a nice location very central with plenty of choice for restaurants and bars. Walking distance from a tube station. Rooms are clean decent size. Service is good and staff very polite. Price is acceptable and good value for money in such a central location of London. Stephen Josh, London",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or915-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"I had booked with Groupon to have afternoon tea with my daughter.  Having read some of the reviews we were a bit apprehensive but in fact could not fault it.  For £12 per head you could not complain.  Three rounds of finger sandwiches, ten small cakes and two scones to share was more than enough.  The cocktails were ok and we could have had as much tea as we wanted.  Admitedly it was very quiet when we went so the room was not at all crowded, but the waitress was very helpful.  The only slight downside is that the receptionist gave the impression that she really couldn't care less about us, the hotel or her job. Luckily we had a great waitress so only a very minor grumble.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or915-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ideal for theatre break,"Hotel is clean and pleasant, which is very close to Victoria Train and underground station, but in a quiet street.  We had booked breakfast and was a little dissapointed that ours was only continental, which is a false economy on their part.  Room clean, with Flat screen TV (including built in DVD with complimentary DVD's available from reception). Tea and coffee (if you like Earl Grey) and a fridge.  Mattress was a little lumpy with springs being felt, but overall pleasant enough, bottom line is if you get a deal, the location is very handy for theatreland and the museums etc.  If we had paid anywhere near full price I would have less happy.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or915-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Appalling service,"Walking through the door the hotel looked very nice. The front of house staff, however, we're appallingly rude and very unwelcoming. Monosyllabic and scowls all round. When we arrived at our room most of the plaster on the bathroom walls and ceiling was falling off, and the fire escape door that opened from the bathroom into the street was rattling in the wind. Unhappy with the security risks and the poor state of the room, we asked to change room. More scowls from the reception staff. Our new room wasn't quite ready but the girl finishing off the house keeping was very pleasant. A shame that she was the only member of staff that was.  The room itself was tiny but clean, although the toiletries were definitely not 4*, very stingy sachet of shower gel and soap. Only one loo roll…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or915-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,Splendid afternoon tea! Had a great reception and it was a very delightful experience. Highly recommend!,Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or915-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Room was lovely, hotel is pleasant, but don't pay for breakfast!","I purchased my one night stay at the Tophams hotel via groupon for the very good price of £99. Also included in the price was a fried breakfast the following morning. Firstly, the location was lovely. Only a stones throw from Central London, around the corner from Buckingham Palace, and tucked away on a quiet street away from the hustle and bustle of Victoria Station, which is very close by. On arrival we were asked for a £50 security deposit, which the lady at reception (who was very friendly) said would be put back into my account a few days after check out. This is not made clear on the Tophams website, however I was aware that I would be asked to do this after reading reviews on the hotel.  I must say, reading many of the awful reviews on here did put me off and worry me…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or920-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great base for London Stay,"Hotel located in Westminster area 2 blocks from Victoria Station.  Room sizes are of European standard (aka smaller than U.S.).  Flatscreen TV, in-room fridge, AC/Heat.  Bed mattresses were a bit worn.  Area is VERY clean and secure.  Walking distance to Victoria Station provides you access to entire city and suburb trains. Victoria Coach Station also nearby for access to bus travel.  Lots of eatiers nearby and located just south of Buckingham Palace.  Staff was very courteous and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or920-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Think Twice,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel on 1st May 2012,  through Groupon,  for one night having had a good experience through Groupon in Milan in March this year.  Yes the hotel is in a good location but more Victoria than Belgravia, 5mins walk from Victoria Station.  The hotel reception made me think of a brothel when I walked in, there were at least 4 members of staff 'floating' about but the only other redeeming factor about this hotel apart from the location was that all the staff were friendly. I had requested a quiet room and was please to see we were on the 3rd floor thinking this was the top floor at it looked like that in the lift.  However just as we were getting into bed it sounded as though two baby elephants were above us pounding the floor for 1/2 hour, I realised…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or920-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - Groupon,"Went along on the Bank Holiday Monday along with a lot of others who needed to use their expiring vouchers!  Service was awful - waited 30 minutes to be served the food, with others being served around us who had arrived after us.  Cocktails were pathetic - watered down, in cheap tumblers with tacky straws.  'Crustless' sandwiches were hastily cut with half the crust still on them.  Scones were ok (stingy - one each with a tiny pot of jam to share).  Just about bearable for the cost of the voucher but would have felt robbed paying anywhere near full price.  Don't bother going.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or920-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very comfortable and well run hotel. Nothing is too much trouble.,A very comfortable and well run hotel staffed by beautiful women. The hotel has the ambience of a Paris Fashion House. I loved it. I stayed for three nights over a bank holiday weekend when the hotel was fully booked and very busy. But it did not feel busy because there were plenty of staff rostered for duty and everything happened instantly. It is close to Victoria Station making it very easy to get to any part of London.,Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or920-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","If you want a Ritz afternoon tea, go to the Ritz!","I brought this groupon deal a while a go for myself and 3 friends to go for afternoon tea and cocktails. I was slightly worried as a lot of people had written bad reviews about it. Well myself and my friends had a very enjoyable afternoon at the hotel and any worries i had went as soon as we were seated. We did have to wait a little while for somewhere to sit but i expected this as the tea room was very busy due to all the groupon dealers. We were shown into the bar area, where it was comfy and quiet. The waitress who was dealing with us couldnt have been nicer and extremely apologetic for the wait she explained to us what we would get for our deal and then took our drinks orders. Our cocktails came and they were lovely, i had noted that other reviewers had said there was no…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or925-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea with a Twist of snobbery,"As a person that likes a deal, I purchased a Groupon for my Fiance and I to attend ""Afternoon Tea with a Twist"" at Topham Hotel. I was chuffed at the deal price £24 - normal price £64.   Upon arrival we were told by the receptionists to go straight through the the Breakfast Room. The atmosphere in this room was very tense and uncomfortable. Wwe crossed the room to a table for 2 in the corner - just as we were about to sit down a waitress advised that table was reserved (there was no reservation card) and were asked to find another table. The tables were all very close together and you could hear other people's conversations, I'm not a particularly wide person, but at 6ft tall I do am long and had to reposition the table to make it comfortable for me to swing my legs under the…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or925-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't bother with the Groupon deal!,"Other people here today would have had a very different experience than us today, but our experience was much like the 1-star reviews on this site.   In a nutshell, we were completely ignored whilst others around us were being served efficiently. It felt ridiculous and embarrassing as we watched tables around us constantly served with tea and cocktails, and we sat stony-faced for about an hour before we ended up pulling the waitress over just so we could get some service. Perhaps she didn't like the look of us? The people around us arrived after us, got served before us and were regularly checked on. As for us? Well, we got our first cocktail quite quickly, but it quickly deteriorated after that as we sat waiting patiently.   Oh, and the Groupon angle they went for is 'tea with…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or925-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bad experience,"I attended afternoon tea at Tophams and was firstly appalled by the receptionist who greeted us. She was wearing very inappropriate clothing and my partner asked me was she a stripper. I told him no and avoided looking at her. We were shown to a 'cosy' room and seated. It was advertised boasting palaial echoes of picturesque surroundings! The room size would not have bothered me but the heat was unbearable due to so many people packed into the room. Our waitress was excellent and certainly the best part of the experience. The cocktails were watered down and warm and tables around us were complaining. We politely inquired to why the cocktail list was different from that listed previous and were told they had been changed. The sandwiches were hard, the bread slightly stale and the…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or925-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea !!!,"We too were worried about all the comment !, We had a lovely time food was presented well, a little disappointed that the cocktails were not served as expected in teapots but that's just a tiny moan. Overall we had a nice relaxed afternoon tea , I would recommend it.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or925-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We were initially worried about the afternoon tea after reading all the negative reviews but all I can say is 'what do people expect for £12??!!' We were seated straight away, Our tea and cocktails arrived soon after, shortly followed by the food. There was a good selection of food and we were all pleasantly surprised after initially expecting the worst. The cocktails tasted nice and although they were not in teapots as advertised, it did nt matter to us. Staff were friendly. There is only one toilet but as soon as there was a queue they let us use one in a bedroom. All in all we had a great time and were really pleased with our afternoon tea. We paid £12 and we felt that this was more than good value. If you going expecting standards like those at the Ritz you will be…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or930-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cosy & Clean,"It is central. 3 mins walk to Victoria Station, along a quiet and up market aread. Friendly staff who are willing to help.  We were there as a large grp and the staff had patience to accommodate us and our requests.  The hotel is clean and luxuriously decorated.  A homely feel for the one week we were there. Rooms are clean and each room are uniquely decorated with different colour schemes.  A well maintained place but lift to higher floor rooms can only accommodate 3 pax each time.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or930-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good for the price,"Conveniently located near Victoria Station. Clean rooms but small. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Not a palace but a good value for the price, especially considering London Hotel prices",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or930-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea Groupon Offer,"Very enjoyable afternoon, would recommend this deal but definitely as a special offer.  Lovely hotel and great location, but felt we were squashed into the room we were in.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or930-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Relieved we got a nice room after reading bad reviews,"I booked this through late rooms as seemed in a good location and at a good price, however I did it the wrong way around and read the reviews after I had booked it. I immediately tried to cancel the booking after reading the reviews however was told it was none refundable and there was nothing we would do. I was very worried as was travelling with my heavily pregnant friend. I made several calls to the hotel to ensure that we would have an ensuite room and everything would be ok for my friend. So we decided to give it a go and we had booked a premier inn as standby in case it was awful.    We arrived and the receptionists were very pleasant and offered us fruit to eat whilst we were checking in. Both of us having all the bad reviews going round in our heads at this stage. We…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or930-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worthy of the Groupon Offer,We were pleasantly surprised by the afternoon tea considering the negative reviews made by the 5 previous reviewers. The tea was totally worth what we had paid for it via a groupon offer. Staff were attentive and polite. Would recommend this but only at the groupon price.,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or935-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Central to the Theatrs,"Travel from Anglesey as a group of friends to go see Billy Eliot - which was fantastic and Theatr very very close to the Hotel.. our room had twin beds and on ground floor, It was lovely and clean and met our needs, two other rooms were occupied by our friends and one was a double room and the other a suit, both was lovely, didnt eat at the Hotel only because there were ample other places near that we wanted to discover.  Distance to Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station was nothing to be honest. Glad I found the Tophams, will defo be using it again.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or935-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Be Very Careful,"Stayed 14th November - company prepaid but still asked to provide Card Guarantee of £50. Checked out early on Tuesday morning, ( to travel to Europe ), and told there was no charges. I discovered that despite the No Charge reassurance at check out Tophams had taken an unauthorised payment of £19.95 on the Friday 18th November - 4 days after checked out and at a time when I was not even in the UK. Despite several conversations and emails Tophams claimed they had no record of the unauthorised transaction, which continued even after I supplied a copy of my Bank statement. Two weeks ago they eventually advised the unauthorised transaction was payment for an English Breakfast. An English Breakfast I did not have and even if I had that breakfast the booking was pre-paid and…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or935-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very enjoyable afternoon tea,"Having read some of the reviews of the afternoon tea at Tophams my daughter and I were somewhat apprehensive about what to expect. But we were so pleasantly surprised that I felt I had to write a review.The room where the tea was served was bright, cheerful and comfortable and I would not say the tables were particularly close together - has the reviewer who posted that comment ever been to a French restaurant?? We were brought the cocktail menu as soon as we sat down and the first of our two (pretty good) cocktails were served very quickly - in glasses yes but the same glasses that you would see in any bar - nothing wrong with them at all. Cheap straws? I obviously move in the wrong circles - they looked fine to me! The sandwiches, scones and cakes arrived well presented on a…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or935-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic value & service - pleasantly surprised,"I went with friends on the Groupon afternoon tea deal. A great afternoon - was a bit worried after reading other reviews. We had a great time - service was fantastic: ample food for 2 - sandwiches; scones & cakes - we couldn't finish everything!  We enjoyed it so much that we asked about getting a deal if we came back & booked direct with hotel.  If regular price is £60 as advertised by groupon then I feel that is excessive for what's on offer. However we paid £24 for 2 of us and had 2 cocktails each, a good selection of sandwiches, scones & cakes. Can't complain  ",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or935-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"I went with 3 friends for the afternoon tea with a twist. The atmosphere was relaxed & unhurried. We were offered a selection of cocktails which were served with a generous portion of sandwiches (3 varieties), cakes and scones. All four of us ate until we were ready to burst & there was still food left over!   Service was attentive & despite being busy we were not hurried or ignored. Excellent value for money & I will definately go back again! ",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or940-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ok but wouldn't go back,"I booked through LateRooms.com for one night in April 2012. After seeing some of the reviews I was concerned but decided to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt!   Our double room was very small but had been recently decorated, so it was well presented. The bathroom was also recently decorated. The toiletries weren't as promised - there was only one small bottle of shower gel and shampoo and a mini soap - and not the nice brand as stated. Both were very masculine smelling but luckily I'd brought some of my own! You could tell that they cut corners when refurbishing the rooms (- little details like the blind in the bathroom got soaking wet, as it was in the shower!).  The bed was very spongey and also you could feel some of the springs, so not a particularly good night's…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or940-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A Great Superbreak Deal,We combined this centrally located hotel with a show for an enjoyable Easter weekend.  The hotel was clean and attractively decorated.  The neighbourhood is pleasant with assorted restaurants and shops.  Walking distance from Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or940-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Delightful surprise in Central London.,"I stayed at the Tophams Hotel with my son, having found it at the last moment. The room were very nicely decorated, the bathroom amazing, all the amenities were the best. Service was top-notch. It's half a block away from Victoria, location couldn't be better. But it's also very quiet and you canget a good night's sleep. The restaurant is quaint and has very nice food. It was packed for the Afternoon Tea thus it most be extremely popular. Anna Walker, London.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or940-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Find!,"My husband and I stayed at the hotel from April 5th-8th. We booked though their own website and our package included Full English breakfast daily. The location was amazing! Very central. Victoria tube station was 1/2 a block away and bus stops right there too. The room was large for London standards and while the bathroom was very modern and laid out perfectly. The housekeeping was excellent. The room was spotless and cleaned very well. The staff were all friendly, attentive and extremely helpful. This was our first time staying in a small, boutique hotel and we really enjoyed it. We would definitely stay here again. Thank you Tophams Hotel! Kirsty Large, London",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or940-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not again,"arriving at midnight, i was hoping for a straight forward check in. This was not to be, as the member of staff on the desk insisted that he was trying to find us 'the best room and kept us waiting 20 minutes'. When questioned about this is transpired that someone was sleeping in the twin room we had booked, and that they were trying to find an alternative.  Having lugged our cases up and down and then up more stairs (the lift only seems to go to some levels) we realised we had been given a double room with a camp bed squeezed in which was as hard as a board. The double not being much better. A very poor nights sleep ensued and i was so appalled that i didn't even bother with breakfast. The hotel has apparently undergone a multi million pound make over but i am at a loss to see…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or945-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Worst tea I've ever had, even with the groupon deal it's a waste of time...","I never write reviews to complain about things, but I wish somebody had warned me...therefore I am taking the time to write this! Honestly don't waste your time or money. The tea really is awful from start to finish.  The tea room lacks and sort of ambience and the tables are squashed together in the tiny room. No music. I was sat around 12"" away from the next table and was facing the breakfast area, where the cereal was still on display!  The cocktails are NOT served in teapots as advertised. They are in cheap unmatched glasses with cheap straws.  The tiny cakes look and taste like they have come from Iceland-straight out the freezer-soggy tasteless.  The sandwiches were equally bland and cheap. I didn't bother eating and left hungry!  No refills offered on anything at all,…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or945-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mixed bag,"Not really sure what I think of this hotel in all honesty. I've never had such mixed feelings for a review. I needed a cheap one night stay near Victoria at short notice. The price was good, I didn't need fancy so I took a risk although the reviews on trip advisor did give me concern.  I arrived before 11:00 am on Sunday morning expecting to drop of my bag and check in later. A room was ready but it was not the En suite single I had booked. The receptionist assured me it was En suite but the bathroom was next door and might have to be shared with another guest. I kid you not! It was only for one night, I had places I needed to be and didn't really have the time or energy to look elsewhere so decided to check out the room.  The room was fine. It was clean and so was the 'en suite…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or945-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea - really not up to the standard I was expecting,"We turned up at the Topham hotel for a late afternoon tea, we had booked it ahead (with a bit of difficulty) and my partner and I were looking forward to it after a hard days shopping!!  The first thing we noticed was the amount of tables crammed into the room, I would say I'm a large person but I had trouble getting between the tables and not knocking peoples tables as I went past. My partner went to freshen up in the cloak room, after 10 minutes I was wondering where she had got to, had she done a runner i wondered? No she appeared and informed me that there was only ONE cloak room for the Afternoon tea guests which was down a flight of stairs at the end of a narrow corridor that not even two anorexic models could squeeze past.  I asked to move as we found the table we had…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or945-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst Afternoon Tea ever- DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME,"I have never written a review before, but after attending Afternoon Tea here on 1st April, I feel compelled to inform people of my experience at this hotel. I had purchased a Groupon Deal for me and my mum to attend. We were the 12 o'clock sitting and were seated in the middle of the room. First appearances seemed nice, although we were very cramped, it seemed pleasant at first. Fifteen minutes after being seated, a waitress finally greeted us. After confirming we would like our cocktails first, she brought the menu over. Ten minutes after this, she pops by again. We order our drinks, and she tells us that they are out of an ingredient, so cannot make a number of the cocktails. As my mum doesn't like rum, she had to settle for a standard vodka and orange- after declining the…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or945-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Groupn Deal - Buyers Beware - The Worst Afternoon Tea in London,"Having booked this deal recently and attended afternoon tea on Tues 27th March, I feel it is only fair that other future customers be made aware of the completely misleading and disappointing service offered by Tophams.   The whole difference of the deal offered by anyone buying the Groupon Deal (Afternoon Tea with a Twist) is the 'twist' being the cocktails with Tea served in teapots. A novelty none the less. This is not the case and is NOT what you get. Cocktails are served in half pint glasses with plastic straws and when questioned the staff stated the 'teapots are for tea, we have decided not to have cocktails in teapots as glasses are better.'   Also the cocktails, I use the term loosely, where un drinkable and disgusting! We ordered a pina colada each initially, simple in…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or950-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Impossibly small single room, good location","The hotel is in a great location - 2 mins walk from Victoria which is very convenient. It has clearly gone through some refurbishment and looks a little fresher than many central London hotels.   The reception is a little awkward as it is a small room with only one desk and one person to check you in - though there were always 3 people there - only one check-in could happen at a time. That was a little annoying when arriving at the same time as other people.   The breakfast was average - nothing fancy - as you would expect with a Continental B'fast there was toast, cereal and fruit. The breakfast area is a little pokey so getting between the tables without knocking things off is nearly impossible. I am not sure why they dont just remove 3 tables and save themselves the problem…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or950-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't miss this little gem,"If you want a big plastic hotel theat could be in any city in the world then don't stat here. If you want big bedrooms then don't choose a hotel in a beautiful Georgian Terrace in one of the most exclusive and best locations in London. I stay at TOPHAMS regularly twice a year and my experience is always consistently excellent. The staff are plentiful and without exception go out of their way to make your stay personal and easy. The breakfast USA great start to the day and the recent introduction of the cream tea is a real feast in itself. The rooms are all well appointed and every bathroom different. Smallish but well appointed. All we need to,provide are tissues! What could be better that being one minute from Victoria Stn which is one of the best transport hubs in the city as…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or950-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"I recently bought a package through Groupon as a treat to stay in this hotel to celebrate an anniversary. We had a lovely stay, the hotel was well located and the food and staff were great. The room was not that big but clean and well appointed. If we need to stay in central London again we'll be back",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or950-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Anniversary Disaster,"We had spent our honeymoon at the Ebury Court Hotel, the former name of Tophams, 45 years ago and it was excellent. Subsequently, we came back together and I visited alone when on business, each visit was an agreeable experience with wonderful food served. We planned this visit for our anniversary - what a mistake!! Standards have fallen dramatically especially the food served.  Our room was clean but 29 degrees C / 90ish; hardly a sign room staff had checked the room. When we tried to make a drink, no spoons ( not a big issue but sign of laxity! ) and only two thin pillows with no spares in the room. Poor for any hotel.  We had arranged to have a meal with our son a his wife and were told it was a 3 course fixed meal. Asked to pre order we did so. However, when we sat down we…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or950-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nice hotel, but do not eat there!!","I booked a night's stay and 3 course meal through the recent Groupon offer. The check-in went smoothly, the staff are ok not great but not bad, at this point anyway. The room was lovely....we were in room 104, and I'm assuming the newer more recently refurbished section of the hotel. For a 'boitique' hotel, this room was an average size but with a larger than expected ensuite. The room was very clean and the amenities all there- minibar, tea/coffee facilities, hairdryer, iron/ironing board, Telly with great choice of channels. The bathroom toiletries were severely lacking in that we were given just a tiny shampoo and nothing else! Defo not what I'd expect from a 4-star. So bring shower gel etc! But that was one disadvantage in an otherwise lovely room. We went down to dinner for…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or955-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing Afternoon Tea,"We had a table for 4 booked with a Groupon voucher.  We turned up at 3.50 and was shown our table immediately.  Our heart sank when we went into the room!  Firstly because of low ceilings and the glass dome the room was very hot.  We were asked what cocktails we would like as part of the deal and we all had Pina Colada's.  The cocktails themselves tasted nice but the glasses were just normal hi-ball ones and took part of the pleasure of having a cocktail away.  Then came in another table of four, they informed their waitress that they had a groupon voucher and was asked by her if they wanted a cocktail or would they like a glass of Champagne instead!  We were never given the choice and during the tea we noticed a lot of tables were having the Champagne.  We would have had that…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or955-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Appalling - Beware the room scam,"Myself and four colleagues used this hotel for two nights from 22nd to 24th March 2012. Our admin staff had booked us five ensuite rooms via laterooms.com. We arrived at different times. The first two got rooms at Tophams which they were happy with. The second two were asked to share a suite as staff claimed the hotel was full. They refused and were offered rooms with shared bathroom (presumably at No 50). They still refused were eventually given two double ensuite rooms. I arrived separately and was taken to a shabby, smelly, tiny, disgusting room at No. 50. I went back to reception and threw a complete hissy fit and was given the large and very nice suite to myself.  We think that they take prepaid bookings, and then when you arrive, try to put you anywhere they can so that…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or955-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",stayed here lots of times,"I often stay here as my company uses it for its employees and for the most part it is always very nice, comfortable, helpful staff.  could improve the TV reception in some rooms.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or955-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Superb.,"I took my nieces for a stay at the hotel as a birthday treat (they are both in their thirties) and we couldn't have had a nicer time.The rooms were freshly decorated with really comfortable beds and every facility-the staff were very curteous and attentive and the food was superb. We were allowed to leave our luggage in my room when we arrived,despite being early, and were allowed to leave it safely with the hotel once we had checked out which allowed us to enjoy London unencumbered. The hotel is situated prfectly between Victoria and the tube- just a five minute walk to each and a really lovely friendly pub was just around the corner. Despite being so handy for everything, the street itself is very quiet and peaceful and the standard of service we recieved was nothing short of…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or955-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,Very disappointed after booking Afternoon Tea as a treat via a Groupon Deal.  We were booked in at 2.00pm and had to wait 55 minutes to be seated.  They had clearly over booked.  Staff not very apologetic.  Room was very noisey and had too many tables in it waitresses could hardly move around to serve food and drinks.  Standard of the food was average.  Cocktails were supposed to be served in tea pots but were in glasses and had very little alcohol!  Would not recommend it.,Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or960-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing hotel,"I went to the hotel with my boyfriend having bought a voucher via Groupon and were expecting a 4 star standard. However upon arrival we were asked to wait aside and had prompt the staff to be seen and allocated a room. The room itself would have had nice furnishings if it was not for the damage (cracked mirrors, water damage on ceiling, lights not working, draw wouldn't close etc...). The room was also very compact- not much room to circulate and really stuffy- we had to get them to turn the heating down twice to make feel as least comfortable in the room.  The 3 course meal, which was included as part of our stay, looked quite basic on the menu but was actually very tasty and worth the price we paid.   Another complaint would be on the security deposit of £50 which they…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or960-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",In a word... Excellent.,"I would without a doubt highly recommend Tophams Hotel to anyone.  The staff, facilities, restaurant and rooms are exceptional in standard.  If you do one thing in 2012, visit Tophams, you won't regret it!",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or960-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",More luck than judgement,Difficult review this one as we booked this hotel up hurriedly on the way to London staying that night via late rooms then read the reviews. Oh dear we thought and started to panic rang late rooms back up to say hopefully we could cancel due to the negative reviews they have had. Lateroom's got straight onto the case but called back five minutes later to ask that the manager was not in until tomorrow so we MAY end up paying even if we didn't stay. So I blamed the poor old husband and he took the ear bashing. We went and had a great day out then decided to check in to see what we had let ourselves in for.  Firstly we arrived to see a notice on the front door to check in at Tophams Hotel no 28 instead of No 50 which annoyed me as we had walked back and lets face was this place was…,Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or960-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location on quiet street,The hotel overall was very nice and the rooms well appointed and nicely furnished however quite small rooms - no need to put in quite so much furniture. Could have lost a chair and a desk/table in order to have more room for manoeuvering!  Went to bar for a glass of wine to be told they only served sparkling wine and cocktails not normal wine - bizarre!!!,Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or960-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Groupon value,"As part of her Christmas present, I bought my wife a night in this allegedly 4* hotel.  We thought we would have a drink in the ""in house bar"", as advertised on the website. Yes, there is bar, with glasses on shelves, but no staff and no drinks.  I summoned someone from reception and ordered a whisky...No.  I tried wine...No.  In fact they had no alcohol.  Not strictly true, because the Groupon deal included a glass of Champagne.  No, it was warm and the lass admitted that it was Spansh, so not Champagne!  Illegal misrepresentation.  Then to dinner, and the website proudly offers ""in house dining"".  No, sir, no wine list...and no wine.  After a bit of a tussle a lass was sent down to a nearby off licence and came back with a bottle of Chardonnay.  It was disgusting, and when we…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or965-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The Tophams Hotel - restaurant with no wine,"First impressions on going into the hotel are very good.  Reception staff were very friendly and helpful.  The actual hotel accomodation was quite nice.  Rooms furnished tastefully, although ours was a little cramped and very hot.  So far, so good. We had our meal booked for 7.30pm (having preordered from a limited menu on a ""romantic 3 course meal with champagne"" deal with Groupon).  We went to the bar at 7pm, which was not staffed, so we had to ask in reception for drinks.  We were brought our complimentary glass of champagne.  After making our way to our table, we asked for wine with our meal.  Nope, don't have any wine.  WHAT???!!!!  have you ever ever ever been to a restaurant in a four star hotel in London that doesn't serve wine?.  Ridiculous - bordering on the Faulty…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or965-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea for two,"I bought a reduced price afternoon tea-for-two ticket last November and finally used it before expiry yesterday.  Having read some of the reviews, I was a little concerned that this would not be the birthday treat I had hoped for and that I and my friend would be disappointed.  Though this was not a grand hotel experience, it was perfectly adequate.  The waitresses were busy but efficient.  The food was fresh and tasty - finger sandwiches and dainty cakes as well as a scone with cream and jam.  The ambience in the small dining room was cosy and positive.  The tea was freshly made, not stewed.  We finished off our high tea with a glass of champagne each.  This is not The Ritz, so if you manage your expectations, you will enjoy a perfectly adequate afternoon tea experience.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or965-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This hotel is in no way worth the money,"My husband and I were given a nights stay and dinner for his birthday from groupon. The value stated on the voucher was £264.00, which is ridiculous!!! The bedroom was tiny, hot and not entirely finished. The bathroom had an unfinished window and damp on the ceiling.   For the meal we were offered a choice of three main meals, only one of them being vegetarian (unlucky for me). Our starters were brushcettas, which were dry baguette with tinned mushrooms, soft cheese and salmon garnished with dry cucumber. Main meals had been microwaved and again garnished with dry cucumber. Dessert was tinned fruit salad, with was awful.   With the voucher we were also promised a glass of champagne, when it arrived we asked for an additional bottle and it was cava!!!   On top of that a dreadful…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or965-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tea at Tiophams,"A Champagne Tea for us at Tophams Hotel was a Christmas Present.  Having seen the tea room on the internet, we were a little apprehensive and arrived not knowing quite what to expect or we might be the only couple choosing to have tea as a late lunch.  A real Royal Welcome was given by everyone at the Tophams Hotel as they led us through to the last remaining table in the crowded Dining Room.   The Waitress cam over and immediately made a wonderful suggestion that we might be more comfortable in the Bar / Lounge. It was certainly more comfortable for us in the cozy and homely Lounge.  We were more interested in Coffee and Tea rather than the Champagne which we gave to another Couple in the restaurant.   A tiered display of Freshly prepared Finger Sandwiches, Delicious Warm…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or965-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Traumatic tea,"Was really looking forward to our tea day Christmas present. Despite the fact we had pre booked and had an email reservation the assistant demanded we get a bar code to be scanned. As it was a present we had to ring our friend at work, get her to go home and get her log in details to the groupon ap, download the ap to our phones, which we had to go outside for since there was no Internet, we were panicking because our phone battery was low, and once we had sight of this barcode they were looking for we were told their scanner wasn't receiving it. After 50 mins of this fiasco they finally said our code worked.  We were in a small conservatory, we had to keep moving our chairs to let people pass. Very squashed in. We had a few sandwiches, one sandwich sliced up into fingers each,…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or970-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely hotel and staff who cannot do enough,"I have stayed regularly at this hotel for almost a year now and I cannot understand some of the less favourable reviews! Location is fantastic and quiet; the staff are always courteous and cannot help enough; and the rooms clean and comfortable with toiletries and tea/coffee-making facilities. I cannot bear the uht 'milk' provided in most hotel rooms but I ask for fresh milk and staff here always happy to oblige. For my most recent stay they upgraded me to a huge double room and when I found the tv not working, they immediately moved me to an equally nice room rather than have me wait for the maintenance person. Breakfast is buffet style and includes fresh fruit salad and delicious croissants. This hotel is a gem!",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or970-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good for Non-Business Traveler,"Unlike some of the reviews I read here, I thought the service at this hotel was overall very good.  Staff was accommodating and friendly.  As a business traveler however, not sure this would have been my first choice.    My room was extremely small, my colleagues room was a bit larger, but that's not that unusual in a city like London.  The problem was more that there weren't any business amenities, like a working printer for example.  I also had to dry my hair leaning over the bed since there was no plug in the bathroom.  No news other than BBC1 on the TV and the continental breakfast was very sparse.    There was very little room to get any work done, but internet was included which was nice.  The hallways were very small and difficult to get around with luggage.  I was there…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or970-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon Tea for 2,"Where do i start - My daughter gave My wife and i a present of a 'Champagne afternoon Tea for 2 via Groupon, and the wife decided that it would be good for her sister and partner to join us, so we booked another thru Groupon and booked for the Sunday the 19th Feb so before we went looked at some of the reviews which did'nt do it any justice and said it can't be all that bad, so we went with an open mind - The Reception area is pretty small and the toilets or should i say toilet serving the whole of the ground floor is unisex therefore always in use. We was shown to our table on time and received our room temperature Champagne about 10 minutes later - Plates and cutlery missing on table, Tea and coffee came along 20 minutes after the Champagne and the Finger sandwiches and cakes…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or970-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mixed emotions,"The hotel is very well placed with a great exterior and very pleasant and helpful staff. It has the makings of a nice little bijou hotel BUT The dinner shouldn't really have that title- the hotel can provide supper. They also had no wine! We had a complimentary glass of champagne (Groupon offer) and bought one more each. The waitress went off to check if there was wine and came back to say that they didn't have any. Most strange. Our room was small but nicely reburbished with a clean and pleasant bathroom and small dressing table. Unfortunately, the bed hadn't been refurbished and it was like sleeping on a trampolene. We decided not to have breakfast there but at a lovely little deli up the road. The hotel has potential- but it has a long way to go yet!",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or970-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Gorgeous hotel, but the restaurant food/menu needs a little work...","Our night's stay and a 3 course dinner with champagne was included as part of a Christmas gift off the in-laws. We arrived on Saturday lunchtime and there were about 5 other guests waiting to check in. As our room wasn't quite ready and there was a bit of a queue the friendly receptionist offered to take our bag upto the room and we could go off into London to enjoy the afternoon and come back when we were ready, which was a relief that we didn't have to cart our bags about all day. Upon check-in we were told we had been upgraded to a deluxe suite as it was an anniversary trip for me and my husband. Our room was just lovely, 3rd floor (room 303) so away from street noise, beautifully decorated, furniture was a bit shabby round the edges but I find this endearing. The shower room…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or975-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No idea where to start!!!!!,"I was in the reception at this hotel when the reviewer below voiced their disappointment to the receptionist and agree totally with the comment that they were ignored. The hotel is badly managed, badly maintained and the staff are atrocious. So where to start. The room my children stayed in had water stains on the ceiling, damp carpet near the fridge, we are not sure if this was as a result of a leaking bathroom or fridge. We requested an extra bad for a night and I eventually had to put it outside the room as it wasn't removed a day after it was used....we then had to move the bed from in front of the bedroom door for 2 days as that is where it stayed and the children couldn't get in or out of the bedroom without moving the bed. On about day 3 of a very long week stay my…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or975-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea at Tophams Hotel was awful,"I can't really reccommend Tophams Hotel for afternoon tea because it's really very bad.   We bought a voucher from Living Social (which we've had some really good deals from until now) for afternoon tea with champagne in what sounded like the classy surroundings of a Belgravia hotel. I've no idea what the hotel itself is like as we were stuck in a tiny room which looked and felt like an extension on the side of someone's house. I could barely get in my chair to sit down as the tables were so close together, it took some maneuvering of the table itself just to get sat down. The ""champagne"" clearly wasn't champagne and was warm too. The very small finger sandwiches were a little dry but ok (although the fillings weren't madly inspiring... the cucumber and cheese & tomato were very…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or975-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Superficial,"We stayed at the Topham Hotel last night and our room was on the 3rd floor.  We were greeted by friendly staff and given our room.  We arrived at 11am so were pleased to be allowed into our room early.  The room was very bright and clean and newly decorated.  Excellent bathroom and furnishings... apart from the bed!  The bed was clean but like lying on a layer of tennis balls with springs between them!!  Lumpy, bumpy, creeky and tilting to the left so that my husband had to cling on to the edge to stop from falling off!!  Our two cups were dirty and chipped.  We phoned to have these replaced whilst we went off for the day.  We returned 4 hours later and the cups were still dirty.  Phoned through our displeasure and these were replaced within 10 minutes so no problems there.  We…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or975-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again!!,"We were bought a night at this (4*) hotel with a champagne dinner as a lovely thoughtful gift for christmas.. On arrival we thought it looked modern and we were looking forward to the evening ahead.. Check in was a painful process with the receptionist saying she was extremely tired because she'd been here since morning..It only went down hill from there! Our room was tiny and FREEZING cold, there were damp stains on the ceilings and stains on the carpets, we had a fire exit door in our bathroom which added to the low temperature of the room! We headed for our champagne dinner...we were shown into a room small enough to be someone's living room, we had pre ordered our menu for the dinner at the hotels request earlier in the week. Dinner was awful..the bruschetta starter was dry…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or975-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Horrendous,My husband and I booked this hotel via a Groupon voucher which included a night's accommodation and a 3 course dinner.  We bought two vouchers and planned for 2 nights in January 2012.  When we arrived for our reservation we gave our reservation number (noted down in my diary).  We then got in to an argument with the duty manager who had our reservation starting the next night.  All we had was the reservation number and not the email confirmation.  She refused to check their reservations emails and sent us home at 10pm with no hotel room.  She insisted there was no way their reservations team would allow a groupon voucher for a Fri and Sat night.  We were also expecting a dinner at the hotel included with our voucher and even though we called in advance to check on the closing…,Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or980-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Living Social Champagne Deal,"A truly awful experience. £28 special deal from Living Social for tea and Champagne for two. Sounds nice....wrong. It's truly dreadful. Upon arrival you are ushered into a small room away from the hotel and their guests. It's a purpose built extension, no character - more like a pub function room. I am sure if you are a voucher holder and seen talking to one of the paid guests you'd be marched off the premises! There is no cloakroom - you are packed into a room so tight, you cannot move once you have sat down. The waitresses (try hard) kept knocking peoples coats off the backs of their chairs, while other customers squeeze by trying not to knock your cutlery off your table.  The champagne was not chilled - we asked for English Breakfast tea and got Earl Grey. No sugar on table,…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or980-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",well worth knowing about,"Welcoming friendlly staff, a very comfortable smart and clean bedroom. A few housekeeping glitches - no coffee, jusr decaff and tea in room, loose tile on bathroom floor hence very good rather than excellent. Good value at booking website prices, less so if booked direct. I liked it a lot.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or980-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Horrible Experience- Never go there!,"This hotel was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  On arrival it was clear that the staff was unorganised and when asked how much the afternoon tea was, there was an actual argument at the front desk among the staff. Once booked in the room we received had a damp smell (not unlike England though, but would have thought a 4* hotel would not tollerate such an odour).  There were various items in the hotel room that were not up to standard; there was a door knob missing, the shower door did not close, there was no milk for coffee.  The following morning we headed to breakfast as the deal we bought included breakfast, but on arrival we were addressed in front of the dining room by a member of staff telling us that we were not allowed breakfast.  Once she checked on the…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or980-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location.... everything else was horrible!,"Our recent stay in London at the Tophams Belgravia was a huge disappointment and unacceptable.  I booked a 4 star property…  this hotel does not compare to the description.   I witnessed many people complaining to the staff, and trying to cancel their reservations due to the unacceptable condition of the hotel. I actually felt sympathy for the staff, as it was obvious that dealing with unhappy customers was a common occurrence… they seemed browbeaten.  They seemed to rely upon each other as they  hunkered down behind the desk, holding firm on whatever direction their phantom Management forced upon them.   Upon arrival, we were happy with the location and our initial impression, both the exterior and entry area, were very nice.  Upon going to the initial room assigned, we learned…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or980-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ripped-off,"I booked into Tophams Hotel using their own website for a dble standard room £163.80 paying a  deposit of £19.66. When I arrived at the hotel at 6pm on 6th December they promptly debited the balance and then, only then, told me that they were overbooked and did not have a room for me. They walked me  to dirty dank doss-house further down Ebury Street; when I declined to go in, on account of the smell, they offered me alternative accommodation at 'another 4 star hotel' which they owned at Knightsbridge Green. They offered to pay for the taxi. I had no other options so agreed to go. The Knightsbridge Hotel would not get two stars, never mind 4; cigarette burns in the bedding, torn lino, cold tap seized, no wifi, mini bar, cable, drinking water, third of a roll of lavatory paper,…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or985-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely on the surface -Completely overrated underneath,"We booked the Topham's hotel on a special occasion, and were looking forward to it. The hotel looks lovely -boutique style, rooms look nice, staff friendly... But scratch that surface, and you come across small rooms, a bed so soft you sink in it sitting down, a cold bathroom (made of old beautiful stones but not thought through for cold winters), a restaurant that although serving nice food, feels more like a cantine and doesn't serve alcohol (nor does the bar?)... And the little things that make a difference... are non-existent: bathroom products are limited, only one toilet paper roll, tea but no milk, etc... Being familiar with 3 to 5* hotels, one can safely say that this one is far overrated, way overpriced -prices of a 4*- for really what overall is just about a 2*,…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or985-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Good location, not much else in its favour.","To start with the good, this hotel is very conveniently located for Victoria station. That is about all in its favour.  Having checked in, I took my luggage up to the room and had barely set foot in the room before the fire alarm was ringing. This was a minor inconvenience as I was planning to head straight back out anyway. When it happened again at seven o'clock the following morning I was less amused, especially when informed by a member of staff that it had been set off by someone having a shower.  The room was quite poky, with no space to stand a standard sized suitcase that didn't prevent walking round the room. There was space on top of the chest of drawers, but this then impeded the view of the television.  I don't think the television had been retuned any time soon…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or985-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Superb Service,"My husband brought me here for the night for my recent birthday. From themoment we checked in to the moment we left the service was superb. I can befussy about hotels, noticing small things that I would comment upon, but Ihad no negative comments to make at all about this one. The service was veryfriendly and personal without being OTT. Our room was large and comfy.Dinner in the restaurant was delicious, and the staff wished me happybirthday at every opportunity. I even received a card from them on the dayof my actual birthday. I would definitely stay here again when theopportunity arises. Loved it !  Tiina Hurt S. Suffolk",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or985-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Whatever you do - dont stay here - I didn't!,"Booked through lastminute by assistant at work - looked OK on the web Arrived in reception looked OK - staff friendly, process swift. Alarm bells where ringing when on being shown to the room - was led out into the street and to a doorway about 6 doors down the road. Door unlocked and led up some pitch black steps up to a horrendous, dirty, worn and damp smelling room - I refused to stay and walked back to reception - was offered an alternative single room in the main 'hotel' - which wasn' en-suite - I declined and they arranged to put me up in sister hotel in Knightsbridge - which was also poor but too tired to complain at this point. Funny how staff did not seem suprised at reaction to room - suspect it has happened before on more than one occasion",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or985-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ver y Disappointing,"I've booked the hotel via Grupon thinking to myself I was gettin a great deal! 4 star hotel, 3 course meal, champagne! Wow! I was brought to reality as soon as we walked in... Customer service was very unproffesional. The lady who checked us in was very rude, not only to us but also towards other staff who seemed very disorganised and stressed out. We were told that the hotel doesn't contact heir guests regarding their meal choices although I had clearly received an email asking what we would like to eat and at what time. We were told we couldn't have a dinner at our chosen time (6-7pm) and we would have to wait till 9pm as the restaurant is fully booked.  We were offered to have our meal in our room. We agreed thinking there will be enough room for a table and couple of charis.…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or990-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Do not stay at this hotel, you will be disappointed...","Do not stay at this hotel, you will be disappointed.  I have recently stayed at Tophams Hotel after booking an offer billed as a “Romantic stay for two” at Tophams 4* Hotel with champagne meal. It turns out that although it was a lovely gesture, Tophams could not hold their end of the deal…  The service we received was sub-standard, the restaurant served microwave meals, the room left much to be desired and to top it off, the champagne was actually sparkling white wine.  We were lucky we had the luxury of going home that night as we live in London anyway but for young professionals like ourselves who considered this to be a real treat, it was a major disappointment. The hotel obviously can not provide the service it is offering and the staff seemed oblivious to the poor running…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or990-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice decor shame about everything else.,We used a groupon voucher to stay in london for my fainces birthday weekend. Staff were friendly on arrival and let us use the luggage room as we couldn't check in until 1300 which we were grateful for.  When we did check in we were told we had been upgraded to deluxe double room 4 which we were excited about. The decoration was nice and room adequate. Only problem was that it had a real draft as was at the very front of hotel next to reception and extremely noisy. You can hear the front door going which appeared to be opening and shutting all through the night. The linen delivery van also turned up at 0700am and was extremely noisy parked right outside our room. It also unfortunately seemed to be where everyone went outside to smoke so there was always a strong cigarette smell…,Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or990-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Truly horrendous and we didn't even get past check-in,"Booked and pre-paid through lastminute.com top secret deal.  Our attempted stay was on 10 November.  On arrival at 10pm, decor looked ok.  Very unwelcoming reception staff squabbling amongst themselves who took a while to notice we were waiting to check-in.  There was then a disagreement about which room we had been allocated....more strained conversation between check-in staff.  Our voucher was not accepted due to the hotel not processing the payment from last minute.com.  Having contacted our credit card provider, we confirmed our payment had been processed, we had our hotel voucher and had expected that the hotel would resolve the issue.....however, we were advised we would not be allowed to stay at the hotel without paying for a night's stay- £250.  Having already paid…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or990-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",First hotel I have been in that didn't provide toiletries!,"Very poor service, atrocious food, no toiletries rooms fine for the vertically challenged but nicely decorated",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or990-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",champagne tea,"My husband treated me to afternoon tea at Tophams Hotel last week and we enjoyed a lovely couple of hours there.  We began with a glass of champagne which was followed by an ample tea consisting of sandwiches, cakes and finished off with scones, jam and cream.  Of course there was as much tea or coffee as we wanted. The atmoshere was pleasant, the service good, we didn't have to wait long at all, we were booked for 2pm. It did get busy later but we had no complaints at all. It's in a very quiet road near to Victoria station. I would recommend it to anyone.   Linda W",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or995-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",That is what a call a delightful Boutique Hotel,"I am very disappointed to read some critical reviews below about thisstunning fabulous hotel in the heart of London and moreover, I am sad tohear people write non constructive reviews about this Hotel. We found our stay with the Tophams hotel was magical, the staff were very friendly and our room was gorgeous, very homely! I find it hard to believe that anyone could argue it is not of 4 star standard. The decor is very unique and it is clear that a lot of thought and love had gone into it. Everything including the lobby restaurant and bar was superbly maintained and cleaned. Warm and cosy! We had our pre-booked Group on dinner in the restaurant and found the food to be of the very highest quality! It was most definitely freshly prepared and we were served on the spot. Moreover…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or995-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Memorable stay,"My husband decided to give me an early surprise and booked Tophams Hotel for my 50th birthday after a subtle hint from me. He booked a Superior Room for us and when we arrived we were given a free upgrade to the newly refurbished 301 suite of two separate floors and a spacious bathroom. We were blown away the second we approached the door of 301 and I had a great feeling we were not going to be let down. It was very kind of the receptionist to walk us up all the way and then introduce to the amenities in the room. It was definitely in tip top condition and met all of our prior expectations. Minibar, tea and coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board, bathroom toiletries, flat screen television and a feather soft bed. Moreover attention was paid to the Italian marble…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or995-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointed.,"I booked a room at Tophams for work through a 3rd party website. The hotel is convenient to Victoria Station, offers free wireless internet and has charming decor. I was put in a basement room with a cavernous and freezing cold bathroom with a broken shower door. The shower head on the additional bathtub did not work, making my first morning's bathing ritual a challenge, and not the way one wants to start a work week when traveling for business. The second day, my shower door was still not repaired, but I decided to use it nonetheless. The smoke detector, installed right next to the shower stall, went off from the shower steam, waking up all of the hotel guests at 7am. I was interrupted twice mid-shower and told that I need to shower with the fire door (out to the main street)…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or995-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea-very disapointed!,"We pre booked a week ahead for a table for 8 including four young children.  We got to the hotel and were shown to the lobby if you could call it that, I know the Tophams hotel is a boutique hotel, but it was a small waiting area that hardly seated the 8 of us and there were lots of people milling about with luggage and no space for anyone.  We were shown to out table, the dining room looked like a canteen and indeed we could see remnants of breakfast still on the heated serving area. We were offered juices instead of our champagne, juices were terrible quality concentrate, tea was mediocre with no ""real"" tea or sugar...no strainers, sugar cubes etc...all packeted goods and generally what you would get in a cafe.  Our food took over an hour to arrive, even though we had warned…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or995-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Economical Belgrave Victoria Hotel,"We wanted a place to lay our heads after a late night Burns' Supper.  This was convenient for the venue and for Victoria Underground station to get back to Paddington the next day.  Expedia got us the best price.  Room was pleasant, if a bit cramped near the door.  Big enoug bathroom with both shower and tub.  Soft bed.  Undisturbed night's sleep.  Wouldn't want to spend a week there, but great for a couple of nights' sightseeing.  If the price of breakfast is too high, there is always Wetherspoons at Victoria Station.  Friendly reception.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1000-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst stay I have ever experienced!!!!,"We stayed at this hotel in September 2011. I have nothing good to say about this hotel! We arrived late after a long tiring journey and checked in at the main reception. We booked online thinking we were staying in the main hotel but were told our room was actually in what Topham's refer to as their ""sister hotel"".  As we dragged our luggage up the narrow staircase, we noticed that the quality and condition of the carpet and wallpaper changed after the first floor.  This immediately drew concern as this did not fit with the profile of the hotel.  We were quickly left in our room and it was immediately apparent that this room was in no way a reflection of rooms advertised.  Issues as follows: Toilet did not flush (my partner has a medical condition and requires access to toilet…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1000-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A Memorable Experience!! Definitely coming back!,"My boyfriend decided to treat me for a weekend away in London for our anniversary, consisting of staying in a hotel, trips to restaurants and a night out to see Wicked the musical. I don’t know about anyone else but I get very impatient with surprises so forced him to tell me at least where we were staying. He told me we were staying at Tophams Hotel, so straight away came on here to read reviews and see pictures. I won’t lie; by reading some of the reviews on here I was very very worried that my experience would not be one that I would like to remember!!  Once arriving though all my worries literally disappeared. The hotel is hidden on a quiet road near Victoria Station, hidden from all the noisy roads, and has a tonne of restaurants in the area. The décor is amazing, reminded…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1000-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic central location,We had a wonderful stay at the Tophams Hotel in December last year. The reception staff would greet us by name and stop and chat with us during breakfast or while we were relaxing in the lounge with our afternoon tea. We knew that our room couldn't possibly be ready upon arrival from Heathrow Airport at 8 am but it was ready by 10 am! While waiting we enjoyed tea and coffee in the small restaurant. Our room was very quiet and off the main street and tastefully decorated. The bed was very comfortable and heavenly after an exhausting day around London. Our hotel rate included breakfast and we had a delicious and hearty meal to start off our day. The hotel is We will definitely stay at the Tophams Hotel agai,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1000-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Groupon voucher stay at Tophams,"We bought a Groupon voucher and stayed at this hotel from 14-15 January. I'm sorry, but the food was appalling, and clearly microwaved, despite what some of the other reviews say on this site. We waited an hour and a half for our mains, and I had a plate of beef lasagne, that was clearly out of a packet. The staff were as helpful as they could be but everyone in the restaurant was furious. One couple left before their meals and decided to go home as they were so appalled. The rooms are ok, but the finish on the work that has been done was poor. Cracking tiles in the bathrooms and missing grout, bed was comfortable and it's in a quiet area, but I really think the food was terrible.",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1000-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Charming Hotel In The Heart Of Belgravia!,"My dear friend recommended Tophams hotel for my Fathers birthday and what a wonderful time we all had! We stayed for a long weekend and decided to indulge in The Famous Tophams Restaurant Afternoon Tea which was just delicious! Freshly made pastries, sandwiches, champagne and delicious fluffy scones with clotted cream and strawberry preserve-our favourite!   Much to our delight when booking our room i mentioned that it was my Fathers Birthday... the staff remembered and brought out a beautiful cake with our pastries! All the waitresses came out and sang Happy Birthday, they made his day!   The receptionist booked our theatre tickets and dinner for the next day which we thought was very sweet, so pleasant and helpful. Our room was clean and of such a good size, with lots of…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1005-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",WE WOULD STAY HERE AGAIN!!!,"Just came back from a lovely night at the Topham Hotel, We also had a Groupon voucher that included a 3 course dinner. Previously to arriving at the hotel I was told that dinner was from 8-11pm. When we arrived I asked if we could have an early dinner as we had to go to a 7.30 show, the staff were more than accommodating. We had an early dinner and the starters where delicious; the Beef Lasagne main course was remarkable NOT MICROWAVE! As we were in a rush we left dessert and went to watch the show.  When we returned back at 11pm we were given our desserts, which were very tasty. We both found the staff vey friendly and helpful. The rooms were small but clean and the bathroom was immaculate. We stayed for breakfast in the morning; there was a good range of cereals, pastries,…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1005-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A stunning example of a boutique hotel!,"Simply stated, my family and I enjoyed our stay greatly. Upon entering this gorgeous little boutique hotel, we were greeted with affable smiles and a thoroughly warm welcome. The creative blend of modern decor and period features were absolutely beautiful – a fresh look one does often encounter. The clear, glass roof above the dining area ensured the room was fresh, and well lit, and we were able to make the most of the sunshine. The bedroom and bathroom, too, were both maintained to a high standard. Staff were polite, helpful and were highly accomplished hosts – telling us, to name one, of historically renowned residents, such as Lady Thatcher, JK Rowling and Ian Flemming. The menu was promoted skillfully and the afternoon tea was absolutely delicious – a true culinary…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1005-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",4 star??? No way!,"Reception - appalling.  The receptionist first tried to convince me that I was actually booked into their sister hotel, despite having a copy of faxed booking and confirmation in front of her.  Somebody senior intervened and said she'd got it wrong, and that they would give me ""one of their nicest rooms"" because of the confusion.  This ""nicest room"" was in the attic, and accessed by a corridor so narrow that I could not walk along it with my small overnight bag by my side! (I am of slim build). (I thought there were building / fire regs covering such things).  The room itself was the smallest hotel room I have been in in a very long time. Fortunately I was staying alone, although this was a double room. The wall mounted flat screen TV did not work so there was a second TV taking…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1005-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",My Group on stay and dinner at the Tophams Hotel was magnificent,"I rarely ever write reviews for hotels I stay in but I felt genuinely badfor this hotel when reading some of the reviews below as I had a totallydifferent experience to them. I even find it hard to believe they stayed anddined in the same hotel as we did.  On the day that my husband and me turned up, we were greeted well despite ofit was late evening and reception area very busy. The reception staff seemedto me pleasant and I must note I felt like a judge on the Miss World panel.They were all pretty as buttons. Smiley and chatty. We were then shortlytaken to our superb room on the second floor with a small but decent balconyoverlooking the main street. We were assured it would not be noisy as ourneighbours included Ian Fleming’s daughter and composer Andrew Lloyd Webber.It could…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1005-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",“One of my favorites in London”,"I travel to London on business almost every month and Tophams is ""my"" hotel.  There are a couple of reasons why I stay at the Tophams: great staff and personalized service; unique, comfortable rooms; and proximity to Victoria Station. They've got a cozy bar near the reception area where I’m usually having my business meetings.  Nearby there is a broad range of local pubs and restaurants, which is of a great convenience.  If you're looking for a friendly, homey place to stay on business, give the Tophams a try. It might be a bit expensive for vacationers but if you want to splurge a little and have a great location, I'd definitely recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1010-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Relaxing time,Interesting hotel with quite an investment in colour and design. despite being very close to bustling Victoria station Ebury Street and Belgravia is a quiet area. Had a very comfortable yet quirky room in that bathroom was at a lower level than the bedroom (Room 305) and despite being next to the lift it was quite quiet. Had a really good sleep. Well situated for access to transportation system and some interesting pubs within the confines of Belgravia. A challenge to find some of them tough!,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1010-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Wonderful Champagne Tea at Tophams to Celebrate my Birthday,"I had the lovely experience of a surprise afternoon treat on my birthday.  Champagne Tea at Tophams organised by my sister.  And what a wonderful afternoon we had.    The staff and management of the hotel were so kind and helpful ensuring that we had such an enoyable time.  The room where tea is served is so cosy and relaxed  The tea itself was delightful with delicate finger sandwiches filled with scrummy fillings, various little bite sized cakes, topped off with scones, clotted cream and tasty jam.  All of this was washed down with steaming hot cups of tea (with the pot being renewed as many times as we wanted) and a glass of crisp, cool champagne.  Absolutely lovely.   The added surprise to both myself and my sister, who hadn't informed them beforehand, was the divine lemon…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1010-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Cozy stay in the middle of London,"Me and my friends stayed there around the new years eve period, had very experience with that hotel- friendly and helpful staff, nice breakfast and good room. And very good location next to the Victoria Station, Buckingham palace, Big Ben etc. Stayed there one week and felt very cozy the whole stay!",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1010-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",""" A truly lovely experience""","Reading some of the reviews below I thought it was essential I add mine and share my experience with others. I decided to treat my family to an Afternoon Tea at the Tophams Hotel following the festive season. At first I must say I was doubtful but it was a good deal and as it is many of us I decided to just go for it! On top of that I also booked a room for me and my mother for one night. The afternoon tea went absolutely well from start til end. The restaurant was super busy so we were seated at the bar occupying 8 seats and we shared 4 trays. Tea was hot and nice, sandwiches freshly made unlike in some other Mayfair hotels where they are prepared in the morning to be served in the afternoon, fillings of good quality especially the cream cheese, cakes of perfect size and my…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1010-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"I booked an offer through Groupon for a 3 course dinner with champagne and one night’s stay for two. I was celebrating a special occasion with my boyfriend, and found the food, organisation and customer service absolutely appalling. We arrived an hour after check in to find a crowded reception full of furious customers who were been turned away from afternoon tea, despite booking, as the hotel had taken more bookings than there were seats. When we were finally given a key and went to our room we found it was still being cleaned. The woman at reception asked us to go out for an hour and come back, despite the fact it was freezing and we had luggage. I asked if we could wait in the bar (as there is one advertised on their site) and were shown to a crowded room and sat at the bar…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1015-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",One of the best 4 star hotels in London I have stayed in.,"The Tophams Hotel is perfect in every way. The staff are top notch; personable, professional and pleasant. Our room had a lovely view, was cosy and beautifully decorated and had a pristine bath. Bed was really comfortable. We were always called by name by everyone on staff. It was clear that whatever we might request would be done for us happily. Even my partners strengtheners were organised. The lounge, bar, restaurant and all common areas were beautiful and welcoming. I FELT LIKE AT HOME BY THE FIREPLACE. Literally like a guest in a private home. Afternoon tea was wonderful, finger sandwiches fresh, scones hot and jam delicious. A must if you have never had high tea in London!",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1015-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",“A Little Gem of a Hotel in Belgravia”,"What a wonderful experience we had at the Tophams Hotel! My husband and I have just returned from spending 5 days at the Tophams. We were VERY pleased!   We had a Family Suite room where the bottom floor with a King bedwas for us and a rooftop room for our 2 children. Magical, we had so much spaice!  The rooms was very clean and warm. We also had a balcony overlooking the quiet street.  We just loved this small boutique hotell! Attention is paid to every possible detail, the staff were friendly, helpful and always very courteous. The breakfast was great-like my husbend likes-full english breakfast:)  Lots of restaurants and shopping nearby. Super location. Truly a great ""London""experience!!  We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1015-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Enjoyable,I stayed here last week and found it to be lovely. Staff were extra helpful and it's location was superb. The rooms are nice and clean and the breakfast was superb. I will definitely use it again when I'm in London.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1015-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Small Hotel that feels more homely in the middle of the craziness of London!,"I don't normally write reviews but after recommending this hotel to some friends they pointed out the reviews on here and asked if I was talking about the correct one! I stayed in Tophams Hotel last week for 2 nights with my partner and we had a lovely stay. I loved the fact it was a small hotel and the reception is 24 hours so if we ever needed anything, we could just dial 0 on the room phone, which is what we were told when we checked in which I thought was nice. The room was very clean, had a very nice decor, not very big but we did expect that as its a boutique hotel. We stayed on the first floor and we had a small balcony overlooking the street which was quiet. The staff were very helpful with providing a map and giving information on nearby restaurants etc The train…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1015-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A Shocking Experience!,"Initial experiences are very positive and you start off thinking ""good, a result"" and the usual 'unfamiliar hotel' apprehension is allayed somewhat, however it does'nt take long to find what lies below the 4 star boutique facade! Some superficial decorative investment appears to have been spent however the rooms are small and ours appeared to have recently had the door forced in. The room was reasonably decorated but there was no remote for the TV and one could not be found for us, there was also a pillow shortage on unfortunately, which was rectified on request. It has to be recognised that the location is really handy both for Victoria rail and underground and the Whitehall/Buckingham Palace area and its a shame really that more is'nt made of this and the decorative…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1020-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good value,"I booked the room here in December when they had a special officer running so paid about £75 - for this part of London this was superb value.  OK the room was rather small but the bathroom was a good size and the view of the street from the window was nice.  The entrance lobby was luxuriously furnished, and staff on reception helpful if not over friendly.  It may be worth checking when you book as some of the rooms overlooked a basement or a wall.  All in all though, I would use again.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1020-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a lovely birthday treat.,My girlfriend took me here for a birthday champagne tea treat. It was wonderful. The staff were so polite and attentive.   The only downside was we couldn't finish all the sandwiches and cakes. Yummy !! Highly recommended. ,Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1020-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea at Tophams Belgravia,"Lovely Afternoon Tea at Tophams!! Nice, pretty setting with delicious food. Staff were polite and friendly.  Venue was very cozy and welcoming.  Lovely afternoon out enjoyed by all.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1020-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Awful, rude, fraudulent !","My partner and I booked this 'hotel' for a week but only stayed for one night as it was awful! It then took over a month, many complaints and intervention from authorities to get our money back!  The room was up three flights of narrow stairs with no fire escape route, the room was tiny, dirty and smelly!  We were expecting luxury but what we got was more like a youth hostel standard!  The bathroom window was not made of the usual 'modesty/obscured' glass so my parter had to stand at the window next to the shower cubicle with a towel covering the window to ensure when I was showering no one in the building next to us could  see!  The place was awful and to top the lot, when we complained the staff were the rudest I've ever encountered! They didn't care, and their grasp of the…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1020-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location for a weekend break in london,Great time had by my wife and I on a weekend break in London. Great local pubs,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1025-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice hotel in a great location,"I was staying there for a week during a christmas and new year eve celebrations! It was really good time that i spent there. Location is great, it has shops, pubs, station *Victoria near by. Very friendly and helpful staff it did not matter if i had to borrow an umbrella or ask for information i got always some help. Breakfast is good, different juices, full english breakfast in a lovely breakfast area. Room was clean and roomservice always provided us with warm towels! Well in my opinion, if you will decide to stay there during your trip you will get great and cozy place in a super location.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1025-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very nice,"A lovely, clean hotel with very helpful staff (there seemed to be an army of them). Although the bathroom was very nice, some of the fixtures needed fixing/replacing (e.g. showerhead that sprayed water in all directions). This is the only reason for me not scoring 5 out of 5. Bedroom was tastefully decorated in modern style with a plasma TV.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1025-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Over priced and poor service,"Service on arrival was poor to say the least, the staff didn't know a thing. Our room wasn't ready so we were asked to wait in the bar but we couldn't have a drink. Decide to go out and come back an hour later, initially we were told they would put us in one of the best rooms they had, then told 'actually that wasn't ready yet'.  So room 201, it was tiny, you could barley move we had no space to put our luggage, no milk, no price cards and no hotel info. However it was NYE, so we shrugged it off and went out, when we came back they wouldn't serve room service nor did the staff know where we could get something to eat from. We went to bed hungry. Room 201 has internal doors with 202 meaning you could hear literally everything! I didn't get any sleep as I listen to room 202, fart…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1025-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",An unfortunately bad stay!,"While there is certainly nothing wrong with the location of the hotel or the cleanliness/niceness of the rooms, the service I received from the staff was not particularly good and I am still waiting for a invoice for my stay which was over 1 week ago.  I booked the hotel online their website directly and upon checkout, was given an invoice for the amount paid except for the deposit.  On asking for a full receipt for the total amount, I was told I would have to contact some other company that I paid the deposit too.  As far as I was aware, I had booked directly with the hotel and while their online booking system may pay some other company for the privelige offering this service to guests, it doesn't help if you need a complete invoice for the full amount.  I was eventually told…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1025-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good afternoon tea,"My husband and I visited the hotel for afternoon tea, we were concerned following a good number of negative reviews about the hotel, however, can reassure people that we really enjoyed the experience. The salon where you have the afternoon tea was decorated beautifully, can't comment on the rooms as we didn't see these.  The scones were certainly fresh as were the sandwiches, the cakes were pretty good too.  the only reason I have not given 5 out of 5 is because I thought the price was a little excessive, but then again it is London!",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1030-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Charming hotel with lovely staff,"I stayed at the Tophams with my husband. We were a little bit confused when we arrived by the bad reviews but everything turned to be fabulous. Reception staff are kind and friendly always with a smile on the face. I don't know about other people but our room in the ground floor was quiet, spacious and beautifully decorated. Flat screen TV with DVD player, mini bar and complimentary Wi-Fi. We also decide to try their afternoon tea: gorgeous homemade sandwiches, scones and tea cakes with a glass of champagne for a reasonable price. In resume: I will definitely come back!",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1030-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bless the Tophams Team for providing such professional service,"We landed in London late evening after travelling almost 18 hours from Singapore and after some mis-communication with a nearby booking along Ebury, our family was left without lodging for the week's visit. Fortunately for the blessed people at Tophams, they heard our plight and did the BEST! They bothered to offer us lodging for 2 nights with the only smaller available rooms at last minute. We felt saved by the wonderful angels (beautiful ladies mind you) of Tophams.   What strke us most was their Attitude towards offering a service beyond just a hotel reception booking; obviously this 4-star hotel has a 6-star service level. They were definitely distinguished by their genuine offer to help, always attentive, smiling and greeting you by name.  Not only were the rooms lovely,…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1030-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Confused By The Bad Reviews - Lovely Place,"Hello there,  My stay at the Tophams Hotel Belgravia, London was for 1 night over 18th December - 19th December. I was a little apprehensive about this booking as I forgot about trip advisor for in-depth reviews and just went with the booking website reviews. Most of the reviews on TripAdvisor as im sure you are aware seem quite negative. I am relating most to the people who seemed to have ended up being stuck in a basement room or moved to a sister or annex hotel. With this in mind I emailed after making my booking ensuring I requested not to be in a basement room nor should I be moved to an annex/sister hotel as it wasn't stated that this may occur on the booking website. I had a response back within 4 hours of sending my intiial enquiry. Relating back to the reviews, I can…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1030-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A champagne tea to celebrate my friend's 70th birthday.,We were welcomed by a friendly receptionist and went through to the dining room which was cosy and attractively arranged.  The champagne was a delightful way to begin a delicious and beautifully served tea and the staff were friendly and first class.  The icing on the cake came after we had finished when they appeared with a large delicious chocolate cake alight with candles and brought it to my friend.  It was a totally unexpected bonus and was greatly appreciated.  Altogether a fabulous experience.,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1030-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",room booked...but no room at the inn when we got there,"My partner and myself got  to this  hotel after a 200 mile drive following a long day at work, so we were both looking forward to putting our heads down.  Reception informed us that the room we book was not available, but they had ordered a cab to take us to their ""sister"" hotel in Knightsbridge....I was astounded....had I wanted to stay in Knightsbridge I would have booked a hotel there. It being 10.30pm  we didn't have a choice...I drove to the hotel and found a parking spot about 10 minutes walk away.  Knightsbridge is a busy area...people, xmas revellers and an awful lot of traffic.  So we didn't sleep too well.  And I had to get up and out before parking restrictions began at 8.30am to find a meter for my car.    We did get our room at Tophams the 2nd night...it was very…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1035-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Just don't do it,"Booked under --------- - supposedly a four-star upgraded boutique hotel. It really isn't. It really, really isn't. I was marched 30 yards down the road to the Belgravia Mews hotel. Down a stinky hallway and the stench continued downstairs. Dingy room. Not one coat hanger in the wardrobe. Shower door missing. Horrible mattress.  Still trying to understand why I stayed. Maybe I had to experience it in order to save others. I've quite often used ------ but not sure if I will so so again - they shouldn't be guiding customers towards the Tophams of this world.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1035-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",..most disconcerting hotel experience I have ever had....,"Stayed at this hotel and have been meaning to post a review with some time but having just read other travelers reviews I have decided to procrastinate to longer. Having booked a ""top secret"" four star hotel in Knighstbridge through lastminute.com, I arrived at my hotel following a long haul flight at nearly 11pm. On arrival I was told there was a ""power outage"" in some of the rooms and I would have to be transferred to another hotel in Victoria. A taxi was called to take me there. Whilst I awaited my taxi, alarm bells were already ringing and things went from bad to worse quickly. Arriving at the second hotel, which happened to be Tophams hotel I was ushered to a separate annex and down a dark, dreary basement-like staircase (where just to add effect a mattress was thrown…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1035-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A bitter disappointment,"Visited the Tophams Hotel on the evening of 7 December with work colleagues for a one night stay whilst attending a corporate event in London. What a let down! For a 4 star hotel this place leaves a lot to be desired! Everything looked great on arrival as we entered a rather delightful entrance and reception area. But this would prove to be the best experience we would get of the Tophams Hotel.  Firstly our check in process was interrupted by a fellow resident who had a rather long list of complaints about her room. Hardly a good omen! Then, after it took the hopelessly inadequate reception staff a full 35 minutes to check our party of 8 in, and we had bartered with them to try and upgrade (unsuccessfully in 5 instances) the single rooms we had all been allocated into doubles,…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1035-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Desperately Disappointing,"Having stayed at Tophams many times under previous management I was excited to try it again when looking for a last minute hotel in London after its complete refurbishment under new owners.   The pictures on the website looked lovely but when I arrived, quite late but I had warned them, I was shunted down the road to an annexe.  There was just a flimsily locked door with no night staff, one reason I always stayed there was because it was small and friendly and there was always someone on the door so as a lone female traveller I always felt safe. The shower room had a large uncurtained window on to a road with houses opposite. The light above the sink, which had no plug, was broken, and the toilet cistern was adrift from the wall. In the morning there was no water, hot or cold.…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1035-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea for Four,"Four of us came here for afternoon tea, after purchasing a discounted voucher online. We had a lovely afternoon here, staff were attentive and friendly, sandwiches and cakes were delicious and deceivingly filling!! I can't comment on the rooms but from what I saw, the hotel had a warm/ cosy atmosphere and was very clean, I would come again given the opportunity.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1040-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A mixed bag...,"Two of us stayed here for 4 uncomfortable nights.  Located just a couple of blocks from Victoria Station, this hotel was easy to walk to and easy to find.  Upon entering the small lobby there were 5 women working the single check in desk and the atmosphere felt very busy.  We were quickly helped and checking in was a snap.  We were informed that they had goofed and didn’t have a room with two beds that we had paid for (there were two of us staying in the room) but not to worry they had fixed the problem and put a second bed in our small room.  What a joke.  The bed they included in our room made the room so crowded you could hardly walk to the bathroom without moving things.  The new bed turned out to be a small metal cot frame with a 2-inch thick mattress.  The center bar to…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1040-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"I treated my best friend to afternoon tea at the hotel,using a KGB voucher. On arrival we were shown straight into the restaurant which was small but as there was only one other couple having tea,it wasn't over packed! The staff were extremely friendly & very attentive at all times. I was disappointed that tea bags were used,even for the Earl Grey.The cake stand arrived with a choice of three types of finger sandwiches(menu says four), a selection of very mini cakes & two scones with jam & cream.The cakes were nice enough but we felt that homemade ones would have been nicer.We had plenty to eat & when my friend asked for more cakes(well,it was her 50th!!) they brought another plate full without any quibble.We both enjoyed the experience but I felt that whilst I was happy to pay…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1040-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't be talked into going to their 'sister hotel',"On arrival I was told that they had water problems & that the only room available didn't have a bathroom. They paid for a cab to the sister hotel in Knightsbridge, there was apparently only one room available, it was terrible. When I phoned Tophams they said I had no choice. I told them I was coming back & they had to sort it out. After a fair amount of discussion I got back and a room had materialized, it was what I expected & had paid for. There were no water problems. It was lucky I arrived early & was prepared to be insistent, but it was a waste of time & I could really have done without the hassle. I feel I got this kind of treatment because I had a deal through an internet booking site.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1040-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tophams Trip,"My son and I booked a Late Rooms deal with this hotel for Sunday night.  The staff were welcoming and  even though we arrived around 7.30 pm we were offered a free glass of champagne and a pastry/piece of fruit if we'd wanted one.  The decor of the hotel I would describe as Russian, very much OTT but the room was roomy, as well as the bathroom.  Nice walk in shower but only one tiny hotel sized bar of soap between us.  The staff were very helpful and we left our bags there the next day - thank goodness, because we went round Parliament and they don't allow any large bags. We didn't sleep that well unfortunately, due to the rock hard beds and the pillows weren't great either.  However, it was great value, clean, stylish and a very good continental breakfast with a real coffee…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1040-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than anticipated,"I was sent a voucher by a friend who knows I love afternoon tea - a special offer of £18 for two for afternoon tea instead of around £60.  I bought the voucher, then looked online to see what other people thought of it.  I was alarmed to see so many bad reviews!  But, I had already bought the voucher so went along with my sister.  On arrival, we went up to reception and were shown straight through to the restaurant area.  A lady (maybe the manager?) greeted us straight away and sat us down.  We were then offered tea, with only a limited choice of afternoon tea, Earl Grey, or some herbal teas.  The tea was bagged instead of loose, but we were told it was unlimited and asked if we wanted a top up more than once.  Then the 3 tiered cake stand came out, and we were really pleased. …",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1045-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Can't believe they are still offering afternoon teas...,"The afternoon tea we had here was atrocious.  Poor service, abysmal sandwiches and shop bought, cheap cakes.  Yet they are still selling ""reduced cost"" afternoon teas through Groupon.  I would strongly advise against going there for afternoon tea as I wouldn't return even if they offered to give me afternoon tea for nothing.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1045-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, great sleep, staff situation a bit odd","I stayed at Tophams Hotel Belgravia for one night with my mom in October 2011.  I booked the hotel online on a website that showed mostly all favourable reviews, after reading TripAdvisor, I was a bit apprehensive, however all ended well.  We arrived in on the train from Manchester before 8am and headed straight to the hotel to drop off our luggage and see when our room would be ready.  The staff at the front desk were friendly, but seemed a bit disorganised.  They told us our room would be ready in an hour so we left our luggage with them and headed out for breakfast.  We returned awhile later and our room wasn't ready yet so we headed back out again returning in the late afternoon.  Our room was ready, and I was very happy to find it was in the main part of the hotel (I was…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1045-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A good night's sleep in London,Booked a Sunday night at Tophams using an internet booking site. Got a good rate with breakfast so booked. Then read some Tripadvisor reports which made me wonder what I had let myself in for. I need not have worried. Check in was quick and easy with a nice friendly receptionist. I was upgraded to a double room on the top floor. A previous guest had removed the batteries from the safe but a very friendly and helpful member of staff soon had them replaced. The room was comfortable and well appointed and the bathroom was good too. The continental breakfast was fine - all in all a nice experience at a good price. I would go again.,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1045-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, but poor customer service & a terrible night's sleep!","The Tophams Hotel is situated just minutes away from Victoria coach station, in the heart of Belgravia - which was perfect for us. On arrival, the staff were not overly friendly (a smile would have been nice!), but we were able to check-in to our room early, which we were very grateful of.  The room was lovely, nicely decorated with a bath and separate shower cubicle - useful ironing board & hairdryer - and a flat screen tv.   Unfortunately, we could hear every door bang shut, and every footstep from the floor above us - meaning no sleep until about 3.00 in the morning - followed by the fire alarm going off 5 or 6 times (for 10 seconds each time), at 7.00 in the morning. Needless to say, we were exhausted the next day which spoiled our weekend.   Breakfast was included…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1045-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",a nice quiet comfortable night,"Having read some very disappointing reviews i was a little concerned about my stay. I arrived on Sunday and had a single room booked. When I checked in the very friendly and helpful staff informed me I had been given a double room. This was on the forth floor and was a very nice room indeed, looking out into the courtyard garden at the back which meant I was unaware of any street noise and did not have a street light keeping me awake. The bed was also very comfortable and it was a very pleasent experience, which for a London hotel/B&B is very rare. I would highly recommend the place.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1050-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A night to remember,"My sister and I booked this hotel after our whirlwind tour of Europe and just because it was near Victoria station. It was a nice finish to end our trip, no regrets! The room was excellent, in semi Victorian-like furnishing, with a very comfortable bed that just envelops you and a good-sized bathroom, equipped with bathtub and hair dryer. Reading other people's review, I was surprised that the other rooms were not that up to standards. But we got a room on the 1st floor, overlooking the streets (i think room 109). I absolutely love the bed, the wallpaper and the chandelier on top of the bed. It is definitely a boutique hotel and we also love the quirky and victorian-like furniture and ornaments in the lobby/dining/mezzanine area.  The only downside is perhaps the room is a…",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1050-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Beware, its a classic bait and switch","Had a reservation for their main Hotel, which they claimed was full. They walked us down the block to another Hotel. Not only did it not have the promised amenities ( not even an elevator), it was a basement room smelling of mildew.After much complaint they found us a room in the main hotel in another basement room. I won't bore you with the legion of problems ( non working lights, loose plumbing,bad mattress etc.) ,but the capper was my IPAD got stolen as well.Stay away both the couples before and after us who checked out had their own lists of complaints as well.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1050-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Small room, finish not 4* standard, overpriced","Arrived at the hotel, service was OK at best during check in. I was escorted to the room to be fair. Got to the room which to my surprise did not even have a bathroom (or sink) in it and i had to use a bathroom which was located up a short flight of stairs round the corner from the room. The finish in the room was poor, with exposed wires up the wall leading to the TV,  cracked skirting boards and not even a mattress protector for the bed. I was very surprised to hear that the hotel was only refurbished in 2008! The room did not even have a telephone in it to contact reception and no guest welcome book or letter. My key card stopped working and when i had left the room to take a shower and could not get back in, my only option was to go down to reception in my towel in order to…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1050-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A hotel that doesnt care about its guests!,"Unfortunately despite the impressive impression one gets when considering booking this hotel on the Internet the reality is something very far removed from that.  I booked a room via late rooms in October, paying the full cost upfront.  However, on arrival and after being given the keys to the room I found that somebody else was actually already in the room causing much embarrassment.  When i was ""instructed"" to return to reception by a super rude receptionist I was told there was no room in the inn and asked to leave.  Thats right, asked to leave.   I eventually managed to persuade the front desk that I had paid up front for this room and had nowhere else to do and for them to suggest moving me on to a sister hotel in Knightsbridge.  The sister ""hotel"" however was a…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1050-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointment in Belgravia,"I booked this hotel as a secret location through a major internat based company. The photographs hide the fact that this hotel is poor with small rooms, creaky furniture and a smell of drains. At first they gave me a mews room which was just not up to any standard and I was moved into the main hotel because a colleague was offered such an option. The outward appearance of opulence is not matched by the experience.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1055-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Needs Attention,"My husband and I were in London for a social weekend away. I gave him some hotels to look at and he chose this one.  It is a very attractive hotel with an excellent location for Victoria train and coach stations being just around the corner. However, the website says there is a full English breakfast but when we booked there was no online option for this to added on and we expected that as we were having the deluxe room it was included in the package. That was not the case and it was never offered to us. On arrival the receptionist took our payment and immediately after charged us an EXTRA  £80 'pre booking confirmation'. We are still trying to work that one out but have been reassured it will be refunded. Our room was reasonably sized and wonderfully decorated but something was…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1055-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The Review Said Just Re-Opened after Total Refit - Great Location,"The review we read of this hotel said that it had just been re-opened after being closed for 2 years for a total refit....Mmmmmm? We were in the 'Mews' rooms....for Mews read basement. The room was small, made even more so by the fact that, for some reason, we had they had left a 'Z' bed at the foot of our bed, which made it extremely difficult to walk around the room. The carpet was stained and the furniture was a little battered, which was surprising if the hotel had only just re-opened, but the room and the bathroom were clean. The room was very warm, but airconditioning was noisy, so had to be turned off overnight. We had no traffic noise. The bathroom was large, much longer than the room,  with a walk in shower at one end.........but the towels were on a rail right at the…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1055-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tea for two,"Staff are very attentive, polite and welcoming.  priced at £64 for two persons the tea would have been seriously overpriced without the voucher that i booked with at £19.  The tea is average, with disappointing processed cheese and ham sandwiches, thin fillings in the salmon and cream cheese and likewise in the cucumber sandwiches.  For the £64 i would be looking for thick british cut ham and bread at least.  Scones ... ok (could do with more jam and clotted cream).  I was happy to pay £19 because frankly you pay for what you get.  We both enjoyed the tea but this is not 4* .  If you are looking for a special treat...there are better places in london",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1055-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",2 well deserved ladies for an afternoon tea at tophams hotel,"We didnt stay at the hotel, we just went for the afternoon tea yesterday. I had got a voucher which was worth £19 for two people, which was worth every penny. The original price for the afternoon tea at the hotel was £22.50 per person.  As we had so much food and drink I would have gladly paid the £22.50. The food was very fresh and lovely cakes, couldnt get enough of them. We had at least 3 pots of tea and a glass of wine included in the price and not forgetting the coffee and different types of tea if you wanted.   The staff were very nice, friendly and very polite, they always came up to us and asked us if we wanted more tea, coffee, sandwiches etc.   Anyone who would like to treat someone special for an afternoon tea I would definately recommend this hotel.  Last year I went…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1055-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",weekend trip,"1. Good location with reasonable parking in nearby car park. 2. Room small but pleasant, with good bathroom. 3. Far too hot in room. Ridiculous temperature, which persisted even after turning off heating and window open. 4. We booked for 'Full English Breakfast' for the Sunday morning. None was available. We were told the chef had failed to turn up! The breakfast which was available was very limited and not great quality.(We wonder whether the absent breakfast has occurred before). 5. Staff refused to give us a refund for lack of breakfast. We have gone through the booking agency and still no refund.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1060-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely tea for two,"My friend and I visited the Tophams Hotel for afternoon tea yesterday and could not have been more delighted with the service and food. The waitress was very attentive  and we enjoyed a glass of sparkling rose while we waited for our food. The sandwiches, scones and cakes were fresh and plentiful and the atmosphere very relaxing.Highly recommended.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1060-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",In a word...Awful.,"I'm staying in London on business and I found this hotel on laterooms.com. The pictures look nice and seemed good value for money.   On arrival after performing all the normal checkin formalities they told me they were overbooked. A familiar theme I have found after reading a few reviews on here. They offered me a room in the mews hotel next door. It's dingy, dark and horrid. After going back and complaining that I would like some money back for having a lesser room I was told 'what do you want me to do about it?'. Her attitude just stank.   Eventually I got 15% back off the price I paid. If I had the energy I would have complained some more. It will do for one night but only just. It's a shame this hotel didn't meet my expectations. Its close to where I'm working and would have…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1060-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good clean centrally located boutique property,"The hotel is conveniently located by Victoria station.  It's a cute little boutique property which is a nice change of scenery from some of the big branded hotels i've stayed at in london.  The rooms are small but well decorated in a comtemporary sleek fashion.  There is free wifi, coffee/tea and nice flat screen TVs.  The staff were all very friendly but it's sometimes intimidating to walk in the cozy lobby and have 3-4 of them greet you at once.  I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking in this part of town!",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1060-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AFTERNOON TEA,I booked afternoon tea here for my friend & I and read the reviews after I had booked it and was feeling sorry that I had booked it. Well I must say I came away from the hotel thinking that I must have been to a different Tophams to the one that I had read the reviews for.We were greeted by a lovely friendly staff. We were shown to our table in a very welcoming dining room and a member of staff came over to us with a glass of sparkling rose wine very nice. The finger sandwiches were very fresh and we were offered more when we had finished (very nice as we were hungry) I do not eat strawberry jam and was offered raspberry jam to have with the scones along with more cream. We could not eat all of our lovely cakes( too many sarnies) so was asked if we would like to take them home…,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1060-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoontea TOPMAMS HOTEL,"Where do i start !! i was given a gift  for afternoon tea at Tophams. On arrival we were greeted by very polite and friendly staff ,we was showed to the dining area ,which was quite small - but very clean.As soon as we were seated a member of staff came to our table and explained the menu and took our order for tea,half an hour later tea arrived ! finger sandwiches (very fresh)very nice, scones with cream & jam and a selection of little cakes. Overall oppinion ! if you are looking for an afternoon tea experience, i think you would be dissapointed ,it is quite pricey for what you get .I had the afternoon tea with a glass of sparkling wine £29-95 .Maybe pay that little bit more and go to the Ritz- you will not be disappointed. Sorry Tophams!! very nice staff = but not quite there .",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1065-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The most expensive awful tea in the uk,"We recently visited the Topham Hotel in Belgravia on a""special deal"". afternoom tea with champagne for 2 for £28. The hotel is in a rather seedy part of Belgravia and looks a bit like a run down bed and breakfast. On arrival we were directed to the very small cafeteria like Dining Room. It was very noisy as the accoustics were poor, there was a party of about 12 women on the next table competing with a heavy rock music music track.All the guests appeared to be on special deals. We were handed a grubby tea stained menu which informed us that afternon tea with champagne was normally £67-00 per person ! We were served by a very young and nervous looking waitress with a pot of tea with 2 tea bags and a chipped milk jug and some sugar sachets, followed by a 3 tier stand with 9 small…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1065-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible experience,"Booked room at Tophams Hotel through hotels.com. Paid in full on non-refundable rate.  Arrived at hotel to find room was unavailable. Stored luggage and went for meeting. Upon return was shown to my room, out of Tophams hotel, down the street to the Belgravia Mews Hotel (see tripadvisor review for a laugh). Was shown into ground floor room facing the street, the room smelt awful, of damp and old cigarettes. Refused the room immediately. Spoke to manager at Tophams and threatened legal action and a report to westminster trading standards before got put into a ""Tophams Room"" which was, of course, what I had booked and paid for. It seems that Tophams try and offload unsuspecting visitors into the Belgravia Mews hotel. Frankly I think this is shocking and I have decided to make a…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1065-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","brilliant location, terrible check-in experience","we booked this hotel via hotwire.com, so we only learned its name and details after payment. the hotel is in a great location - very close to victoria station and about 10 minutes walk to buckingham palace, plus it looks great in the website, so we were very pleased with our deal, until check-in, that is.  when we arrived we were told that the hotel was overbooked and that there are no double rooms available, only rooms with twin beds. this may have been acceptable except we specifically called the hotel right after booking it and reserved a room with a double bed and even spoke on the phone with the same receptionist who checked us in!! of course our call was not recorded along with our reservation so we were offered a room ""next door"" only for one night, and in return we would…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1065-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful experience!!!,"I booked 2 nights at this hotel the end of June...after a long day arriving at 10.30pm i waited in the reception area (which is lovely!!) for 15mins while one of the receptionists ""prettied up"" one of the old awful rooms in the old part of the hotel...i was taken out of the new part of the hotel down the road to the old part of the hotel that hasnt been renovated at all....big mistake!!...it was smelly with rotten carpets..chipped dirty paint work everywhere...and the room was awful.I walked straight out back to the reception and asked for what id actually booked a fully renovated double/twin room with ensuite... the receptionist looked blank and shook her head...and offered me a room without ensuite..and another room for my daughter...without ensuite but with a bathroom way…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1065-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid,Poor hotel populated by foreign staff following eccentric form filling. My room had a broken blind on the floor. The lift was intermittent & eccentric . Breakfast was poor and overpriced . Won't be going back:(,Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1070-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great Location, Average Hotel","Having been allocated this hotel as a 'mystery hotel' we were very nervous having read the negative reviews by other contributors.  However, our experience was nothing like the horror stories of damp, smelly rooms other people have reported.  Having said that, the room was small and very overheated.  We arrived in London at 10.30 a.m. and had contacted the hotel to see if we could check in early.  This was not problem, although obviously the room was not ready.  Luckily, we called back to the hotel in the afternoon prior to an evening at the theatre.  The air conditioning was set to 30 degrees - it was a warm day with no need for a coat.  Had we not returned and lowered the temperature, the room would have been very difficult to sleep in.  There were one or two unacceptable…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1070-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"My friend and I had afternoon tea at Tophams Hotel this afternoon.  We were a  bit concerned having  read the review on this site but were pleasantly surprised.   We have had afternoon tea many times before in such venues as the Ritz and the Savoy and there was nothing wrong with this one.   We were welcomed warmly at the door and showed into a small but attractive dining room.  The sandwiches and scones were fresh, there was plenty of cream and jam and the little cakes were very nice.   The sparking rose was lovely and the whole experience was enjoyable.  The only thing I would have liked would have been the offer of a second pot of team but not a deal breaker.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1070-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great Location,"Little small but for 1 person it was perfectly fine. 5 minute walk to victoria station, the original tour bus stop is right around the corner and several attractions are within walking distance including 2 theatres. I felt it was a safe location, had no problems walking around alone during the day or at night..",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1070-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS!,"I share the view of others, this is a really poor hotel.  Checked-in and taken down the street to the 'other' building.  Basically this looks like an old B&B, poor quality, dark, no lift, and nothing like the description of the hotel as a newly refurbished 4* (you wouldn’t pay more that £50 to stay in this sort of room/building).  Refused room and given one in the main building.  Had booked a twin, they provided a small room, queen bed, and offered to play a camp bed in the room.  Was late for a concert, so just agreed.  Camp bed was old, smelly, no sheet provided for the blanket, had to call for one when we returned.  Room would have been acceptable for 1 person, certainly not 2, and definitely not a camp bed.  Whilst everything looked newish, you can see that it was done on…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1070-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Couldn't even confirm my reservation,Based on the all the negative reviews I thought it would be a good idea to confirm my reservation in advance of my planned trip to London.   I tried to call the hotel 3 times and was either told by the front desk that reservations was busy or was disconnected.    As I would be travelling alone and this already did not bode well I decided to use the trip protection I purchased through Expedia to change my hotel reservation to the Hesperia London.  Not even taking the chance with this place.,Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1075-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as expected but definitely not 4*,"I booked the hotel via Last Minute.com Top Secret Hotels and after reading the reviews on here and the fact that the hotel would require a £50 deposit (not mentioned when booking, only discovered that on Trip Advisor) I attempted to cancel it but with no luck. I stayed for 2 nights last week.  The reception area is lovely but when I checked in I was told they couldn't accept my Maestro card (I had already checked prior to the stay that they would accept the Maestro card.....) and then had to go back to the nearest ATM at Victoria Station to take out money so I could pay the deposit in cash.  Upon leaving to do this the door handle came off in my hand, comedy moment but not a great start....  After checking in I was pleasantly surprised by the room - although small the decor was…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1075-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good and bad,"Booked through hotels.com.  Good rate.  Clean, bright, quiet room.  Only problems are (1) TV faces wall instead of bed, so you can't watch TV from bed, you have to sit in uncomfortable chair to watch TV, and (2) water pressure is poor, and shower vacillates repeatedly between hot and cold.  Beware expensive breakfast if not included in room rate.  However staff very accommodating about printing documents for guests.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1075-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not Bad At All,"Booked this hotel as a secret hotel through lastminute.com. Booked two rooms, advertised as 4 star in Belgravia. Surprised when we booked that our two single room were not on-suite. But the hotel is very nice and rooms are very clean and modern. They did give us a free bottle of sparkling wine to say sorry about the on-suite issue. The staff and management are trying very hard and breakfast was nice - I think some of these reviews are old and out of date. The area is very posh and a nice place to wonder around at night . Just make sure your room has a bathroom and you should be ok !",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1075-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel and service I have EVER experienced,"My friend booked this hotel for a one night stay as it looked lovely online and was close to Victoria station where we needed to be early the next day. On arrival, late in the evening, we approached the hotel. From the outside it looks nice and reception area is lovely however, this is the only good thing I could say about this place.   We checked in and were taken outside the hotel again, along the road and into another building. We were taken up about 4 flights of stairs (carrying our own heavy bags) and as we got higher up we realised that this was nothing like what we had booked. The wall paper was peeling off the ceiling and you could see damp coming through the walls. The carpets were badly stained with what looked like paint. The receptionist took us firstly to the wrong…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1075-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than expected.,After reading the mediocre reviews. I was a little anxious about this place. However the hotel is well located in a pleasant street a short walk from Victoria station. We were greeted by friendly staff. Our room was on the ground floor  but ok as street quiet. Very clean with a good sized bathroom. Good value. Only criticism would be the noisy air con,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1080-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Terrible, not at all what the photos on the website showed it to be.",I booked a single room well in advance. I arrived and was taken to a tiny room with a huge crack down the wall measuring maybe 12 ft square without the furnishings and finish as seen on the hotel website.The shower room and toilet is separate and shared. When I booked I was told this would cost £344 for wed and thurs. I am here now and have to stay as I can't find any rooms elsewhere. The customer care is very lacking. I can't speak with the manager as he left and is not reachable apparently. I have been told I will have a better room tomorrow. Wholly unacceptable. Ironic that the course I attended today covered how to deal with patient complaints. If you're thinking of booking please don't. ,Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1080-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as I thought,"Arrived @ hotel around 15.30 it was busy @ the reception some customer kicking off!! Got checked in we had a nice room, though after reading they have had a major revamp the attention to detail was lacking, ie no light bulb in bedside lamp water stain down the wall from a leak!  no toilet roll holder. It states that fully stocked mini bar but only couple of soft drinks & bar of chocolate. The bed was extremely soft, but adequate. Breakfast was ok we just had the continental. We found the staff very pleasant.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1080-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",REALLY not that bad... But were we just lucky?,"I won a stay at Tophams, with theatre tickets from my company.  Myself and my partner had been reading these awful reviews and cringing for weeks, quite frankly I was dreading it and preparing for the worst... Thankfully I was pleasantly surprised.  Upon arrival we found the staff to be courteous and welcoming even though we checked in hours before 2pm check in, our room was ready.  I was disappointed I had to pay £50 deposit, partly because my mantra in London is 'spend spend spend'- what if I ran out of cash?  Anyway we were given room 104, this must have been one of the better 'website photo' rooms- very nice and faultlessly clean.  Decor was neutral but well thought out(Tk Maxx)   Unfortunately the shower didn't work and we only had 3 tv channels but I like a bath and who…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1080-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Convenient,"Young man on the door was very helpful in taking our luggage to our rooms and opening the door for us every time we wanted to access or leave the hotel. Very convenient, close to station and to all the theaters. We had dinner and breakfast at the hotel, both were enjoyable. A selection of DVD's were available to us to view for free and there was a small passage where I could enjoy a read of the papers and use the internet. Room was comfortable and clean although there was an odor of stale air on arrival but cleared after opening the windows. Room was a bit small, with the en-suite door opening against the bed. Room was lacking natural light. In all a very enjoyable stay",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1080-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea at Tophams....doubt if we will return,"Had an offer for afternoon tea at the hotel, entrance and reception looked good, led into dining room, which was light but no windows and felt very warm and stiffled by the end. Sandwiches were cucumber, salmon, cheese and ham ( all pre-packed by the looks of them ) two large lumps of cake and big hard scones. Even for the 2 for 1 offer it still seemed like a rip off.... sorry Tophams, but your afternoon tea was a dissapointment.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1085-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not too bad-don't worry if you have booked here!,"To be honest after reading lots of bad reviews on trip advisor I really was very nervous about staying here!  My friend had booked via late rooms but had booked a non-refundable room so when we read the reviews and wanted to swap hotels we were told there was no way this would be possible.  Great!  A bit of a worry considering I'm almost 6 months pregnant and we were reading all kinds of things about no en-suite rooms, camp beds and alternative hotels which sounded awful.  So, my friend decided to call the hotel repeatedly checking the room we booked was available as booked with en-suite etc.  This seemed to have worked because when we arrived for the bank holiday weekend, checking in at 4pm on the Saturday, everything was fine!  Phew! The lift is a bit small but to be honest we…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1085-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",An unpleasant hotel choice,"This was booked through lastminute  website for our wedding anniversary. We paid online in advance,  but on arrival the staff demanded a credit card to take fifty pounds deposit from us, reportedly because they had several folk leave without paying. I declined to give our information over as we had already paid and were not intending to have anything from the bar etc as we had just been on the Orient Express  and were going out to meet friends.  Despite this and my protestation that I did not have  credit card or any inclination to be penalised for other customers misdemeanours, my husband relented and provided his financial detials which I felt was a mistake.  He was not provided with a receipt against my better judgement and on leaving we were simply waved out by a different…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1085-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a 4* but comfortable,"We stayed here for a night and were more than a little afraid, judging by the reviews we had read.   We were dealt with very swiftly by reception and all the staff were very friendly. We arrived earlier than check in but they made sure our room was cleaned ASAP and we were fine. However, we heard the receptionist on the telephone to another hotel discussing what to do with the ""over booked guests"" and that they had ""minus three"" to deal with. As we left reception, she was discussing with a colleague that it was going to be a ""bloody tough day"".  The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Could have easily slept in it all day! The decor was nice and very modern. The room was slightly small but we expected that from the ""boutique"" aspect. Basic finishings were required…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1085-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nightmare on Ebury Street,"First two rooms I was given were grubby and didn't look like they had been properly cleaned since the previous guests had escaped. Finally given another room on the top floor (no lift). Had to get my key changed as it didn't open the outside door (my room was in the building beside the one that reception was located in). The whole experience was summed up perfectly by another couple of guests who, when finding me stuck outside trying to get in, told me not to worry and that I shouldn't be in too much of a rush to get in as I'd only want to leave once I'd seen the state of the place!  My advice is... don't go there!",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1085-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A comboy operation..,"The hotel is promoted as a newly renovated luxary hotel. At a first look this seems to be the case but a closer look reveals a cowboy operation. The hotel is clearly lacking some finishing touches.. At arrival the cleaning lady was still in the room, when finally left alone it only took 10 minutes before another member of staff entered the room, without knocking. We then wanted to lock the door but found that the lock did not work. Other things that did not function was the fridge and the remote control. During the night you can choose to leave the extremly loud air con on or switch it off and sweat it out. Now, time for breakfast...",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1090-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Top Notch,"I very much enjoyed my stay at the Tophams in London England on Ebury Street. The staff at the front desk were all very proffessional, polite and accommodating. My room was very nice, extremely clean and quiet. The housekeeping staff were very efficient cleaning the room each day. The staff in the restaurant were excellent! The breakfast was delicious and the staff were willing to accommodate any special requests ( extra coffee, tea etc)  I will definitely stay at the Tophams hotel on my next trip to the UK.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1090-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Staff with a bad attitude and far from impressed,"Booking 2010 - The Goring was fully booked with many other family members and so I booked The Topham Hotel (in our own name and credit card), a twin room for 3 nights for my employers sister - (a VIP) and her daughter who were in London for a large family wedding, who wanted to be close to her immediate family who live in Belgravia. Tophams Hotel were aware of our name and the guests names.   I went in advance to book in person and received an excellent and attentive service from the very sweet receptionist and was assured that our specific requirements would be met, the guests were expected on an early morning flight from USA.  The receptionist was very helpful and kindly informed us to telephone on the morning in question and that if no guests were in the room, our guests…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1090-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great service, excellent location","This hotel is in an excellent location very close to Victoria station. You can easily walk it, even with luggage.  The hotel has a very pleasant atmosphere the staff (including Sarah) are welcoming and helpful. It has a very 'family' feel while still retaining professional standards.  The rooms are small compared to north America but this is par for the course in London. The rooms are very clean and tasteful. The bathrooms though small have a tub as well as shower and are nicely finished. The hotel itself is a typical georgian town house that has been divided into rooms. It retains many original features, while having a very boutique feel.  Other plus points free wifi. I have stayed twice now. Both twin rooms, unfortunately the second time there was not a 'twin' room available…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1090-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor welcome and rude reception,"I went today for a high tea at the hotel following a kgb deal. The lady who greeted us was rude because I didn't have a print out then once I used their computer to get the voucher (which I wasn't told about) then told me I couldn't have lunch because I hadn't confirmed my booking on the day. When I explained that I wasn't told I needed to reserve the lady then backtracked and said go and find a seat! We asked to speak to the manager twice while we were there who didn't show up. The hotel looked nice, but based on service and the staff I would not recommend this hotel",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1090-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing but could have been worse [and don't worry it you have booked this place!],"I was booked into the Tophams by a company I was working for in Sloane Square and whilst the location is good for Victoria, the hotel itself was pretending to be something it can never be.  I was a bit worried about staying here after reading other reviews, but the place was fine, just not as good as where I normally stay [One Aldwych] and certainly not a 4 star.  Firstly the room i had on the ground floor was clean and had everything i needed [including air conditioning, on what happened to be a stinking hot day]  The reasons it could have been worse; the room was tiny and i mean very small, so it was a good job I was travelling alone. It was supposed to be a double room but the bed was only a 4ft6 bed and there was definitely not enough room for two people. I would suggest…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1095-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Still owe me 200ukp, over a year later","Upon arrival I was told they were overbooked and would I mind being moved to another hotel.  Not ideal, but I agreed.  The other hotel (City Inn) was great.  However, I had to pay for the new hotel, and was pretty annoyed when Tophams took my £200 for the room at their hotel that I didn't stay in.  Dozens of emails and phone calls later I still have not had my money back.  Avoid.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1095-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst afternoon tea I've ever had,"I have been for a fair amount of afternoon teas and this one was by far the worst.  My friend and I eventually managed to get through on the phone number given and booked for a Monday afternoon.  When we got there, the receptionist showed us to an empty dining room, where a waitress looked surprised at having customers and told us we could sit anywhere.  It was a blazing hot day, and the dining room had a glass ceiling so the place felt like a greenhouse.  We were given a tea menu, which had a poor selection of Twinings tea bags, and I then had to wait 15 minutes while one of the receptionists ran to the shop to buy a box of the tea I'd asked for (although the waitress didn't actually bother to tell me this until I asked why it was taking so long).  We still hadn't received any…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1095-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",More style than substance,"Central London can be a nightmare if you need accommodation at the last minute. I understand now why Tophams had late rooms.  Stayed 1 night on business. At £176.00 it you don't expect budget standard, but I also know this doesn't buy luxury in London. Located convenient for Victoria station, but be warned -   print the directions. It is not easy to locate and don't even bother to ring the reception staff, they directed me on a three block detour. Arriving dripping wet I expected a smooth check in. most of the staff are european and clearly more familiar with the relaxed approach of Mediterranean destinations. Despite needing to mop the spot where I stood for check in, they made no  effort to speed up the process, gave me the wrong room direction and after becoming lost in the…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1095-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",STAY AWAY,"Terrible hotel , very small rooms at very high price for what it is .   You are woken at 6am by guests and staff walking past your room and this goes on all morning, it sounded like someone moving furniture up stairs all morning  plus every footstep can be heard also you can hear every car, van , lorry drive past your window from early morning. Hotel needs soundproofing.   My shower was cold and the handle fell of in my hand! TV only has basic channels and not any films. Although you can use DVD's down stairs!! Is 1990!!  I was charged £2 for a bottle of water - every hotel Iv stayed in in the last 5 years has a free bottle of water in the room, especially these priced hotels!!  Reception very open and all can hear your business  The saying all fur and no Kn****** springs to…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1095-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Wonderful little hotel,"My husband and I recently came to stay in London as part of an anniversary treat and decided on Tophams and what a little gem we found. It's in a lovely quiet location just near Victoria Station and we really enjoyed our two night stay, we even got a box of chocolates as they knew it was a romantic occasion. It was nice to see staff going out there way to make our stay special.   If we get a chance we'll be back.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What a disaster...,Quite simply - a disaster. They didn't have the twin room we had booked; made do with a double; awful reception area where you get to hear everybody else's business and they hear yours - because the staff will SHOUT at you over the heads of guests already at the desk; breakfast not ready a half hour after it is due to start; no bar; overpriced 'taxi??' with no meter; rude staff who could do with a course in customer service; teeny tiny rooms.....a very very poor excuse for a 'hotel'. Decent location with Victoria station around the corner and lovely decor but that's as good as it gets....a bunch of clueless girls playing at 'hotels' it seems to me. Awful.,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea....Tophams have a lot to learn!!!!!,"I went for afternoon tea at this hotel with my husband and two friends. Admittedly we were on a 'Two teas for £20 voucher' but this experience was dreadful. This hotel has no idea how a cream tea should be!!! We had booked a table for 3pm and arrived at 2.45pm. We were shown into the breakfast room, which was actually set up for breakfast and told to sit anywhere.  Our order was taken and the pots of tea were brought up immeadiately. Whilst we were waiting for our food to arrive I heard the couple at the table next to us ask for some clotted cream ( a staple of a traditional cream tea), only to be told that there hadn't been a delivery that day and so there wasn't any. I called over the manageress who confirmed that there was no clotted cream but offered to whip up some double…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible Service - avoid avoid avoid!,Booked in at this hotel at a  rate of £450 per night. Upon arrival was told that there had been a problem with their system and we didn't have a room. Got transferred to their 'sister' hotel.. what a dump. Looked it up on internet and the hotel we ended up at only cost £68.00 per night. Hotel refused to refund us our money and we had additional costs as well. Apparently this is common problem with this  hotel! Shame the hotel itself (what little we saw) appeared to be nicely decorated and at first the staff seemed pleasant until things didn't go to  plan. Would  not book at again and would recommend any one double checked their booking here and only book on your credit card so you have the protection.,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Be Aware...Might Want To Go Somewhere Else.,"I am not one to say bad things, unless warranted...okay, let it be said that this hotel is owned by the same person who owns the Park Lane Mews in Mayfair... The hotel, rooms, staff, location, etc. needs help. No place in the lobby to sit and relax without being in the way of the copy machine or staff. The staff yells at the help in a middleeast-type language, the floors creak like you wouldn't believe, no soundproofing, the rooms are boutique-itsy, my mirror was cracked/missing...it took them 30 minutes to get me a ride (who turned out to be their driver with no meter and a high charge!), when I asked for a taxi! NO TAXI-DRIVER had EVER heard of the place, so it was wretched to find! But hey, at least I had a desk and intermittent wifi. I like some boutique hotels, but I did…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1100-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lovely front desk staff and stylish boutique hotel,"I stayed at Tophams Hotel for one week in room 111, a great cozy, clean and quiet double room with a lovely staircase to the bathroom. Receptionists,who are all lovely and friendly girls did their best to provide an excellent customer service and made me feel at ease! The hotel is really beautiful with a wonderful decor. Actually i am really surprised about the bad reviews because i didn't have anything to complain about it and i stayed in that hotel for one week and everything was just perfect!! I will stay there again and i suggest boutique hotels to everyone cause they make you feel like your at home.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not what its made out to be,"I booked this hotel on Expedia - the pictures looked great, the reviews weren't the greatest, but I thought people rarely go on and write good reviews.  My first impression of the hotel was that it was actually quite nice.  The reception area was small but cozy, you could see into the breakfast area, and it was decorated well.  I was quite shocked when the receptionist who was helping us said come this way, and proceeded to take us down the street (about 100 meters) to one of the other parts of the hotel.  We were taken to the very end unit (I belive it is called the Belgravia) where we had to carry our luggage up two flights of stairs (isn't so bad, but we weren't even offered assistance). Once in our room, it immediately smelled like mould.  I wanted to leave, but my boyfriend…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice friendly boutique hotel,Friendly front desk.  Nice decor in my room and a comfy bed.,Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't bother. Absolute joke.,If you want a laugh... Stay here. If not it might be worthntaking into consideration the lunacy of thenprices to stay in this hotel. Thank goodness I read the reviews here or we would have fallen for the dungeon walk. Beware if the receptionist takes you out of the hotel and down the road! They try to make out that there was a mistake with the booking and that we had actually booked the Belgravia which is a gross filthy bedside kind of place with dirty brown carpets and blood on the wall. We didn't even look into the room but laued and told the receptionist to sort out her 'little mistake' When we finally got checked into out room at Tophams I went to the toilet and the whole toilet seat fell off. I then had to walk over soaking wet carpet to get back into the tiny bedroom. I…,Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not the top !,"TV remote did not work, no tissues in the room, no laundry bag, toiletries consisted of a tiny bar of soap and a sachet of indiscriminate gel. Buffet breakfast was not properly stocked (bacon holder empty.) Bar does not serve alcohol !! Great location for Victoria about the only redeeming feature. Maybe the relatively cheap rate for a single room booked online may explain sloppy standards but I have had better at half the price.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1105-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrified Single Female Business Traveller - DONT STAY HERE!,"I arrived late at night at Tophams (11pm) and all i wanted to do was order room service and go to bed! Upon arrival this hotel looks nice, reception etc was well decorated ( i suspect a small number of their rooms may actually be decorated like this and hence look like what was advertised) however it only took a few mins for me to be given the 'we have overbooked' scam that is mentioned repeatedly in other reviews. I was then taken down the street to a 'mews apartment' which frankly was a grubby squat for want of a better description, it was truly filthy and i would not let a stray dog sleep here. Tiny room with a toilet inside a cupboard and an open shower in the room which had leaked on the carpet (which was stinking), next discovery was that the single ( child size bed) had…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never again,"We stayed just for 2 nights. We had to share a double room even though we were booked a twin room. Reception staff don't know the meaning of ""hospitality"". Customer service and friendliness non existent by reception staff. We asked for toasted sandwiches...we got 2 slices of cold toast with slice ham/cheese between & tomato & cucumber slices in a bowl. Breakfast was fine with reasonably pleasant staff. The bar had closed a few weeks previously. Great location...but wherever did they get a 4star rating from??? We got one bath towel plus a few small hand towels each day. As I say it left alot to be desired.!!!",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst place I have styaed in London - honestly.,"To set the scene, I stay in London most weeks and so I have stayed in a lot of hotels in London - some good, some bad and then Tophams!  In June, London hotels are usually fully booked and this June was no exception.  Booking last minute is always a lottery but Tophams took the biscuit.  I was charged £193 via Laterooms and so even at London prices, it should have been bearable.  however, it was the worst I have stayed in.  I checked in at 6.30pm and so was given the last available room, which was shockingly bad.  Firstly, my en-suite was actually a shared bathroom halfway down the hallway.  Secondly, the room was the size of a postage stamp and the miniscule cupboard didn'ty have any coat hangers.  Thirdly, there were no curtains and so when dark the hotel opposite could see me…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Afternoon tea- Atroicious and abysmal,"I complained about the ""afternoon tea"" we had at Tophams Hotel, listed as a 4 **** hotel and based in the heart of Belgravia. The tea was priced at £19 for two people, but was allegedly valued at £64 for two.  The tea was booked by my sister as a treat for my daughter's birthday the following Saturday and my mother's birthday the previous Saturday.  The entire experience was very disappointing. It was clear that the hotel had no concept of what constituted a proper English afternoon tea. The fiasco commenced with the staff providing us with pots of tea, which were acceptable enough in themselves. However, we had to wait some time and in fact ended up asking when the rest of the afternoon tea would arrive. We were then presented with a three tier cake platter of only cakes, which…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Please do NOT stay here or Knightsbridge Green,"Unfortunately our experience mirrors several others on these and other review sites - really wish I'd not been in such a hurry and read them first! We booked an ""Executive double room. Breakfast included. Brand new stylishly decorated rooms with King Size bed etc etc"". When we arrived we were taken 50yards down the road outside the main hotel and shown a grubby basement room with none of the promised facilities. We complained and were and were given the 'sorry, overbooked but we do have a room of the promised standard in another hotel' story. We went along with this and were taken to the Knightsbridge Green where again the room was standard at best (in a shabby rundown sort of way) without bar or restaurant facilities and being advertised as 4 Star (that's not flattering…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1110-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It's ok if you don't want to sleep rough!,The title sums up how desperate I would need to be to consider going back.  They had a room for us but it stank - literally stank.  It was that stomach churning dank moldy smell and very overpowering.  The carpert was stained and the paint was peeling off the walls.  We explained the situation to reception who said nothing could be done they were fully booked.  I raised the issue again when checking out to be told that we should have asked to be moved the night before as they had rooms spare!!! (we stayed on the 13th July).  The excuse was that they had been flooded!! They promised a manager would call us today - no phone call.  £350 spent on the worst hotel stay I have experienced to date.,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",WE CALLED THE POLICE!!,"My husband was booked into Tophams by the company with whom he was doing business.  I had read the scary reviews but did not want to be a bother to the UK company and thought, well, forewarned is forearmed, right?  Wrong!!  I called the hotel personally the day before our arrival to let them know that we would be arriving at around midnight and was told that this would not be a problem.  Then, lo and behold, upon arrival, the receptionist disappears for about 5 minutes, comes back and tells us that we would have to go to another hotel.  I protest vehemently as a shadowy figure of a man lurks about.  I ask if he is the manager and the girl says, no, he is a guest.  We say we are not leaving but she was just not budging (at first saying that the previous guest had been sick in the…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",There really is a superior B&B near Victoria Station within budget,"I associate B&Bs near Victoria Station with 70's tat, poor service, and rip off tourist prices.  Many of these hotels have all the charm of a prison visit.  So, when I booked Tophams Hotel on Ebury Street, I did it more for the walking distance to the station, then for any expectation that it would actually be NICE.  I could hardly believe my luck.  The staff was courteous and professional, and the rooms were the usual smallish size you expect in converted residences, but they were tasteful, clean, and comfortable.  This was a bonus on top of the fact that you are just around the corner from Victoria.  Highly recommended!",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing - not value for money & staff need a little work,"I thought I'd try the Tophams as I am a fan of boutique properties.  The rooms were duly small - as is the way with old London buildings, but they were clean and air conditioned.  The staff were OK, not overly friendly and because the majority were from Eastern Europe we had a few misunderstandings - the biggest being the ordering of a cab for 7PM that arrived at 7AM the folllowing morning. The breakfast was basic! Again it would've been nice to see a smile from the staff .. afterall it was a continental buffet - all they had to do was provide a pot of tea.  Unless there are offers on - I won't be returning.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",KGB afternoon tea experience,"We visited this hotel last month for an afternoon tea special offer from Kgb deals. We received excellent friendly service. The waitresses were  very helpful and attentive, regularly checking  all was well and bringing extra tea when needed.  The sandwiches were tasty and varied, we enjoyed salmon, cream cheese + cucumber and also cheese + tomato. I will have to mention we were disappointed with the cake selection. The cakes seemed poor quality and not at all special for a four star hotel. We had some scones which were toasted and a very small pot of jam/ cream for two. I have never had toasted scones before, and I wondered if at the time whether they had been  toasted because they were slighty stale!  Having said that we were offered a glass of iced water before leaving and…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1115-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",definately not 4 star!!!!,"I stayed overnight 5th July. I had booked using expedia 'top secret' hotels, but still wasn't cheap. when i arrived i was told that the computers had crashed and they were overbooked and all they could offer me was a room without a bathroom. i have subsequently read the previous trip advisor reviews and discovered that this has happened frequently in the past weeks and months!! i was lead to a room that had a double mattress with single headboard and a single pillow. there were cracks on the walls, very little space around the bed (but i generally expect that in London!), no iron, no hairdryer and no extra pillows/blankets. i tried to phone down and the phone didn't work -i could hear them but they could not hear me. the TV had variable reception on cable channels.  the bathroom…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Never, ever, ever book this hotel!!!","Arrived on Friday evening and was informed there had been an issue with systems and we would be moved to sister hotel. Sister hotel was awful, dirty, dank, horrendous and the lies from Tophams Mgt appalling. Do not ever book this hotel! We had to make alternative arrangements at 1am in the morning to stay elsewhere. We have reported this hotel and the group to Trading Standards and Lastminute.com",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Five Stars for Gross Misrepresentation,"I have never felt the need to write a review before but... The good points are: it was warm (and even too warm). The bed was comfy and the staff were pleasant.  The bad points included: My door key did not work on 3 separate occasions (no apology). Each time I had to go back down to reception. The DVD player did not work. A young lady did come to sort it out and managed to open the DVD player, but unfortunately did not wait to see if  the player could read the DVD. When I rang down again, it was suggested that I change room. 25 minutes later, a different lady came to take me to a new room. The DVD player still did not work, along with the warm fridge and burnt out light bulbs, in all 3 lamps. I am still waiting for the DVD player to be mended. The Room service pasta (£9) looked…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good Location. Not 4-Star. But a perfectly fine 3-Star,"This hotel is not nearly as bad as other reviews would have you believe. Its easy to see how it was 4-star once, but the rooms are poorly maintained. So if you want luxury Topham's falls short. The magic is destroyed by shabby details. The TV didn't work very well, a wardrobe door was loose, a window didn't shut properly, and a few other small things broke the spell. Because we were expecting 4-Star quality we felt cheated.  One major problem was that the hotel could not provide a working baby cot. This was dangerous.  The location is excellent and that is why we chose to stay here. We travelled with small children and access to the Underground with buggies can be very difficult in places. We arrived to Heathrow and were able to get to the Tube to Hyde Park Corner without…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Afternoon tea - at best ok, generally poor","We went for afternoon tea in June on a kgb deal.  At best, everything was ok.  The staff were extremely variable in terms of service.  Of about 6 (reception and waiting) staff, at least 4 looked pretty miserable or unfriendly.  However, 2 of the ladies serving seemed reasonably attentive and helpful.    The decor of the downstairs lobby/ hallway area is nice, but everything goes a bit downhill from there.  When we arrived at our table, there were crumbs and dirt around - it hadn't really been properly cleaned.  The food quality was poor - very cheap fizz, and cheap tasting cakes and sandwiches.  Feels like an afternoon tea based on cheapo ingredients purchased from somewhere like Lidl or Aldi.  I was disappointed.  Apparently, this is worth £32 per head, but the quality you get…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1120-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A beautiful pleasant hotel,I recently booked a room for myself and my wife at Tophams hotel and wanted to share my thoughts as I can see there are some bad reviews. We loved this boutique hotel in the heart of belgravia friendly staff and perfect location. As we were going to gatwick the following day and it was only a 3 minute walk! The staff helped us in our journey and even took the time to check the times of the trains for us. Before we left we had afternoon tea which my wife had booked the day before- delicious!,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not what I expected,"I booked this on last minute .com as is said it was boutique etc. The staff are lovely girls very welcoming  check in was really smooth. The rest is downhill we had room 207 right beside the lifts!! noisy all night!!! The floor covering's were filthy,the mattress was cheap not 4 star!!,the shower in the bathroom had a broken holfer so I had to shower with the shower head in my hand.The sound proofing is minimal and I could hear what was going on all around me! The decor is border line ok quirky and fun at reception but the room was smallest I have ever stayed in, I would not recomend this hotel if you want boutique in this price range go to the Rafayel it is boutique clean and spacious with good food on offer!!",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, good staff but I wouldn't give it a four star rating","I just came back from a trip to London and I stayed at the Tophams hotel from June 11-13. The location was fantastic and the area was very quiet, it is very close to Victoria station and Buckingham palace.  The room was very clean and cute but it was a little noisy, because the floors creaked.  The only thing that I have to complain about in our room is the mattress.  It was very soft and I didn't have a very good sleep, but I understand that it was probably the only way to get the mattress into the room because the hallways are a little tight.  However, overall the room was very cosy and comfortable.  Another little thing that I have to say is that because I was celebrating my birthday weekend, a friend of mine had sent a bottle of wine to my room but unfortunately I never…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not a 'luxury 4 star',"I very rarely write reviews, however, due to how bad our stay was I felt it necessary.  Unlike many reviews I will start on the positive, the staff were more than helpful, they did all they could unfortunately they are not empowered to give refunds.  Our room was average and we were woken at 06:00am from noise above, the rooms were small but fine for the single night we were there if we had actually slept!  I would not stay here again an am awaiting a response from the management! Surely it is only natural to assume one will sleep at a hotel, not here!!",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The Vampires of Belgravia,"Just read some reviews and laughed out loud. Yes, very scary receptionist who after earmarking £100 on our credit card and telling us we were only allowed a 'continental breakfast', then informed us in a sinister tone 'You're in room 101'. Thankfully, room 101 was beautiful, quiet and had an AWESOME ensuite! Yes, breakfast quite rubbish really for the money- not just limited food but there was just NO SPACE between tables- everyone was crammed in like sardines and looking rather stressed [not me - I was far too busy enjoying a child free weekend!] On the plus side, the location was perfect for us but looking at other reviews, you really do take your chances with this one.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1125-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This was really home from home whilst I was studying,"I was studying at the Mall Galleries in London from May 30th to June 4th and chose originally the Belgrave Mews which is part of Tophams but when I got to the hotel, the delightful young lady who was on reception, seeing that I was booked for five nights and that I would need space and also that I would really like a room with a bath immediately up graded me into Tophams, with a room with bath and separate shower, double bed which was so comfortable and also a balcony out over Ebury Street.  They accommodated my rather difficult dietry needs (gluten and lactose free) with grace and ease and altogether all the lovely girl staff who were nearly all northern italian were fabulous.  I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough and particularly single out Francesca and Nina as super.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Will return without hesitation,"I travel to London regularly on business and frequently book my hotel last minute. The best of which recently is certainly The Tophams Hotel in Belgravia . Great value, good location, pleasant helpful staff and very comfortable accommodation. Granted I've only stayed one night, 31/5/11 but I'll certainly return and would encourage other travellers to experience it for themselves.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Never again, A Wolf in sheeps clothing","Small rooms, very poor room service, no replenishment of toiletries. Asked for £50 on credit  card. Did so reluctantly as refused to allow check in without doing so.  Breakfast didnt resemble what was on the menu. No cheeses, cold meats, yoghurts, fresh bread as advertised.  We booked bed & breakfast which is what we paid for but were told it was continental only on arrival. We didnt complain but asked to upgrade to the full english which was £3 more than the continental at £14.95. We were told that we would have to pay the full amount as our continenatal breakfast was complimentary. Not according to our booking form which stated we paid for the breakfast. We didnt take them up on their less than kind offer. The dining area was stifling hot. The kitchen must have been no more…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"I turned up late after a long day to find that they had no room for me and said they would find another 4* hotel and that I should pay £80 and get a full refund of my 'special offer' price of £128 via lastminute.com.  I was not the only one and after a while I was taken to the Hutton hotel, where there was no restaurant, the TV didn't work, I had a noisy room next to reception and a cold shower the next morning and only a continental breakfast that I couldn't face (unless I paid more again but it didn't look appetising).  Afterwards, when I followed up with lastminute.com,  Tophams then said I shouldn't have paid as they were 'transferring' me and lastminute.com had no idea this had happened.  I am told I can only have back the £80, so I paid £128 for a very bad night.  I find…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I can't believe the reviews are for the same hotel in which we stayed,"I booked this hotel through lastminute.com 'Secret Hotels"" When i read the reviews, I was filled with foreboding and was ready to cancel my booking, As it turned out, we had an excellent stay for 2 nights in an attractive and well equiped hotel. The room was clean, attractively furnished.  My wife and I had one of the best night's sleep we've ever had in an hotel. i wouldn't hesitate staying there again or in recommending it to someone. An excellent stay. What a shame it has received such bad reviews. Our experience was quite different",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1130-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Staff unwelcoming, Rooms small.","Staff stood around chatting to each other, I was totally ignored, rooms very small & shabby furniture. On the plus side.... nice central location",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor,"We didn't stay at this hotel but went for afternoon tea on a Groupon deal and if this experience was a guide then we would recommend you avoid this place. To begin with we felt rather ignored and then the afternoon tea arrived! If this was the best that a 4* hotel can muster then there is no hope! Sandwiches were of the processed ham and cheese slice variety. Scones were very good but cakes were identical to a well known supermarket  ""value range"". I know we were taking advantage of a special deal but this was very very poor for a hotel of this class. Be warned!",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not what I expected for the money.,"When we pre-paid for a weeks stay at the hotel we told ourselves we were going to live in style for a week since we were paying $250 us dollars a night. We are from Las Vegas and you can get a pretty nice room for that kind of money. What we got was a very small room with what they call a king size bed. It was a queen at best. The room was clean and the bed was ok. Our stay was not bad but for the money I expected the small details to be in order. The safe had no instructions and we had to call and have someone come to the room, there was no iron or ironing board like the book said every room was equipped with, the shower door has a gap in it so there is a lake on the floor after you use it, no wash cloths(maybe an English thing),the DVD player in the room didn't work, but they…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely awful AVOID AVOID AVOID,"Truly terrible. we booked 3 twin rooms many weeks ago. On arivial we were told only one was available. Someone else had asked for a single so they gave it to them! I ended up sleeping on a kids put-me-up camping bed which they laughingly called an additional bed. Staff origianlly put me in the wrong room so having showered they made me move. Staff very unhelpful, had no idea what they were doing and no appology. The bar has no spirits - onl bottle beer or lemonade. The breakfast at £15 is an absolute disgrace. No food there to start with, took ages to come and was cold and completely tasteless. Dont stay in the Mews rooms. There is no window, paint is peeling from the walls in the batchroom, mould is seen around bath and shower. I've stayed in far better B&B for a fraction of…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't trust them to cancel your booking,"I booked this hotel for two nights through Laterooms.com. unfortunatly I had to cancel, this was confirmed and  was done at no charge as per the terms & conditions of the booking. My Barclaycard  was then charged £318.00 by the hotel for the two night booking. I am having trouble getting the money repaid by the hotel, and have had to contact Barclaycard.",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1135-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",It isn't as bad as some reviews make out,I booked this hotel before I had read the terrible reviews that are on this site.  By then it was too late.  I do agree with some of the thimgs that people have written but from my point of view this is what I found:  The staff were friendly and helpful but I could never understand why such a quiet hotel had so many staff on their reception 'table' which is what it really is.  The corridors are extremely narrow and the room was very small (but it was supposed to be a single).  The room was adequate.  The toilet had a little bit of a smell but this didn't affect the room.  The shower was lovely and powerful but unfortunately the shower tray was so shallow it was very easy to flood the bathroom.  The furniture in the room looked a little cheap and there clearly had been a badly…,Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Should have stayed in a hostel for what it was worth!!!,"I checked  into the hotel tophams last night, which I booked through lastminute.com through the top secret hotel. When I checked in the double room I booked was not available and they tried to put me into a different building of the main hotel. As soon as I walked in I could feel the dampness and even see the mold on the ceiling. I told them that I would not stay there and it was a health hazard. I was then given a single in the main building that was not ensuite, did not have a kettle, a working phone, tv, or an iron in the room. All of these things were gaurs teed as part of my booking. I then had topack my bags so they could finally change me into the room I booked, but not till the afternoon since the cleaning staff did not arrive till later, so I had to used the shared…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised...,"I booked myself and two colleagues into the Topham prior to reading the reviews, which I must admit left us more than slightly apprehensive.  We dubiously arrived at the hotel and were all alllocated 'Mews Rooms' which are on the lower level. Mine was clean, was far larger than anticipated given the price and the location. In fairness, it could have done with a lick of paint in some places, but nothing to particularly offend.  Staff at Reception were more than helpful and friendly, particularly the American lady (apologies for not catching her name).  I understand that others may not have had as pleasant an experience, and admittedly we only stayed for one night, but again, for the price, in Belgravia, pleasantly surprised.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than expected!,"I only read the previous reviews after I had booked this as a secret hotel on lastminute.com and was dreading our stay... but it turned out to be really nice.    Our room was clean and looked recently refurbished with modern boutique style decor.    The location is really handy for Victoria Station and the Belgravia / Knightsbridge area but is on a quiet street so there was little noise at night.   The only minor disappointments were a slightly soft bed, leaky shower and only 4 channels on the TV with no radio stations.  We were room only so I dont know what the restaurant was like.  Overall a great hotel for the price we paid but I may have been slightly disappointed if we had paid full price.  The four star hotel rating is probably a bit ambitious.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Absolutely Shocking, definately not 4*, wouldn't even give it 1*!!!","This has got to be the worst hotel I have stayed in.  Firstly the Receptionists are not friendly and very disorganised. The hotel rooms are tiny.  I tried to open my room door and it hit the bed, it was so close certainly a H & S Hazard.   The bathroom was disgusting, dirty and the grout was black in the shower cubicle. The bed was too soft and lumpy and sloped.  There was no quilt cover on the bed, it had 2 sheets folded into the quilt.  The throw was covered in stains and the towels did not get replaced on a daily basis, they were folded up and put back on the towel rail. The breakfasts were shocking and the waitresses spent too much time faffing about wanting signatures and room numbers.  Their service was a disgrace and the food was disgusting! Only good point was the…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1140-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not as bad as painted,The reviews on this hotel made me a little wary but my experience wasn't too bad. To be honest I don't think it's worth a 4 star rating though. Bathroom shower leaked badly so had to mop up water myself. Bedroom decor was a little flaky in parts of my room. My room wasn't ready when given the key to it. Indeed it looked like the previous guest had just left. Had to wait almost an hour before the room was made ready. I also overheard a clear row between reception and houskeeping staff. I too was asked to pre authorise a card payment even though the room was fully paid. It created an impression that charges were going to be made even when they weren't. The hotel has clear potential to be so much better but cost savings here and there let it down badly such as little milk cartons…,Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ok,A good location but some interesting quirks in the service offering,Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Worst hotel experience, ever.","I booked a standard double room in a “Beautifully refurbished Belgravia boutique hotel” at a cost of £158.35 through lastminute.com.  When I checked in, I was told there had been “a problem” with my booking, although no-one could tell me what that problem was.  I was then escorted by the receptionist out the door and down the street to the Belgravia Mews Hotel, where I was shown my room.  The room was down in the basement and, to my absolute disbelief, had no windows.  I would compare it to a prison cell, but even that would at least have a window and some ventilation.  The order confirmation states that “All the rooms are equipped with a safe, air conditioning and Wi-Fi internet access” but my room did not contain any of those.  It also promised “a work desk, tea/coffee making…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The single most unpleasant hotel experience I have ever had in the UK,"We were told there was a computer malfinction and that we would have to share a room, despite 2 doubles being booked! I exlained that sharing a room with my boss was not acceptable so they gave me a room in a hovel just down the street that they also own, it was revolting. Brown effluent came up in the shower every time you or the neighboring rooms used the sink/toilet and the smell was revolting. The staff could not care less either! When I got back to my hovel later that night it stank of gas and waste and the electric was not working so a rather surly girl managed to get the electric working for me. It was just a horrible experience. The breakfast was vile and the room was worse than anything i stayed in anywhere in the world when I was a student backpacking. the carpets were…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Appalling service - deceitful & lying staff,"We turned up to check in to a double room which we had pre-paid on lastminute.com.  When I arrived, we were told that the computer had malfunctioned and that they could only offer us a twin room. Given that we'd prepaid for the room and had a double confirmed, we were unhappy and calmly expressed this to the staff.   They then offered us two alternatives. The first was to transfer to a ""very nice hotel"" in South Kensington for which they'd pay the taxi fare. The second option was to stay in rooms they owned a couple of doors up, although the rooms ""weren't of the same standard"". Given that we'd chosen Victoria for it's location to the station we thought we'd have a look at the rooms on the same street.   We were shown what could only have been a two star room, which was…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1145-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Shabby, over-priced and generally poor","£170 should get you a decent room for the night.  First impressions not bad.  Great location and quiet road.  Nice reception area, but then the problems begin. Room cramped and very stuffy - air con is just that - a con!  Boutique style but shabby fittings and poor cleaning standards.  Breakfast service lamentable and check out staff had the customer service style of a 1970's Woolworth's check-out operative.  Really, incredibly poor.  Avoid this and don't line the pockets of the owner!",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Misleading advertising and poor quality.,"Sadly, booked this hotel through lastminute.com, so could not cancel the reservation. I stayed in room 109 for 2 days- here is a list of my complaints. 1)  arrived at hotel about 4pm and was told by reception that they had not made up my bed as they linen had not arrived from the laundromat 2) insisted on taking a GBP 50 deposit per night, but have actually put a charge through- and still waiting for the refund 4 days later 3) the hotel description says it's recently refurbished, but rooms are tatty and grubby, stains on carpets, broken tiles in bathroom, caulking around tiles falling out and very poorly installed 4) kettle in room was so crusted with lime scale 5) flatscreen tv on wall was on visible from the corner as it could not be turned to face the bed 6) mattress on bed…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very, very poor - don't give them your business","My father-in-law and several colleagues were booked here while on a trip to the UK. We took the opportunity to meet them while they were here. Under such circumstances you feel some responsibility, given it is a rare visit for them to my home country. We hung around while they checked into Tophams and were hugely embarrassed to see what Tophams expected their guests to put up with.  For some inexplicable reason the rooms booked in Tophams itself had been given to other guests, and instead we were led down to a different building down the road. The Harcourt (as it appears to have previously been known) is atrocious. It's a cramped, dingy, poorly maintained building with inadequate access (no porters offering to assist with carrying luggage either to the building or up the…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","No soap in the hotel, how do staff wash hands!!!!!!!","Arrived at Tophams shown to room, first call toilet, toilet seat loose, no soap to wash hands, phoned reception we are told they have no soap but we will sort something out, after around one hour a bottle of  shower gel was delivered. The next day 29th April after watching the wedding we arrived back at Tophams at 5pm, my wife again asked for soap because the shower gel had made her hands very dry and sore. Thankfully after 2 hours a bar of soap was delivered to the room.(come  on basic hygiene). Went for breakfast next morning knowing that continental breakfast was included in room price, I decided to have cooked breakfast and was charged £14.95, i asked if she would give me the allowance of £11.95(continental breakfast price) against my cooked breakfast, no was the reply. On…",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This was one of the most unpleasant experiences of many overnight stays at London Hotels.,"We booked on-line through ""Hotelclub.com"" and we booked an overnight stay, which we up-graded to a deluxe room with full English breakfast included. We received our hotel voucher and booking confirmation several weeks in advance and so thought that all was well. Upon arrival at Topham's in mid-afternoon we went to the reception desk to check in, and that was the start of our problems. The hotel staff immediately caused upset by denying that we had not got a booking even though I handed them the booking voucher with our reservation details. The woman on reception tried to blag us by saying there was a room for us anyway and asked me to pay by credit card. I had already paid in full in advance and so was not happy. I had to go online using the hotel computer to prove that I had…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1150-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent,"Found the hotel through Lastminute.Com Secret Hotel. It is a very pleasant hotel well decorated and staffed with friendly and helpfull staff (even loaned me her Nokia charger over night). Our room wasn't the biggest, but the bathroom was excellent and the decoration different and relaxing. The location for central London was excellent, but on a quiet street. Slept well. Didn't try the restaurant. The Belgravia Bar ont eh corner did teh most amazing breakfast and again well run by very friendly staff.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",kept deposit and did not reply,We booked online with Tophams and supplied credit card. They charged an extra $260 and will not reply to emails or faxes. Absolutely no reason to not refund- do not trust this hotel,Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell,"We were going to treat ourselves to a weekend break in London looking forward to some rest, relaxation and entertainment.  This was our Capital City and always seemed to offer the best in accommodation and activity.  We decided to use one of LastMinute.com’s “Top Secret” hotels for our stay in London. The priority of our booking was that the room should offer “Twin Beds”.  Not too many hotels offered such a room, so we decided to especially go for this “Top Secret” hotel as it offered “Twin Bed” rooms.  On booking we were advised that our hotel was a 4 Star hotel.  It was the Tophams Hotel in Belgravia and our booking confirmed a twin bedded room. We received the written paperwork to this effect.    “The Tophams Hotel was advertised as one of London’s newest four-star hotels…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent location for leisure activities,I have just stayed at Tophams with my friend for a girl’s shopping weekend.   After reading very mixed and mostly negative reviews I was very worried before our arrival. In the night before our arrival (19.3.2011) I called to the hotel and checked that our booking made through Lastminute was still in place and confirmed that we would be arriving early. After the call I wasn’t quite sure if it all would work out well as finding the reservation in their systems took some time.  Upon our arrival to Victoria station we walked straight into the hotel. The hotel couldn't be better located due to its close proximity to Victoria station; even Heathrow is one tube change away (TIP:change in Hammersmith to reduce walking time at the tube station).  We were checked into our room (number…,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",30th Birthday Ruined!,My complaint to the hotel....  My partner and I were booked in to be guests at your hotel on 20th January for the occasion of my 30th birthday. Due to emergency surgery the week before we weren't sure if we would make it but as he theatre we were going to was within walking distance of your hotel we decided to still go ahead with the trip. When we arrived I did note that the room wasn't quite up to the standard I expected as there was paint peeling from the ceiling in the bathroom (wasn't the place recently refurbished?!) and the temperature in the room was very cold. However we decided to grin and bear it and went out for the evening. Only to return to have a bath and when we tried to run the bath it was leaking. My partner also opened the wardrobe before this to look in the…,Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1155-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"Arrived at the hotel after a 12 hour flight from Sri Lanka, my mom had booked the hotel as part of my birthday present. After reading mixed reviews on the hotel, she specifically asked for us to be placed in the main hotel and also told them of our time of arrival. When we arrived we were told that our room had been double booked and sure enough was offered a room down the road in one of their annexes which turned out to be a grotty single room without facilities. My girlfriend and i returned to the hotel and complained and after about 3 hours which was about 1.30 in the morning by now was offered our money back so that we could get another hotel. Half hour taxi there and back the next morning to see the manager who still was no where to be seen. A receptionist offered us a room…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Didn't even get to stay in this hotel.....,"On arrival to the hotel, I was immediately told that they were overbooked. Even though they had all of my details in front of them on the desk, they had obviously released my room as I arrived late at night. The same thing had happened to 4 other people while I was standing in reception. There was no manager on duty to talk to - apparently he was at the theatre and not contactable! This left two inadequate receptionists who had no clue about customer service. Aswell as me there were two other travellers who had returned from travelling in Sri Lanka - they had booked into the hotel online, but had no money left and no credit card and Tophams Hotel were not going to relocate them without a credit card. This is disgraceful! I had a credit card, so the hotel rearranged accommodation…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Oh dear,"The only positive is that it's close to Victoria tube station. The room was hilarious. Firstly I was told to press the down button on the elevator, so my room was technically a basement room. It was supposed to be an upgrade! The paint in the ceiling was coming off. This was especially noted in the bathroom which was technically placed under the pavement outside. The paint was coming off and would land in the sink. The paint is also coming off in the shower cubicle. My view outside is like a prison cell with bars that I can see and feet walking on the pavement. Very difficult to call this 4 star. It promises Molton Brown in bathroom on website  and you get a plethora of weird choices - unnamed brands and  Neutrogena and it also says it has a restaurant but technically it doesn't…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",imressed concidering the bad reviews,"Had a good quality room for a standard!phoned before we arrived because of the bad comments to make sure they had us booked and the room would be to standard,room 106 is where we stayed and is what u see on the net, bed comfortable and has a small balconey.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Lobby for sure 4 stars,but rooms I not so sure","Really nice and tasty design  reception area,lovely breakfast room,charming and very comfortable lobby -waiting area. It was huge disappointment entering room with leak in the bedroom and bathroom,before you look around hit you a mouldy smell. Why no one fix this? I do not understand.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1160-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor customer service and coudn't care less attitude,"I went to check in only to be told that some rooms were 'unavailable' and we would be offered a room in their annex along the road. Annex was smelly and rooms unacceptable.  I asked for my money back - couldnt do that as we had booked via lastminute.com. I asked to be relocated to a hotel in the same area - couldnt do that as they had a room at a sister hotel in Knightsbride. I was forced to accept this despite the fact that we were going to the theatre near Belgravia and Knightsbridge was inconvenient.  Throughout, the receptionist was pretty rude and defensive. Another girl did take over proceedings but I felt that they had no real interest in me as a customer and the issues I had. It was take it or leave it!",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location,"We stayed at the hotel in February 2011 for 3 nights. The location is great and walking to the major sites around London wasn't a problem. The staff were helpful and polite, the room was beautifully decorated, we had a large bathroom and everything was very clean. Compared to other hotels in the same price range I've stayed in in London, this by far exceeds the quality we expected.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel,"I have to say, im amazed at the bad revues this hotel gets. I had a great stay for only 1 night. I wish it was longer. The room was beautiful, the service impecable. I booked through lastminute.com, and after i saw the bad revues i got worried. So i called the hotel, as i was expecting to have to sleep in a hole in the wall. This lovely boutique hotel checked me in 4 hours before time. The design, the state of the room was unsurpassed. After having met up for afternoon (late night) tea with a frend, i could not sleep. I went down to the reseption, and ended up chatting with the girls in the reception for HOURS! So, Saha ( i think your name is) and the otherone whose name i did not get, looking foreward to seeing you soon. As fate would have it, Saha was the one that took my…",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not an hotel I will return to in a hurry.,"I booked this hotel as it was within walking distance of 'Billy Elliot' at the Victoria Palace. It was intended as a surprise weekend for my wife. Check-in was efficient, even if the staff spoke poor English. The reception area was well-decorated and stylish. I had booked a 'Mews' double bedroom: for 'Mews' read 'Basement'. A lift fortunately prevented an awkward serpentine descent down narrow stairs, and back up with a suitcase. The room, although a good size, was dank and dark, being below street level. There was a foul smell of damp, which I quickly traced to wet carpet next to the bathroom door. The shower cubicle door did not prevent water escaping and this leached out into the bedroom carpet. The room was acceptably clean, but the drinks tray was devoid of anything to…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dissapointing,"Taken as a Top Secret Hotel via Last Minute at a supposedly well reduced room rate. On arrival it felt like someones house, staff were miserable but polite. A £100.00 deposit secured on plastic was insisted upon before we were allowed to our room, which was pre-paid in advance. There was a lift to all but the 4th floor. Passage ways were very narrow and cluttered with dirty laundry and vacuum cleaners, decorations along passages were scruffy. The room was generally pleasant, with a split level bathroom. The toilet seat was about to fall off, the illuminated mirror did not work and the plug and chain for the bath was detached from it's retainer, we were told to just pull the plug out with the remaining loose chain. The temperature in the room was about 25 degrees C and could not…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1165-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A lovely hotel in a great location...,"We booked a king deluxe room on lastminute and were very pleased with what we had been given. Both the bedroom and bathroom were spacious and very clean. There were stains on the carpet which made it look rather shabby however the rest of the room was spotless. There is a tv in the room with freeview, which worked fine. All other appliances were also in working order (hairdryer, iron etc). The hotel is literally a three minute walk from Victoria Station, yet the road that the hotel is on is so peaceful and quiet! Also, it only took us ten minutes to walk to Buckingham Palace! There are plenty of shops, restaurants and a couple of theatres within a three minute walk - very handy. We had a lovely time and would most certainly book a room here again :)",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A perfect stay in London,The hotel has been refurbished recently and is very tastfully decorated.   I received a very warm welcome from the staff on arrival and they were very efficient and quickly showed me to my room.   The room was clean and very comfortable.  The hotel is in a great location and the room was very quiet - perfect for a good night's sleep!   I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Tried to move us to sister hotel........,I was sorry I had booked this hotel when I checked Tripadvisor - usually I would check it first but I booked in haste and then wished I hadn't. I wanted to stay there as I was attending a conference very close by and wanted to be able to walk to it. I emailed the hotel the week prior stating I wished to stay there & not be moved & wanted a nice room after reading some v bad reviews. It took 2 emails for them to respond & they didnt allay my fears.  On arrival we got some joke of an explanation that some rooms had been flooded & they wanted to move us to their sister hotel. I said absolutely not & that I needed to stay there as I had a conference close by & that was my whole reason for booking it. They eventually found us a room - to insult us by saying the rooms were flooded was…,Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location and a great hotel,I too was worried about staying here after reading the reviews.  No need to be.  The staff were very welcoming and the room was great.  I stayed in a ground floor deluxe king that I got through lastminute secret hotels.  The decor of the room was lovely and the bathroom was very modern.  The only downside was the bathroom had no heating but I didn't think that was a real problem. You are very close to Victoria station so handy for getting around and also lots of restaurants within very easy walking distance.  Would definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Good location, lovely hotel","Having read the reviews for this hotel we were very worried about staying here, but as it turned out there was no reason to worry. As soon as we got there the staff were very helpful and pleasant, the room was clean and comfortable what more do you need.  Someone mention the tv not being brilliant, the picture wasn't great to be fair, we stayed in the first night we were there because i didn't feel well (nothing to do with the hotel) so we got a dvd from reception free of charge to watch (how many places can you do that).       The location of the hotel is brilliant is an ideal base for a stay in London. We hadn't finished seeing everything that we wanted to see before we checked out and the staff were more than happy for us to leave our bags there (we left them there for most…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1170-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Average Hotel,"At first appearance the hotel is clean and well presented, check-in was quick and painless, as I had been concerned over staying in the ""sister hotel"" after reaading reviews online.  The room itself was small but clean, the only problem being the tv was not properly tuned in and so we only had two channels (bbc one and itv).  We did not have the breakfast so cannot comment on that.  The staff seemed friendly, although the manager/ supervisors less so. It was very quiet and in a great location.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Window latch that didn't lock..pretty hotel but unsafe,"On first appearances this hotel is nice, clean and pretty. My only problem was that the window in the bedroom, a huge sash window, did not lock and could be opened easily by someone on the outside, especially as there was a flat roof outside the window.   I told reception and said how worrying and dangerous this was. The receptionists did not care, and said it might get fixed in the morning. If I wasnt staying with a friend I would have asked to switch rooms.   It sounds minor but it wouldnt be if a burgular had broken in, be aware!!!!",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I must have been lucky,"Having read the previous reviews I was panicking after last minute.com allocated this hotel as part of their ""top secret"" allocation.  I still think it was overpriced (£120 superiour room )for what it was BUT I can't complain about the issues that other travellers had.  I was ready for a ""set down"" with staff if I'd got a rubbish room.  My only issue with the room was the air con was only blowing out hot air so we had to leave the window open to get cool air (not entirely comfortable on a ground floor room).",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Serves the purpose,"We wanted to be in a quiet street near Victoria, and this hotel got that perfect.  The reception area was very nicely decorated and very welcoming, as were the staff.  Once we left the reception area, though, it was obvious the place needed a bit of a clean.  The hall carpets were not the freshest and the walls were scuffed.  Same for our room (101); it was clean but worn, and the ceiling had a rather large (about 2 feet x 4 feet) water stain that was rather offputting.  The decorations in the room were chipped, carpet stained in spots, shower had mouldy spots, and (again) walls scuffed.  For positives, the location was just what we wanted/needed, the hotel staff were pleasant, the closest NCP is very near, and the hotel was quiet with friendly guests.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel EVER,"I had the worst hotel experience of my life with this booking.  When we went to check into Tophams hotel at midnight (our flight was late) the room we booked was unavailable. The lady offered us a room without a bathroom...we refused. She then told us that we could have a room 10 doors down in a ""Sister Hotel"". We asked to speak to a manager but she refused.    After 30 minutes I agreed to look at the rooms she was offering. She said the room in that hotel without a bathroom had a bathroom right beside it that we could use...there was a bathroom down a stairs at the end of a corridor, I totally found this unacceptable.    We saw the other room in the sister hotel, it was awful. It was more like a student flat and bared no resemblance to a 4 star hotel. We were very upset, I had…",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1175-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","warm & welcoming, rooms clean, staff friendly, whats the problem?","We arrived around 17:00 hrs on the Monday evening having already emailed to say we would arrrive as a party and would like to stay in this hotel, and not the sister hotel. Apaet from a hiccup in the lift (got stuck for 10 mins) absolutely everything was as you would expect from a 4* hotel. Rooms were clean, boutique style. I had two children with me and they accommodated us in two adjoining rooms whihc was great. I was extreemly worried about the reviews and quite prepared to ask for money back and warned all my party however we all found this a great hotel, and in the middle of all we needed to see. 5 minute walk from the palace with a great cheap breakfast 100 yards in the same road which had a wall covered with photos of numerous celebs all visiting. Didnt try the food and…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Appalling level of service and totally unprofessional staff,"This was a company booking, made and prepaid through laterooms.com on behalf of  customers visiting our company from overseas.  3 rooms for sole occupancy had been confirmed and paid for and yet upon arrival at the hotel our customers were informed that the hotel had allowed other guests to extend their stay and therefore would only be able to allocate 1 double and one single room.    Thankfully an employee had driven our customers to the hotel and was able to negotiate the rooms that we had booked.  The attitude of the staff was poor and unapologetic and as a previous review stated the hotel ""lacked the most basic level of service"".  I have contacted the hotel via email to request feedback on how this occured but as yet have heard absolutely nothing back from them.    I would…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very good hotel in an excellent location,"We chose this hotel because of it's proximity to Tate Britain which we intended visiting.  It's location is excellent, a few minutes walk from Victoria station but on a very quiet and attractive street.  It has several attractive cafes and coffee shops nearby, and Victoria Place is minutes away.  The staff on reception were friendly and attentive, and the room, which was close to Reception on the Ground Floor was small but very well decorated and had effective climate control.  The bathroom was efficient, well laid out and of a complementary standard to the room.  We did not use the restaurant as we had other arrangements, but it, also, is very attractive and the prices for an evening meal appeared reasonable.  Staying in this hotel improved our London stay experience.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nice room, good service, great location","I stay in central London hotels usually once a week, booking via Lastminute.com.  I stayed in this hotel last night.   This was my second visit to Tophams.   I'd not had a great experience the first time I went  but my second visit was excellent.  The staff were friendly and helpful, for example I asked for a glass of water on arrival and someone immediately fetched one.  Check in was straightforward.  I had a second floor room, the decor was very nice, the bed was comfy and the bathroom was very clean and modern.  I didn't have time for breakfast unfortunately so I can't tell you about that.  The location is excellent, just a few minutes from Victoria Station.  I would definitely go back",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This hotel CAN be good!,"I'm writing this to let folks know that it is possible to have an enjoyable, good-value stay in this hotel, despite the large number of bad reviews.  At a ""Secret Hotel"" rate of £120 a night for a double from lastminute, the standard of the accommodation that we received - comfortable, clean room, compact without being cramped, with characterful decoration -  represents very good value for this area, where I have paid £75+ for really squalid accomodation in other hotels nearby.  We stayed in the main body of the hotel - there is clearly an issue about being transferred to the ""sister hotel"", so the thing to do could be to get reassurance in advance as to where you will be staying.",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1180-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Very pleasantly surprised - charming, clean and friendly","I booked this hotel as one of Lastminute.com's Top Secret Hotels.  Following payment, I was informed that the hotel I had booked was Topham's.  Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor, I had serious misgivings about staying in this hotel.  I need not have worried.  The hotel was brilliantly located - in a quiet street but within a stones throw of Victoria Station.  The room was spotless, warm and exceedingly comfortable.  Granted, the toilet seat was a little shaky and there were one or two water marks on the bathroom ceiling, but these were no more than minor blemishes.  The Neutrogena toiletries were top drawer and the breakfast, though not cheap at £14.95, was excellent. Wifi was free thoughtout the hotel.  Staff were efficient and friendly - not at all as described in other…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A very mixed experience!,"This is a difficult review to write......as I had a very different experience from my colleagues I was with. We booked through Lastminute.com and paid £85 per room per night, booking at the hotel is currently £185 for a standard room. When we arrived the hotel reception looked nice but agree with everyone else who says the staff are scary and incompetent! The first worrying thing was that one guest was already complaining that the keys seemed to open every hotel room door and that they had had something stolen from their room. And other staff were refusing to take phone calls which sounded like complaints!  The next problem....we booked 3 rooms but after one of us was given a key we were asked if we knew each other as they only had one room left but that it was a suite!…",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Tried to check in but was informed I'd been moved to a 'sister' hotel, missing an important call and setting me up for a nasty s","I've booked a room at your hotel tonight and arrived at 1950. I had to make an important call at 2000. Reception informed me that I'd been booked into your sister hotel in Belgravia - The Knightsbridge Green Hotel. I've just been checked in here into a room. The hotel is shabby, the room is awful and I've missed my call. I am extremely disappointed and will formalise my complaint. I am not used to this and I am very surprised you appear to feel that you might get away with treating guests like this.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great little hotel at a bargain price.,"I booked this one as a Top Secret on Last Minute and having then seen it's bad reviews was a bit concerned as to what I'd find. I was very pleasantly surprised as the hotel was clean and well appointed and the staff friendly if not over helpful. The room was small, but with a quality bathroom all I needed for a good night's kip while working in London. If you get this as I did for less than £60 and not the £180 rack rate, you'll see it for the bargain it is.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Is this the same hotel?,"Like ginger31 I was extremely surprised by the hotel - great location, nice and quiet street, very clean, comfortable and great value for money in London.  Granted I did not pay anywhere near the prices quoted at reception, nor did I make the sombre walk down the road to the 'other' part of the hotel which seems to be the source of many of the bad reviews.  I had 2 very good night sleeps and i couldn't fault the place or room - and believe me, i was ready to after reading the reviews here.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1185-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very pleasantly surprised after all the bad reviews here,"I stayed for two nights in room 403 at the top of Topham's hotel. Lovely room - very clean, funky furnishings, and best of all, really quiet. I had booked this room through lastminute.com secret hotel sale and had panicked after I had read negative reviews online here, but could not fault this room. The convenient location - right beside Victoria tube statino - also helped! Breakfast was not included in my package so I cannot comment on that.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT GO THERE,"You only have to look at the Trip advisor feedback to know that I cant tell you anything new. This place is absolutely appalling. Looks smart enough, but the staff are utterly clueless and unwilling to provide even the most basic level of service. I booked through Lastminute and they had given away my room, presumably to get more money, by the time I arrived (just before the time I stated I would arrive). Made no attempt to resolve the problem and stuck me in an awful fleapit B&B for the night. I returned the following night. Not bad looking room, though small and noisy, but the service has got to be experienced to be believed. Dont do it, and definitely dont use Lastminute to book it - they wont honour your booking if it doesnt suit them and neither they nor Lastminute are that…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't stay here total rip off,"Went to this hotel in nov 10  Looked at Tripadvisor and took what it said with a pinch of salt ref doubling booking etc, however when I got there at 11pm at night ,they had doulble booked and we had to go to another sister hotel. Which was ok however they diodn't seem to care very much and really said take it or leave it. but the best is yet to come......I am still battling with them for a refund of my money which they took anyway even though i didn't stay there......You have been warned!!!!",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",4*?? If the rating was out of 20!,"Pretty much everything has already been said! We booked this through Laterooms.com and it seemed a very good deal, especially as breakfast was included in the price. I checked out the website, very smart, and as I book 2-3 hotels a week through Laterooms I assumed it would all be ok.... Well... 1) Reception seemed smart enough, even if the staff were rather rude and condescending.  2) We were then led out of the hotel to another building by a rather sheepish member of staff into a building which stunk of drains.  3) Down into the bowels of the building down a stinky corridor into a room which can only be described as a celebration of brown-ness... Brown walls, brown doors, brown floor...tiny bathroom (toilet in one cupboard, shower and sink in another cupboard. No shower door!!)…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",last minute.com secret rooms??? why are you keeping Tophams Hotel Belgravia London secret??,I jumped on trip advisor and looked up my secret hotel just booked - as it is rated 4 star and had a bar a restaurant - I was keen to see what my husband and I were getting for our anniversary. After reading the reviews I have asked for a refund as I do not want to go through any of this nonsense at the Tophams hotel - sounds like a racket!!! - I called the offshore call centre at last minute and was informed by 3 people I eventually spoke to I could not cancel my reservation and I had read the description incorrectly - the description states the hotel features a bar and restaraunt and is located just a short walk from Victoria. I was told this meant the bar and restaurant were located just a short walk from Victoria and were not in the hotel and not to expect a bar in the hotel…,Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1190-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",PLEASANTLY SURPRIZED AFTER THE REVIEWS WE READ,we arrived with trepidation after reading the terrible reviews.  The reception area was as expected for a town house hotel. The staff were friendly and attentive a massive shock after the reviews.  Reception area was pleasant and rather funky .   Our room was quite stylish although there were signs of wear and tear it was fine apart from the smell  of smoke.  The bathroom was a massive disappointment tiles off the walls and skirting grout missing fromt he floor and someone had stubbed a cigarette out in the bath !  The whole room stank of smoke which was a massive putoff.  Allinall a much better stay than expected a great location but dont expect the bathroom to be in one piece !,Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",this place should be condemed,"i was sold a 4 star and they try to show me a seperate building with rooms which are not even 2 star, fire alarms were ringing continually and the room i finally ended up with was a health and saftey liability. do not stay here under any circumstance",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",If you actually have a room it is good value otherwise book with care,"Booked and paid for 3 days in advance but on arrival and having been checked in we were then told they were full!. Then offered to move us to a sister hotel 50m down road ( inspect ed very grubby so refused)  then moved to Knightdbridge Green, not much better and very very noisey + only breakfast a very poor continental by tray to room. If they try this on you. you should refuse go for a full refund and bale out. Actually got a room on second night and hotel very comfortable and quiet. However from the goings on at reception it was obvious that this over booking and bouncing out is norm for this hotel. Use with extreme care. Also of note was that some female guests were being asked for a £50 damage deposit on the room, why?? Suggest Laterooms should review there continued listing",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Scary Staff!!!  Dont stay here!,First impressions were not good.  Staff at the amature reception were very stern and very scary - not welcoming in the slightest.  We were told we were going to be shown to our room but just pointed in the direction .  The room was very small and very tatty.  Nothing like what you see on the website.  There  were lumps of plaster peeling off the walls. The bed was so soft you were literally touching the floor.  NO MOLTON BROWN just cheap toiletries on a  chipped tray.  Bathroom so tiny you can hardly breathe.  No milk for tea and coffee.  Breakast was completely cold.  Our table was not even set properly.  Only one other table occupied so no excuse.  Would not stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Sleeping rough at Victoria Station might be a better option.,"Lying And thieving sums up my experience. The hotel doesn't do refunds and all complaints have to go through your ""booking partner"" which in my case was lastminute.com   The hotel reception was pleasant. The staff obnoxious.  Like many guests we were led down the street to another hotel. This hotel could be on a tv show that showcases cowboy builders - damp, dirty, broken bathroom fittings, no proper lights only lamps and a horrible smell. We got moved to 3 different rooms all of Which were well below the supposed 4 star rating.  Many standard items that were sold to us on lastminute.com were missing such as a safe, aircon, mini bar etc etc even the phone in the room didn't work.  Like other travelodge on this site we were also woken by staff entering the room at 3am. The young…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1195-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay here at your peril,"We had a number of problems at this hotel, but two were top of the list.  First and formeost, the kitchen staff were simply unable to cope with the demands of breakfast.  Supplies of bacon, sausages, baked beans and other elements of the great british breakfast were intermittent and on Sunday morning most guests were left short.  I had no cooked breakfast at all, while my wife made do with a single rasher of bacon. Secondly, the televison did not work and when I reported this on our first of two nights I was assued it would be fixed the following day.  This did not happen and by the time we left it was still not functioning.   At checkout I listened to a litany of complaints from other guests, including one from a couple who had had to put up with a noxious smell of drains in…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent value boutique hotel in great location., 5 minutes walk from Victoria but in an upmarket area in Belgravia with plenty of local cafes around for breakfast. Old style town building which is small but charming and well kept. Some rooms need a lick of paint as always in an old house but it was fresh and smelling of flowers. Nice bathroom which was spotless with modern good quality fittings. I read some of the bad reviews and obviously some people had genuine problems however I think some people don't make allowance for context. I have paid a lot more to stay in Paris hotels which were in awful locations with bad service and tiny box rooms. It's London afterall not Dubai!,Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful Hotel,"I am another victim of Lastminute.coms secret hotels. This is truly an awful hotel and is no more than a 2 or low end 3 star at best.  Reception and the restuarant look great when you check in, but i was shown to a room in the mews that was, quite frankly,  a complete disgrace and something Trading Standards should investigate. The bathroom was filthy and about four feet square, the shower broken, the tap in the sink came off in my hand, there was a broken shelf hanging off the wall, the curtains dirty, the TV didnt work - so i didnt stay!  Having returned to reception, there was no apology or remose and they said they would 'upgrade' me to their other hotel The Knightbridge Green' - which was marginally better, but certainly not worth the money.  Dont stay here is all i have to…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",If this is 4* then a prison cell must be at least a 3*.,"There is no way this is a 4* Hotel!!!   The room was barely bigger than the bed within it, there was no coffe making facilities, the room was painted a grey-brown which was flaking in places, there was a small tv but with bad signal perhaps worst of all the bathroom was along a corridor down a set of stairs and open to all the other guests - and it was cold!    To briefly summarise the disaster of my stay (which only lasted from 11pm on the 18th to around 8.30am on the 19th!)  1.Upon arrival I was not asked whether I wanted a wakeup call, morning paper, nor was I informed of the hotels facilities such as bar or breakfast arrangements.  The staffs English was poor but they were polite. 2.  Bedroom was shocking and the bathroom was not private, was cold and the shower took over 20…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",AWFUL AWFUL HOTEL,Unbelievable ! smell of raw sewage in the annexe rooms . staff are clueless. bar does not exist as they don't have anything to drink.I witnessed the staff being rude to other guests. very disorganised. the fire alarm going off at 7 in the morning didn't help but that could happen anywhere i guess.  The  rooms / bathrooms only just above hostel standards.  if it was £50 a night it might just be acceptable.  Having read some of the other reviews i would strongly question the author any review that says anything remotely positive about this hotel. MJR.NT,Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1200-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Undersold by its Tripadvisor reputation,"Having booked this hotel, I then decided to check it out on Tripadvisor (yes, I know, the other way around might have been better), and I can only say I had a sleepless night before my arrival as a result of the contents of some of the previous reviews.  Fortunately, when I did arrive, my expectations (which were admittedly very low) were dramatically exceeded.  The hotel is small, is more 2-3 rather than 4 star, is bar-less and is lacking in some of the presence more normally associated with a hotel of the like espoused by its website.  However, it also is clean (despite some reviewers), is very close to Victoria (as most reviewers acknowledge), is welcoming (again, contrary to some comments), and has toiletries(!)  Some reviewers referred to the hotel suffering from poor…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Recommended if you want to ditch your partner / divorce your spouse,"This is a very weird hotel.  Having stayed in over 100 hotels in London, this ranks most peculiar.    If you're a single, male, business traveller, you're probably okay.  The worst you will get is a feeling you've ventured into Twin Peaks territory, plus a bad night's sleep.  You probably won't want to buy your PA a present for getting you a room here, but you probably won't die.  Probably.  If you're bringing you're partner here, by choice, then it's a shrewd move if you're aiming to quickly end your relationship.  (And, vica versa, if your partner brings you here, assume they either don't use TripAdvisor, or have had enough of you.)  My favourite bit was when I got woken up in the middle of the night by one of the receptionists banging on my door because they were looking for…",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great but only if you get the right room,"My stay was great. Good double room, no noise transference from the rooms around, everything was clean and worked. Breakfast was ten out of ten; great range of options, good quality and good portions. I will definitely go back. But .........whilst I was there, I saw first hand, people going bananas. Very unhappy with their room, demanding change, claiming to go elsewhere at Tophams cost. I was in 402 and spoke to the person in 404 we were both quite happy. So call them and ask for a room they never get complaints about! You should then have a great stay – best of luck!",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Stay at the Topham's, not the Harcourt....","After reading the reviews on this website I was very tempted to cancel my reservation.  We had booked this hotel through lastminute and felt a bit mislead as this is a secret hotel but magically the rating from tripadvisor is also secret.  Lastminute of course are quick to shout about it when the hotels get a good review.  Having said that however, this was more than anything a positive stay in a hotel that I was dreading...  I would like to emphasise that, that it was generally good.  My niggles below are minor ones, that the hotel could improve easily.  We booked the King Deluxe room, which is in the main Topham's hotel.  It was very nice, clean, spacious.  However the receptionist did not deign to show us to our rooms however, merely gesturing in the general direction of the…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",4 star? A hostel would be better.,"This hotel is no more a 4 star hotel than a bench in Hyde Park! It seems that the original hotel, where reception is, may be ok, but I was brought down the street to a different building (what I deduce was previously the Harcourt Hotel). The only light was a lamp, the shower was tiny, the window wouldn't remain open, there was no housekeeping done, I had to go up to reception twice to get soap, the tea cup was dirty, there was (and the following all appear on their site as being included) no safe, no air conditioning, no minibar, no climate control, no safe box , no fridge, no hairdryer, it had a work desk with lamp (but no chair), no iron, no ironing board, no CD/DVD player, no radio, no complimentary mineral water, no bathrobe and there was no housekeeping done at all.  I echo…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1205-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Better than expected based on other reviews!,"We stayed at the Tophams Hotel for 2 nights on the 1st of January. It was a secret room on lastminute, and after reading the reviews on here we were obviously quite worried about what we would find upon arrival. As others have said, staff were a bit grumpy, and didn't seem all that interested in us. Once we were in the room, (Mews 2) we found it to be clean, welcoming, spacious and we absolutely loved the big bathroom which had a shower and a large bath. We saw no evidence of the damp that others have commented on, and no bad smells of any sort. We didn't use the dining facilities, so obviously can't comment on that. The only interaction we had with staff besides checking in/out was when we asked for a glass of ice water and this was given to us without hesitation! We had free…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Terrible,"A poorly run hotel with unprofessional staff and terrible facilities. Good location, but that is little compensation for the wretched experience of staying there. The other reviews give a good impression of how awful this place is.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay here.,"With staff that couldn't care less and rooms with no windows you may be mistaken in thinking that you were an uninvited guest, instead of someone who had paid money to be there.   We booked for two night with lastminute but after seeing the windowless basement cell I call lastminute for a refund, which they did give u's in full. I complained about the room to the two staff members at the front desk, at first they seemed confused as in why I would want a window then they both walked off. It was late so we stayed the first night and as we got our money back we booked somewhere else for the second night.   The ""hotel"" smelt like a toilet, the rooms were dusty and unkept and the staff couldn't give a .... . Don't stay at this hole.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",MIGHT AS WELL SLEPT RUFF ON THE STREETS!,"Arrived 27/12/10 at ""knightsbridge Green Hotel"".  Booked this hotel on off the internet.  The pictures looked fantastic and location brillant.  I walked through the front door to a reception that looked dated and makeshift.  Reception staff were in Jeans and jumper, not what I would call a ""4*""  standard.  On arrival the receptionist told me about the hotel had experienced technical difficulties...floods, electrical and lift problems.  DON'T BUY THIS.  Hotel overbooked!  I think this is a regular occurrance.   I actually felt sorry for the receptionist as she looked upset.  She was a Actress and she should have been given an Oscar for best performance of conning customers!  We got shipped off to the sister hotel ""Topham hotel"" belgravia.  DON'T GO THERE EITHER!  Hotel just as…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","cute, great location, serious mechanical issues","i stayed here twice; the first time, i was on the first floor and had a great experience. this time i was on the mews and it was horrendous. there was water seeping through the ceiling, under the glasses and down the miny bar, the shower didn't drain and flooded bathroom, the smoke alarm went off every time i showered and the toilet gurgled when i turned on the sink faucet. i couldn't take a bath because the lever to switch to the faucet didn't work. i told the front desk and they didn't even offer any assistance.  it is affordable, it's in a great location, they have a couple nice touches serving apples and fresh pastry at reception and free wi-fi in the lounge and in the rooms -- so, if you dont stay in the mews and you're not looking for perfection, get down with your bad…",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1210-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great Location, very poor unfriendly staff","Stayed two nights in Tophams over a weekend with my girlfriend.  Booked a double ensuite.  Great location, very close to Victoria station, theatres, stop for London tour bus, Buckingham palace etc.  Staff from arrival to departure were passive, clearly lacking in any kind of training in the service industry and had quite poor attitudes.  There were several incidents that I witnessed with customers complaining to the staff at the front desk, and the attitude shown was atrocious. It seems toe that they need some serious talking to, otherwise people will vote with their feet and book else where.  Tip: if breakfast is not included in your stay, AVOID the breakfast in Tophams, £15 EACH!!",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Rubbish Hotel,"I booked a single room at the Tophams Hotel in Belgravia.  The room was very small, no en-suite facilities and no coffee making facilities.  On their website it didnt state that some of the rooms did not have these facilities.   There was no alchohol served on the premises.  I would not recommend this hotel to anybody.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor dining facilities,Room was clean and comfortable but very small. Shower had cold water in the morning. Very limited dining and no bar or wine with meals although it is advertised as having same.  There was a few dregs of wine which (we were told by the staff) were being used up before the hotel goes dry!  Apparently the owner doesn't want alcohol served.  The anomaly was that there was a little bar provided in the room!  We wouldn't stay there again.,Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Probably not for you...,"Tophams Hotel is clean, quite & close to Victoria Station (handy) but it's unorganized staff doesn't even replace supplies you run out of (ex: toilet paper). And it's not cheap. Also ... there was always some argument between staffers and guests or would-be guests at the front desk. We stayed 14 nights and heard about 5. Toward the end of my stay, I realized that if there was a fire in the old building, we'd never get out of there since we were at the end of a long, narrow hallway. Would go for larger, more modern, less ""charming"" hotel in the future.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Mixed reviews... I don't know why?,"I had to stay in London for a couple of nights after my company asked me to stay at short notice. To be fair, on the night, there wasn't many options, but one that was available was the Tophams Hotel. First things first, the price was great, then onto the location, again, great, less than 5 minutes to Victoria and slightly more the other way towards Green Park.   On arriving, the hotel has a lovely homely reception and a great, albeit relatively small lounge.  You really do get the feeling of staying in a home away from home. Staff were efficient and friendly.  The room I stayed in was sophisticated in style and decoration and had everything you needed in there. Bed was comfy, clean and welcoming.   All in all, for the price of the hotel, I couldn't recommend it more.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1215-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Unfreindly Staff, overpriced rooms, avoid ""Mews"" rooms smell of sewage!","Myself and three other colleagues booked this Hotel for a business trip on arrival the staff were very distant and unfreindly. My allocated room was in the ""Mews"" basically the basement. On entering the room there was a distinct and over powering smell of sewage. I complained and a new room was allocated but with no apology. If there is a problem with a room why book it out! The alternative rooms bathroom had a broken floor tile. When we booked the prices differed between us by £130 per night for identical room specs and no explanation as to cost variance. Would never recommend or book again.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bad hotel all round,I was looking for a really good place for my wife's birthday. I booked a King room at Tophams that was said to be spacious with a full bath etc. The room was really small and the bathroom only had a shower.  The bedroom carpet was dorty and there was water running down the wall from upstairs. The reception staff were not at all helpful and refused to contact the manager for me. I wrote to complain and never even got a reply.  I would never stay in this place again.,Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely the worst hotel ever!,"I have travelled all over the world both for business and pleasure, but never have I witnessed such extreme lack of service and care for their customers.  The room I had ordered was not free after all, the room I got was without bathroom and it suddenly appeared that someone else also had a key to the room and made quite a row as for getting me out of ""his room"". When I went down to the reception to complain, I got the message that ""Oh no, he was in another room"" - right. What a nice piece of info! A pity that he had a key and insisted on contradicting the receptionists belief. But I got another room in the end. There were no mini bar in the room, but I still had to leave 150 pounds with the receptionist  ""in case I used the mini bar"". I do not know who owns and operates this…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, lovely staff.",The location is fantastic - we walked everywhere. The staff were amazing with our children. Homely feel to the hotel. We did get a discounted rate as it was booked for us by regulars. Breakfast in the hotel was lovely and there are also great little cafe's very close by.,Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Terrible experience, avoid this hotel!","Room size like a grave (under 8 sq meters!!) , cold and rude welcome and a water pump close to the wall of my bed running all night!! Three good reasons to avoid definitely this expensive and horrible place.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1220-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London!,"What a disappointment: we thought that Tophams Hotel would be tip top. It was dreadful. Perhaps some of the many problems could have been resolved if the staff spoke English but since this was not the case nothing was done. The room was cold, the carpet was not clean and the lighting was faulty. How this dump can be described as a 4 star hotel is beyond belief. Avoid.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Our experience was different to all the others,"We ended up staying in the Tophams hotel after being given a theatre break with hotel included as a wedding present. My sister didn't check Tripadvisor before she booked it and then suddenly had a huge panic when she read the reviews days later. She rang the hotel to check that we were actually staying in the hotel itself and not being carted off elsewhere like it seems everyone else is. We arrived at the the hotel armed with this knowledge and were prepared not to take an nonsense from them. However, when we got there we were greeted by a friendly receptionist and the downstairs lobby and dining area are very well decorated and welcoming. We went to our room up the lift in the same building. Admittedly the room is small, like you would expect for London but it was tastefully…",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Well run, clean, nicely decorated and greate location!","We stayed 2 nights at this hotel.  The room was well equipped, clean and comfortable.  The staff were very helpful and pleasant.  We particularly liked the bar area which was cosy and comfortable and like everywhere else in the hotel it was well decorated and furnished.  We did not eat at the hotel, but the restaurant  area looked very nice indeed.  Rooms in London hotels can be on the  small side and although the room we had at Tophams wasn't big it wasn't cramped either and all decorations were of good quality.  We would have not hesitation in recommending this hotel for a short break in London  and especially it's location which is safe and close to all amenities in Belgravia and a 10 mintue walk from Victoria tube station.  We will definitely return!  The Hayters.",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",dont book bf reading all reviews on trip advisor,"I regret not reading reviews on trip advisor first but I as in a hurry when I booked a room at this hotel. I made the booking of the room which was non refundable. Then we got there at 22.00. They said they didnt have a room even though they had charged my credit card with 200 pounds.The customers at the lobby were ladies at 40s goggling and laughing, they seemed so cheap as to stay at the hotel for some evening hours not thw whole night (if you know what I mean.) again this is what I thought when I saw them. In the end they sent us to a ""sister hotel"", and didnt even pay for the taxi as they had promised. At the other hotel noone cared about us, the room was cold and as I said we paid the money in advance, even though this was supposed to be a worse hotel, and we should have…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in!!!,"As a regular traveler with business I stay in a lot of hotels and have frequented a large number of London based ones.  I have got to say this THE worst hotel I've stayed in from a long time. After a promising check-in at a rather plush reception the experience went quickly downhill. The hotel is spread across multiple buildings along the street and I was escorted to Number 50 - Room 8.  The room itself was appalling. The carpet was badly stained and did not look clean, the shower flooded when used, the tap was falling off the basin, the laminate in the bathroom was moldy and bubbled, it was noisy - you could hear every other room in the building being used, every tap turned on, every door closed.  The final straw was when the bed collapsed as I sat on it! I mentioned all this…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1225-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Good location but not a great 4* hotel at all (more like a 1* hotel),"Nicely located near Victoria Station and surrounded by many breakfast cafes and dinning restaurants.  However, our experience staying 5 nights at the Tophams was far from great.    We booked the deluxe king room which provided a double bed.  However, this was our experience: the room was far from king size and provided a terrible 'spongy' mattress, very bad TV cable reception, water leaks in both bedroom and bathroom, and mildew here and there.  And to our surprise there's no sound proofing between foors and rooms, this is unacceptable for a 4* hotel.  Some hostels can be better and far cheaper...  Business centre is equipped with a PC and two printers, but only the PC works.  So don't expect to print your own boarding pass, etc.  such details would need to be email edto the…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",One of the worst experiences ever,"I got 2 options> Room in the annexe (not vacuumed, no light, plastic foil on the bathroom floor, no elevator) or room without facilities but with light! (but no coat hangers, glasses, hairdryer, and almost no space to put my feet on the ground) The sheets had been used before. I guess this hotel is used for hourly purposes!",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",good hotel for mildew enthusiasts,"We just stayed at the Tophams hotel and would like to make you aware of a few problems we had.  Upon arrival, we we're greeted in a relatively attractive lobby, upon checking in we were directed out of the building, marched down the street to an entirely separate building, and entered number 50 on Ebury Street, otherwise known as the Harcourt Hotel according to various notes still remaining on the walls of the hallways. Upon entering the basement room, we found ourselves in a windowless room, painted dark brown, no overhead lights, dirty bathroom mats, no tub, mildew, no air con, no fridge, no internet (wireless or cabled), electrical cabling repaired using tape, and airless.   I left my fiancee and the building to return to the front desk at number 28 Ebury Street to complain.…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DON'T STAY HERE.,"All the reviews I have read since I booked this hotel are correct. I was shown my room  in the annex hotel along the street and immediately asked to change room. The room (no 12) was a basement room with NO windows and no working ventilation, no bedside tables, and no mirror, and painted brown all over. The person who showed me the room told me it wasn't possible to move. I went back to the main hotel and complained politely, they took me back to the annex, and showed me room no 11, also a basement room, horrible and again, no working ventilation. The basement of this hotel has a very strong smell of damp. I explained them that I understood it was against the law not to have some form of ventilation. They said they would fix it the next day, I said that would be too late. I left…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great small hotel for London getaway!,"This is a great small hotel.  I have stayed several times and will repeat again.  The location is fantastic, a quick 5 minute walk from Victoria Station.  Rooms are small (VERY typical in most all hotels of London) but very clean, comfortable and inviting.  I find the staff to be accommodating and kind.  As the hotel is popular, I recommend reconfirming reservations and advising ahead of time if you are expecting a late arrival.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1230-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Listen to your customers!!,"I was having to stay overnight in Victoria at short notice due to netting over running and had to be back first thing. Popped in here as a colleague had said it was fine.   It wasn't. I was disappointed after handing over my card for £250 room only. The room was so small you wouldn't believe. I cannot believe hotels like this area able to operate in such poor condition. This hotel is nowhere near three star never mind four. The lighting was very dim as was the chap at reception when I asked to change rooms. He said he couldn't authorise it and I demanded he come to my room to inspect the damp patch on the wall. It was disgusting.   I wrote to the manager and never received an acknowledgement or response. Yet again, another hotel ripping people off.   My advice is to steer clear.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Certainly not a 4 star. Reception inviting but then we were taken down the road to an awful downstairs room. Entrance hall had an  unpleasant smell. Could have cried when we entered the room. It was so bare. Three small lamps which gave hardly any light at all. Net curtains didn't pull across, stains on the carpet, small blood stains on the net. Bathroom, if you could call it that, was up a step and into a plastic unit which we presumed had been fitted into a wardrobe space. The basin was tiny, tap had part missing,shower was broken and no roller for the toilet roll. We were going to complain to the manager but he never was there . Were also woken on our first morning by we presumed plubing noises and the last straw on the second morning the one curtain and pole fell down. Did…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay at Tophams,"For our Ruby Wedding Anniversary we had an excursion booked on the Orient Express and wanted a luxury hotel, in keeping with the style of the occasion, close to Victoria Train Station.  The description on lastminute.com’s website indicated that Tophams fitted the bill and we prepaid one night’s stay for around £275 for room only.  The booking confirmation from lastminute.com contained a long list of items that would feature in our room. On arrival at Tophams we were asked to preauthorize a credit card payment of £40 in case we consumed items not included in the room price.  We were then led out of the hotel, along the public footpath to an unattended locked building.  We went up a dark staircase to a cupboard-like landing leading on to three doors.  One of these opened on to our…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't Stay Here!!,"Booked a double room through Booking.com based on room descriptions, photos and star ratings.  Arrived to be shown a room which so small you couldn't open the wardrobe doors because of the bed and you had to share a bathroom on landing! Said needed my own ensuite (as per room description) and shown a basement room in a building down the road which just stank of damp! Reception was full of people complaining and can understand why! Dont stay here!",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","The Topham Hotel  -  To online booking agents like booking.com, please  read and believe the customer reviews!","I went to London for my Masters Class in Digital Marketing. It was fashion week and all the hotels are fully booked. I tried looking for a good, clean and safe hotel that is on the average price per day right after I landed in London. I was able to get a room at Park Plaza in Victoria, but only for 2 days. So as soon as I landed to London, I decided to look for another hotel where I can transfer on the 3rd day.   Most booking websites recommended Tophams hotel whenever my hotel  of choice is not available. Tophams is a "" 4-star hotel"", according to these booking sites and that the price per room per night is a premium at the average of 400 pounds. I was aware of the bad reviews this hotel has been getting from travellers but I didnt have any choice at that time.  So I booked for…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1235-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This hotel is not a four star,"On arrival checked in  which was quite simple and headed for our room. Quite dissapoointed as was very very small. Room was nicely decorated, bed looked lovely and clean, but ceiling had large water mark on it.  There was two of us and it was difficult to maneouvre around the bed. TV picture was good, lots of channels except channel 5. Tea making facilities dire. Whilst you had kettle and tea, albeit ""special"" teas which we didn't like. No ordinary tea bags, no milk. Had to go and buy t-bags and milk in order to get decent cup of tea.  Furniture ok but showing very obvious signs of wear. Air conditioning was though very good. Stteep steps down to the shower (bit dangerous for the older person)  which is over the bath which was difficult to get in and out of. Distinct lack of…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","not clean, breach of contract","They never had anything that they promised on their web site.  There was no internet, no air conditioning, and the room was very smelly.  There are many clients in the lobby complaining to the manager when checking out, but the manager seemed to care nothing.  I strongly recommend NOT to stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Perfect for a girly weekend!,"Rooms are small but newly decorated, me and a girlfriend went for a girly weekend and the staff could not have been more helpful! We were even brought teabags at 4 in the morning!!! Staff were all very friendly and the breakfast was really good!",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Not 4-star but no major complaints,"Our room was small but otherwise acceptable. I'd not consider this a 4-star hotel but neither was it as bad as other reviews indicated. Only 2 complaints, 2 burned out or missing bulbs and a cluster of dirt between the shower stall and the wall.  The front office staff treated us very well and I expect would have dealt with these problems had we felt they were bad enough to complain.  Excellent location (especially those arriving from Gatwick) with Victoria Station just a 5 minute walk away. Would stay at the Topham again.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","In need of a little help, not bad but could be alot better for the price","I was asked by the receptionist on arrival to write a review on Trip Advisor, which makes me think that the hotel staff read the comments, therefore coming from the hotel industry myself and managing such hotels I thought I would come up with a few helpful tips along the way.  When making my reservation online, I called to check a few things, when I did the guy over the telephone wanted to get rid of me so fast.  Maybe you should look to implement a level of call service, try calling other chain hotels you will get the idea from this.  Upon arrival at the hotel we was greeted by a lady sat behind a very large desk, who when checking us in stayed in her seat?? I’m sure this is not of her own fault, since there was two other reception staff I saw doing the same. This did make the…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1240-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location for transport around the city with friendly and helpful staff,"After reading the reviews on this site, we weren't sure what to expect from this hotel. It turns out it was just what we were looking for. It is a five minute walk from Victoria train station, which is ideal to get around the city. We were met by very friendly and helpful staff. The room was small but beautifully decorated. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a city trip or shopping trip. Thank you, to everyone at Tophams, for our pleasant stay. We will be back!",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",worst reception service,"Excellent central location boutique hotel, it is a shame that it's the worst ever reception staff service I ever experienced.  Would be good if they can be trained to be hospitable, it is suppose to be a hotel service!",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't bother there are better places for same price! !,"The positive of this hotel is the location- quiet street but really close to Victoria station and attractions.  All the staff look like they just arrived from Bosnia and have the attitude towards customer service that would be welcomed in belson.  The rooms are tiny, and I mean tiny! You only get the complimentary mini bar if you booked the hotel directly with them not from an online agent. It's £2 for a can of coke otherwise!  I even went to to the desk and showed them their own web site on my I pad and they were having none of it!  I had to pay for my coke without any apology. Our shower leaked because the reception staff phoned us in the room complaining the people below had water running down the Walls.  We also had a massive damp patch on the wall in our room. The staff…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Beautifully Done,"Just come back from Tophams and having booked it as a top secret hotel and not knowing the name of the hotel until after we paid I was horrified by the reviews!  I rang the hotel and told them that we definately wanted twin beds (travelling with a friend), an ensuite that was attached to the room and didn't want a basement room.  Was really worried what we would find on arrival but we were very pleasantly surprised.  The reception area is small but very smart.  The room, on the ground floor (No 6), was a good size with a well exquiped ensuite with separate bath and shower.  Two velvet upholstered chairs and a small backless sofa and a small tale made the room comfortable to sit in and it was very nicely decorated.  The staff all seemed to be foreign and not very well informed…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",BEWARE DO NOT BOOK,What can i tell you was supposed to be a special night as going off for the day from Victoria the next morning it was my partners birthday treat - arrived at Tophams was told room had been double booked along with 5 Yes 5 other bookings they attempted to find alternative accommodation failed so I had to travel back home and make the journey back into London the following day NOT HAPPY -  Four weeks later and I am still trying to get my money back - no-one is interested I think this hotel is a scam they take your money don't provide the service and then you can't get hold of anyone to refund your money - I am going to take them to court and get trading standard involved - VERY UPSETTING - Damn wish I'd checked trip advisor before I booked,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1245-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",rubbish waste of money and its freezing very poor dont stay here !!,"We stayed new years eve it was freezing in the room damp the lost of problems is endless we got ""upgraded "" to the kensington one which was even worse I would never ever recommened this hotel give me a holiday inn anyday over this dump its not worth money and as for the managerment not repling to repeated letters of complantant is discusting!    oh and u wont get molton brown products so dont be fooled !",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A complete sham.  Overpriced and the worst customer service ever!,"This hotel is obviously following a pattern.  We were charged for items out of the mini bar which we didn't have, and to date that has not been refunded despite emailing the hotel direct.  Mindyou they haven't answered our complaint made as soon as we got home.   Our stay in London was nearly ruined by this awful hotel and it's ""snotty"" receptionist and indifferent management.  Upon our arrival we were told we would be able to have our room for one night but then they would have to move us because a ""regular"" guest would be wanting our room as he always had that room.  How would you feel having paid upfront £460 for 3 nights stay?  My husband and I were absolutely amazed and it was only when we said this wasn't on that the receptionist said ok I can find you a room which you can…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",HORRENDOUS - TAKE NOTE OF THE REVIEWS!,"4 stars?? The website said air conditioning - none, dvd player - none, safe - none, minibar - none, elevators none - we had to drag our suitcases up 43 stairs. Wifi advertised but there wasn't any. The room was very hot, the toilet made a horrible noise when you flushed it, the taps were wonky in the bathroom, the shower didn't drain and the kettle was full of disgusting murky scum.  There was rubbish stuffed everywhere. The staff were also rude and unhelpful. Location was good and comfortable beds but this wasn't worth paying alot of money for.",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Dishonest and to close for comfort,"We booked a room big enough for a family of 5  at Knightsbridge and were told upon arrival no available room.  They instead offered us 2 rooms at Topham.  The rooms were soooo small that you could barely walk around the bed.  At first they tried to put us in the basement where smelled musty. When I complained about the fact we paid 400 pounds and these rooms were not equal and should receive partial refund, I was told each room at this hotel is 400 pounds and I was receiving a deal by having 2 rooms.  When looked on website this was wrong information.  Customer service horendous and rooms small.  Not at all recommended for people with children.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",What on earth would overseas visitors make of this shambles???,"My wife and recently graduated daughter booked this hotel the night before a trip on the Orient Express to celebrate my birthday. We arrived from Norfolk by train on perhaps the hottest day of the year. Check in was conducted by various people, all from overseas although they all spoke reasonable English in a humourless manner. We also had to pay in full at check in, and leave a £100 credit card charge against any further expenses in the restaurant or mini bar. Never been asked for that anywhere else, and I am still checking our credit card bill religiously to check there  haven't been any charges put against it. On looking for our rooms, the lift bizarrely only goes up one floor so we had to carry our bags up and through a maze of corridors. Our daughter had a single room on…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1250-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't Stay Here!,"We booked several weeks in advance and arrived on schedule.  However, after returning home the booking agent notified us that we were being billed and extra GBP164.00 for not arriving as scheduled.  The location, near Victoria Station is great and the bed was comfortable, but the service was atrocious.  The coffee pot leaked, there was no cream or powdered cream for the coffee.  There were only three coat hangers in the closet and despite repeated requests we were told that no more were available.  The shower in the bathroom was too small, the door didn't fit and water sprayed on to the floor.  Also, there was only one very small piece of soap - inadequate for two people for three days.  More soap was provided the second day - not by the maid service but only after we asked for…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Awful service, charged me for thing I didn't use, they should be shut down","I don't generally write reviews on trip advisor as I use it more for researcher on trips. After fighting with this hotel for the last two months I felt compelled to let everyone else know about this operation. I stayed in the hotel for two nights. The first night my toilet kept running and the hotel staff promptly moved me to another room. The new room had a TV that was mounted directly 90 degrees to the left of the pillows on the bed. I'll be honest and say that the room wasn't bad, the piece that got me is that they charged an extra 25 pounds to my credit card after I checked out indicating that I had items from the mini bar. They could not tell me what I had (clearly because I didn't even open it) and said they would look into the situation. I have called every week in…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst customer service I've ever experienced!!!,"Having read the terrible reviews for this hotel I was worried about my stay to say the least, however the booking couldn't be cancelled.  We arrived to be greeted by an extremely rude receptionist who told us that the twin rooms we'd booked were no longer available and the best she could do was double rooms.... not great unless you're prepared to sleep in the same bed as your travelling partners!! We were given free breakfast instead. She didn;t crack a smile once and was very rude.  She also insisted there was no manager she could speak to about the problem.... She must deal with complaints a lot as her speach was perfect...almost robotic!! One room was nice, the air con didn't work in the other and one room was damp and smelt musty.  The rooms were very small.  The…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A box with no bathroom ...,".. is what I got for my night stay in Tophams for 144£. I've stayed in hundreds of hotels all over the globe and this stay was undoubtedly the worst value for money I've ever experienced. The single room was incredibly tiny. Even in Tokyo I got way bigger rooms for the same amount of money. It was indeed just an over-sized  wardrobe drawer. The room had no bathroom or toilets en-suite! I had to go a floor up to get to ""my"" bathroom. Yes, ""my"" bathroom, since when I checked in the receptionist lied with a straight face that I will be the only one using this bathroom. As it turned out, at least three 09 rooms (109, 209 and 309) share the same bathroom.   144£ for a box and a hostel-like bathroom sharing. They also make sure you pay the bill on check-in :) They already know why.…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stinky little dump,"This is the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to encounter. I booked  and expected a luxury hotel with many amenities. In actuality we were presented with was a tiny room in a smelly basement in a separate building away from the main hotel, that had minimal facilities. We looked a a few other rooms, all similarly awful. The price, although discounted, was still higher than it should be for this apology for a hotel. The staff were completely disdainful. DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOVEL.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1255-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,"We arrived to the hotel just before midnight, and they has been informed about late arrival. We got a disgusting basement room, with awful smell. First thing in the morning we went to reception and asked new and better room. We got another, which was proper room in ""main"" hotel.   We stayed 4 nights and every day we heard the same complaints about disgusting rooms and that hotel was over-booked. I will never go to that hotel of frauds again.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DO NOT GO HERE Disgusting damp hotel with staff that don't care,I booked on Lastminute into a 4* luxury refurbished boutique hotel - this is definately not one. I was in the Mews rooms (read damp smelling basement) I felt ripped off having paid £170 for a superior room.... if this was that God help anyone who books a normal one.... the rack rate is £455   DO NOT GO HERE,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",T E R R I B  L E   N I G H T M A R E !!!   D O N T   G O  T H E R E !!!,"Hotel is overbooked every day.They send customers to different hotels without any apology.It was NOT a coincidence,they do it on purpose!They charge your credit card first and then they send you to another hotel where you have to pay again.We argued 3 days to get the refund.Dont leave hotel without refound receipt!It is not a 4 star hotel!!!Staff at reception is rude and unprofessional and constantly lying.Rooms dirty and were not ready at checkin. Equipment not as 4 star hotel.Breakfast poor and not worth the money,the waitress chaotic!The manager is totally incompetent and not able to organize anything. They charge your credit card by checkin not by checkout.They require an extra £50 deposit for minibar and other potentials. If they send to their sister hotel Knightsbrigde,…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Awful!,"Me and my pertner arrived at Tophams hotel at 3.30pm, well after check-in time. There was a couple at receptiopn complaining about the room situation and we waitied over 10minutes just lwatching before one of the other eceptionists decided to offer their help to us. We had reserved a spaceon-line prior to arrival but suprise, suprise, there were no rooms available. After arguing our case, they decided we did have a room but that we'd have to wait in thwe bar area for our room. Meanwhiel the couple were still kicking offa bout the state of their room. After another half hour wait, I asked how lonhg it was going to take to check in and we were told to take a seat as the yhad to get someone in to clean the room first. Another 20minutes and we were finally shown to our '4 star room'…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Seriously....do NOT stay here.. the worse hotel ever!,Arrived at the very nice reception area at 8.30am to check-in and leave a bag as I assumed they would not have my room ready. Advised them I would be back much later that evening and assumed everything was fine. Finally returned at 11pm to be greeted by a young receptionist who seemed quite sheepish to see me and announced she would take me to my room. I said that wouldn't be necessary and then realised she was heading out the door. I stopped and asked where are we going and she told me they were oversold and I would be staying in their sister property a few doors down the street. I protested politely as was too tired to do otherwise and she told me to speak to the management in the morning. I was then shown to what can only be described as the worse room (No. 5) I have ever had…,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1260-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"We stayed at the Tophams Hotel and will never stay there again. There was no mirror or power points in the bathroom.  One of the shower doors was missing and water leaked all over the floor.  We had to ask for soap, shampoo and toilet paper.  The internet didn't work in our room. We complained and they offered us a 15% discount, but we had prepaid, so we never got our 15% refund and they won't responded to my emails.  Do yourself a favour - don't stay here.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",DONT EXPECT THIS HOTEL TO HONOUR YOUR PREPAID BOOKING THEY DO NOT,"We arrived at Tophams in the evening after a long journey and found that, although the booking had been paid for some time ago, amazingly the room WAS NOT AVAILABLE. Pathetic and transparent excuses were given by a young uncaring receptionist such as ""Oh the hotel was flooded ""  ""The Air Conditioning is not operational""... An older middle eastern man suggested that we go and find some other hotel,  in otherwords he did not want any problems with our complaints and wanted to get rid of us. Eventually it was clear that we could not stay at Tophams and we were directed to a sister Hotel in Knightsbridge which was supposed to be of a high standard.   This led to a total nightmare  THE VILE ROOM ALLOCATED TO US WAS ON THE 6TH FLOOR AND WAS SINGLE!!! IT WAS EXCEPTIONALLY GRUBBY (COULD…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Rude, unreasonable, untidy, dirty and nothing like the website except the reception!!","I booked into this hotel for my graduation so it was supposed to be a special evening...arrived at 8 in the evening to frop bags off before dinner. We had booked a twin room and paid to find out the only room available was a double with no bed side tables or bathroom!!! no spologies and very rude staff, they tried to pass us on to the hotel in Chelsea which also has terrible reviews.  The rooms were nothing like the ones in the pictures and the carpets were filthy, please don't book this hotel!!!!!",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Excellent location, but rooms too small and service poor","A smallish hotel close to Victoria station.  We booked a premium king room which was mis-repesented, as it was tiny.  The small rooms are well furnished and the air-conditioning is good.  The breakfast room is quaint.  The housekeeping staff managed to forget something like towels every day, and it took many calls to reception to have the matter rectified.  The staff appeared to be continually arguing with dissatisfied clients.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not ever book this hotel,"I have no idea what the facilities are like. I joined a cue of people either complaining about their rooms or being moved elsewhere because they were over-booked - obviously a habit from other comments.  I was sent walking 1 1/2 miles to a fleapit in Chelsea, which was not where I wanted to be in every sense. Never again.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1265-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","HOTEL OWES ME MONEY & FEIGNS IGNORANCE 'BOUT IT, RUDE STAFF.","we had booked 2 rooms through bookings.com and paid the length of the stay in full. infact more than 1 month before we arrived. on the day we arrived. the hotel was overbooked, after a 14 hour flight. they told us it was a ""take it or leave it"" situation and checked us into a dump that was over in Wembley! they made us pay for the hotel at Wembley and promised to re-imburse. despite chasing for the past 3 weeks, we have not received our money. the staff were rude and refused to help. they fake denial, they lied and even got the boss to say that he had already credited the money to our credit cards which was not true at all. they made us feel like we were begging for our own money. the staff refused to look at us each time we enter the hotel. I am terribly upset and still dunno…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I would not recommend this hotel,"We were given a basement room with no windows which was decorated from floor to ceiling in dark brown. You can imagine how dark it was. There was no light that could be switched on when you enter the room. Lights could only be switched on at wall sockets. There was no wardrobe or even hooks behind doors - luckily we had brought our own coathangers and had to hang clothes up on the door trim. 2 odd mugs were provided for tea/coffee - one glass and one ceramic. There was a stain on the top of a small bedside cabinet which looked like congeled cola/beer. The ensuite was nicely decorated, however the mat on the floor in front of the wash basin was filthy, the plug in the basin did not work properly and the light over the bathroom mirror did not work. Overall very disappointing.…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",No Idea What Customer Service Means! DON'T Stay Here,"I booked for 2 nights at Tophams Hotel London and when i rang to arrange the booking in February, everything seemed fine. I wanted the Deluxe King room, including breakfast and was told the total cost would be £320. However, upon booking, they told me they couldn't accept the booking because my credit card was about to expire (it was actually 2 months away from expiring) and they needed it for authorisation. I then had to call back up 2 months later with my new card. I asked several times for email confirmation that i now had the reservation - they messed me around so many times with this. Various emails said i had the Deluxe King and then i had some saying i just had the Standard Double room. From February right up until 3 days before departure for our stay in London, i was…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst. Hotel. Ever.,"I wish I had heeded all the bad reviews I read about this hotel -- they're all true.  Our rooms were PATHETIC. From the main lobby we were lead back out onto the street and down the block. In this building, the rooms were dingy, moldy, and disgusting. Air conditioning? Forget it. One of our rooms didn't even have a WINDOW to allow air or light in! It was like a dungeon. The rooms weren't even wired for lights! Instead, there were plug in lamps all over that we'd have to plug in and out of the wall sockets to turn on and off. The bathrooms were small -- I mean, a person could barely fit inside them. The bathrooms on a cruise ship room are bigger and nicer than these were. In one room the TV didn't work. In the other room, there was no remote. In both rooms, the wires from the TV…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I wish I had read the reviews!!!!!!!!!!,"I booked two colleagues into this hotel directly on their website for a business trip, specifically for the Victoria area only for them to be told they were full on arrival even though we had a confirmed booking,  They were shipped off to an alternative hotel in Kensington, miles away from where they needed to be.  I will be writing a strong complaint letter and will not be using them again.  I can only assume they overbooked themselves.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1270-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Poor in every dimension,"I was the first to arrive out of 6 colleagues to the hotel this week. We have all booked a single room with internet connection. The room rate was c-£150 pp, something decent for a 4 star hotel in central London. Once I have done the check in, the receptionist send me to a room with NO private toilet, saying: ""you just need to share it with 4 of your colleagues"". Once my other colleagues arrived, they were assigned to regular rooms. I had to complain to receive a better room and I was sent to their ""sister hotel"" - 200 mts from the original. The second room was in a basement, TV didnt work, no mirrors, no internet connection and the shower pipes were blocked, causing a tsumani after a quick shower. The only window available was right beside the place were the cleaning stuff…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"It's close by Victoria station (4 min. walking) and Buckingham Palace. The location is perfect! The hotel is nicely furnished. It looks trendy and lovely. We got the room on the lower floor and it was big. The bathroom was very comfortable, clean and big. It had a bath and separate shower. The staff was very helpfull and friendly and we didn't have to wait untill 2 pm before we could get into our room.  It is absolutely a good price/ value deal, considering the perfect location of the hotel and good looking and modern decorating in the hotel! I don't understand the bad reviews. (there was no bad smell in the hotel and the staff was friendly)",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"The world's first ""four star"" hotel with a room without a bathroom/toilet/ mirror and the classic (and absolutely appalling) ""sister hotel"" option down the street. Throw in the rudest receptionist in the industry and hey presto its Tophams. No manager present, no accountability, no idea how to run a hotel really. Complaints and heated exchanges at reception - including a fellow guest mistakenly double charged during our stay - par for the course.  I was asked to prepare a written complaint for the absentee manager but under the circumstances I think tripadvisor is an altogether more effective forum.  The good rooms are fine, but why risk it.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolute Disaster,Arrived at our Hotel to discover the twin beds we booked were unavailable - despite the fact we booked 3 months in advance. Offered us a double bed with a free sub standard breakfast. Awful smell throughout the hotel. Fire exit had around 20 smelly bins blocking the exit. On Day 2 were offered a twin room but we had to turn them down as the smell was so musty there was no way we could have slept in them. Our bags were temporarily lost and eventually found them in someone elses room. Location great but would suggest you AVOID AT ALL COSTS,Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fraudsters!,"Went through the same procedure as most people report, turned up at Tophams with a ""confirmed"" reservation only to be told they had no rooms left....was shown a manky, horrible room down the ""mews"", refused, and was offered a ""suite' at Knightsbridge Green Hotel plus taxi. It was clear that we would be charged for the night even if we left to go somewhere else, so we accepted the room at KGH. This was substandard to say the least but at least we had a room for the night.  Girl at KGH asked for our creditcard again but we refused to give it to her since we had already paid at Tophams and had been told the bill had been settled in full. Well, Topham charged us £139 straight away for the stay, AND now KGH have also charged us an additional  £139, although we never gave them our…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1275-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",To avoid at all cost for sure,"I have booked this hotel from Canada. We arrived very early in the morning just to drop our luggage, at the reception they confirmed our reservation for a King superior room. Back in the afternoon they told us a complete different story and asked us to stay at their sister property, which is very poor and show us a room in a basement,w/ no window, no closet to hang cloth..terrible. our other choice a room upstair not really better but at least w/ windows (But w/ no privacy in the bathroom and had to go back at the ""main hotel"" to get toilet paper, soap and shampoo) A real joke.. Take a look at the pictures ...it is far from their website ... I will never use this hotel again.Totally dishonest, no respect for customer TO AVOID...DO NOT BOOK INTO THIS HOTEL !!!",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"My experience is similar to many other reviewers. I stay at least 2 days a week in London on business. On all recent occasions I have booked this hotel, the hotel has been full (or so they say) and they have either asked me to stay at their sister property, which is poor, or at a hotel just down the road, again poor quality. As a single female business traveller I do not feel comfortable being asked to get into a cab to an unknown destination and pretty much have to take the room offered rather than the establishment I thought I was staying in. Additionally, the alternatives offered are dreadful. I will never use this hotel again.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Heed the warnings - stay away,"Well well, where to start?  I'm writing this review the night after a fire broke out in the kitchen of this lovely establishment.  I must point out that my partner and I have history with this hotel. We have been in the past one of the unfortunate many carted off to the salubrious Knightsbridge Green hotel because 'they had no record of our booking' despite this booking being made through their website and me waving a booking confirmation at them. This little episode ended with the check-in girl passing me the phone to speak to 'the manager' who had all the social grace of an amoeba and accused me of not making the booking properly. He then put the phone down on me. Nice. I think someone needs to go back to hospitality college. We stayed there last night due to a last minute…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Stay away from this dump with amateurish management and service,"Summary : Reservation confirmed, overbooking, no room, but charged anyway to my credit card. Manager refuses to refund and offer a free night instead for next time !!! Totally dishonest, no respect for customer or hesitation to process undue charges. Add to that rude and unhelpful staff, tiling falling off the walls in the rooms, heating often not working, stinking mews and room service menu rarely available. There is far better value for money in London!!! (Try the Rubbens or the 41, a real treat, minutes away from this trap)  In more details if you care to read: I am (or should I say now... was) a regular returning guest in this hotel. But one evening when checking in, and after taking a print of my credit card I am informed that there is no room for me due a technical problem…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Total Scam - avoid at all costs,"DO NOT BOOK INTO THIS HOTEL !!! From our experience, and pretty much everyone else we met who arrived any time after 3pm to check-in at this hotel, it's booking management is at best a total shambles and at worst a total scam. They seem to deliberately overbook the hotel, fill the rooms at Belgravia on a first-come, first-served basis, and then try to either dump everyone else into the remaining dingy rooms, or move them to a 'sister' hotel in Knightsbridge which is a total kip. We had two double rooms booked for one night, arrived at 10pm after having phoned ahead twice to notify them of our late arrival and to reconfirm the bookings to ensure they knew we were definitely coming. There were several people in the cramped reception ahead of us, all in various stages of…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1280-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do Not Stay At This Hotel !!,"This has to be the worst experience I have had in years - the check in process is a shambles - they had overbooked the rooms, they offered no apology, we ended up sharing a family room.  Other people were coming into the very busy reception area to say that their rooms were smelly. Stay Away.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel - scam,Beware of this hotel's lovely 'boutique hotel' website.  You might think you're staying there but chances are you could be sent anywhere in London.  We booked 3 rooms in Tophams mainly because it was very convenient for Victoria St. station.  On arrival at the hotel we were put through the motions of registering for our rooms and then were told very non-chalantly that they didn't have rooms for us in the hotel and they were going to move us to Knightsbridge to a 'better' hotel.  We insisted that we didn't want to stay anywhere else and wanted an explanation as to why this had happened.  We got no apology and no explanation.  We were then told that they had one room available in the hotel and that there were 2 other rooms in a mews down the street.  We viewed the rooms in the…,Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",An absolute disgrace / owners/management should be ashamed .,"on arrival my wife and daughter were told the room was double booked and they had to go to ''the Mews '' 400 yards away which is not a hotel but a group of flats with tiny rooms and I won't repeat what my wife found in the first room which had 1 poor light .no hair dryer no tea coffee ,2 nd night they were taken to different room in mews ,no improvement.Receptionist was very rude speaking on a mobile all the time ,no help, and no access to a manager .Being credited the money back which was demanded on arrival is not good enough .a real disappointment for a special trip to see Sister Act .",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ripped me off £100 for 'expenses' that I didn't use!,"Having read all these bad reviews I came prepared for a fight aswell. On arrival we were told to wait, we waited for 30 minutes before they finally checked us in. The room was lovely, beautiful, had a lovely 2 night stay. On my return home however I had found they took £100 off my debit card for no reason at all!! I have phoned the hotel 3 times now and spoken with very unhelpful staff who can barely speak English, who say they have no record of taking £100 off me. I have a bank statement saying otherwise. I will be reporting this hotel to Trading Standards and the police shortly. I want my money back. We already paid £300 for the room for 2 nights, this is ridiculous.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",BEWARE - This Hotel is a Scam!,"I stayed at this hotel last year for 3 nights, and there always seemed to be irate people in reception. This week, we were those irate people, and now I understand how the scam works. They will take everybody's booking - we had confirmation 3 weeks earlier, but when we arrived, we were told that there were no rooms. They showed us the nearby Mews (musty smell & no lights working), and then sent us to another hotel - the Knightsbridge Green Hotel. There is something very dodgy about this hotel! We ended up staying in a hotel that we didn't want to stay in, but because we had no time, we had no options. There was no apology, and the ice-queen in reception made a big deal of the fact that they paid for the taxi to bring us to the overflow hotel. Be very careful when booking this…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1285-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst service we ever had! We believe we were scammed!,"This hotel is perfectly placed for travelers wishing to use Gatwick and the Gatwick express, it is also a great looking property and an inviting place to spend the night. We booked, and had our booking confirmed, with two other couples precisely for this reason. However things did not work out as expected, firstly the hotel was overbooked and we were offered two rooms in a property adjacent. These rooms had no lights so we could not see them! We eventually accepted three rooms in a hotel in Knightsbridge, which was tidy but smelly and definitely downmarket. While waiting for a taxi to take us to the new hotel, two other people were also told the hotel was overbooked and they were brought to the rooms with no lights. This is a relatively common happening it appears, now that I…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","An amazing weekend break, just perfect","I stayed in this hotel with some friends and we loved it, the hotel had georgous interior, very friendly and helpfull staff. Our room was very luxurious , Egyptian ccotton sheets fluffy carpets it was really lovely. It was a family room but also perfect was a group and at a very good price, i will definitely will be staying in this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Best hospitality, beautiful hotel","I travel a lot with my mum and spent 3 nights in a cosy twin room at the Tophams.  The hotel has great design. I love the colours, unique furniture. The room was also very trendy and clean.  Whenever we wanted something we were serviced excellently.  The location is perfect for everyone as very central. We reached the Soho, theatres very easily. Buckingham Palace is in walking distance. Special thanks for the receptionist who helped to arrange sightseeing, booked restaurants for us. During the whole stay we felt very welcomed by the staff. We were very satisfied during the whole stay. We got what we booked: lovely hotel, beautiful room, and helpful staff for £195 per night.  We are very pleased by their hospitality and looking forward to staying at the hotel when we are in…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointing - this hotel has really gone downhill,"Although the location and decor of the hotel is good, I don't think I'll be returning. I think this hotel must have changed ownership - I first stayed there a year or so ago, and facilities were good (they had Molton Brown then and they do have comfortable beds in a quiet but central location!) and the staff back then were quite pleasant.  Now,  I checked in and was shown to a basement room smelling of sewers, and my colleague was brought to another building altogether, to a small dark room without the nice hotel decor but they proposed to charge the same. To be fair, when I complained I was given a better room.  However, the staff are disinterested to the point of being rude. On checkout, the porter was too busy surfing the net to get my bag from the left luggage room, I was…",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Poor,Poorer, Poorest","What was poor The facilities not as described:  No molton brown.  A double bed was two single beds pushed together - with two single mattresses No hand towels No hairdryer  What was Poorer A bar with no Gin and no Shiraz The room not made up at 4 pm ( had to complain) The breakfast ( do not have)  What was Poorest The staff attitude - lack of concern , lack of engagement, lack of any desire to solve issues  In summary- I have never written on Trip advisor before- but I can honestly say all the reviews we read are true. This is not a 4 star hotel!!!!",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1290-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","top location, great bad, terrible service and cold water","I just stayed in the Tophams Hotel for business. It is in a great location for the Victoria station and the Gatwick express, in a very quiet street less than 5 minutes walk from the station. It has been recently refurbished and the rooms are nice looking. It is very clean and the bed was fantastic for a good nights sleep. The staff is trying very hard but they made quite afew mistakes when checking me in (overcharging, not finding reservation, answering the phones) during the process) which meant it took about 25 minutes to be checked in. There was no hot water in the morning to have a shower which was fixed during the day. However, an Amercian lady who stayed at the hotel complained that she had to have a lukewarm shower three mornings in the row as there isn't enough hot water…",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",I Genuinely Think This Hotel is Great,"I stayed in a double room (booked via LateRooms for £139) on the night of 21st January - and had a great experience at Tophams.  I booked the room in a hurry, and only checked TripAdvisor after booking - and after reading the reviews my heart sank - thinking another night in a stinky mediocre London hotel awaited me.  I was wrong - it was a great stay.  My expectations were raised when I approached the hotel, it looked clean and a little bit funky from the outside.  There was another guest checking in when I arrived, not standing at a big corporate reception desk across a faceless lobby, but sitting at an old fashioned desk in a cosy room with a real fire and quirky art all around.  I had a little nose around while waiting and the whole groundfloor looked lovely.  I didn't use…",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't book here,"We made a booking through booking.com for the Belgravia Mews Hotel in Ebury street. On arrival we were presented with a locked door. There was nothing on the door to tell us what we should do and nothing on our booking confirmation. Eventually, after ringing and ringing, someone came to the door and told us we needed to go to Topham's Hotel along the road.  Topham's hotel looks very nice when you arrive. We were soon disillusioned. The same old story which you will have now read again and again. The girl on reception said they had no record of our booking. We sat for about half an hour before she managed really to tell us this. She was trying to answer three? phones at once and kept breaking off from speaking to us to answer one or the other and take other bookings. At first we…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Warning - read before booking at the Tophams Hotel,"I was due to stay at this hotel for 2 nights - 7/9 January with 3 colleagues. Total bill exceeding £750.  Unfortunately due to the snow our flights were cancelled, and we subsequently postponed our arrival to the following week.  We phoned the Topham's hotel as soon as we had the news about flight cancellation. This was 24 hours before we were due to arrive.  We were refused a refund, despite wanting to rebook the following weekend.  The manager of the hotel was very unprofessional, very inflexible & very unhelpful.  I would think that people could be more understanding given the weather conditions & not merely try & take advantage of people's misfortune.  I advise against booking at this hotel, especially if you are arriving by any form of transport which you cannot rely on…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",THIS IS NOT A REAL HOTEL,"Would like to thank other people who have left reviews which meant that we were ready to do battle with the hotel staff the moment we walked through the door. Sure enough, they tried the same tricks as outlined by others in that they did not want to give us our pre-booked room, and tried to fob us off with 'alternative accommodation' due to a cock and bull story of a 'security issue' on New Years Eve.  We stood our ground, made it clear that we were going nowhere, that we had heard all about them through other reviews, and that we would take legal action if they tried any nonsense. If you have already booked and cannot change it, you should go forwarned and forarmed and do NOT accept any excuses. We were eventually given a double instead of the twin that we had booked.   The…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1295-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never ever book this hotel,I booked online the Belgravia Mews Hotel & received confirmation. On arrival at said hotel I was met with a locked door. A nearby resident told me it was always like this and suggested I try No30 which I did - to no avail. I phoned the number on my confirmation paper & after delay was advised to check in at Tophams hotel. I was unable to see my room as it was not ready ( it was 2-30pm) I returned much later and was given a room in the Belgravia Mews hotel. The room was disgusting and dirty. I refused the room and after much debate I was allocated a single room on 4Th floor It was adequate but certainly not 4Star which they claim The lift goes to the 3 rd floor and my room seemed to be above it so I was awakened late into the night and early morning with lift noise..Never go…,Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst hotel of my life,"I have never stayed at a worse hotel in my whole life. The staff was very unfriendly and the room (in the hotel annex) was so dirty and disgusting. And early in the morning the fire alarm started and we had to be evacuated to the main hotel building but they were not aware of any fire alarm. I will never, ever stay at this hotel (you can barely call it that) again.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Truely awful!,"Having stayed at a number of London hotels I had come to expect certain level of service which this place severely lacked. I had booked two weeks in advance an had recieved an confirmation email.I wrongly assumed this would be enough to assure a room.I arrived at 6pm to find the lobby strewn with luggage.I then asked to check in and was told they were a bit busy,take a seat.I was not seen too and had to ask again if I could check in!alarm bells were ringing at this point!  I was the told the room I booked was unavailable though pre-booked and there was nothing that could be done! They offered to try help me find alternative accomdation,though the tone it was said in was less apologetic more we're doing u a favour!  The staff were unhelpful,clueless and at times rude! If I were u…",None,1.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel,"Please read this review it may save you a lot of trouble and grief, We booked the Tophams Hotel in London as a treat for my mother in laws birthday and recieved confirmation in september,arrived 4/12/09 to be told there was no reservation and i had booked a weekend package they would have to give us a room in there sister hotel the mews down the street after 2 hours arguing with unhelpful staff who never apolozised once we were took down to what i can decribe worse than a hostel .back at the hotel they suddenly found rooms but would have to pay 250 per night per room almost double what we had on our confirmation.Rooms adequate but shoe box size and door slamming and arguing went on all night as several people arrived with no room for them.one couple from norway said they had to…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Horrible Experience, Horrible Hotel, Horrible Staff.  Worst hotel experience ever!","Do yourself a huge favor and do not stay here.  The rooms are horrid and the staff treats all guests as irritants, overbooking is common, and they do not honor their reservation commitments even with proof.  They advertise this place as a 4-star luxury hotel but in my opinion it is not.  We (2 adults, 1 small child) had one night reservations at Tophams Hotel Belgravia at both the beginning and end of our 2 week vacation to Europe so we could explore London.  We were told free breakfast was included and my credit card was charged the full amount for one of the nights, months in advance, to guarantee the rooms.  When we arrived the receptionist could find no record of either reservation and claimed they were full.  She seemed genuinely irritated that I was even talking to her. …",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1300-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed -  classic fur coat and no knickers,"We arrived and they had no record of our booking.  They first put us in a basement room in the annex with no windows and no bedside reading light.  We complained and they moved us to a dirty upstairs room.  Someone had left an old unopened trifle in the wardrobe and it had not been moved so was quite revolting.  The shower did not drain so overflowed into the bathroom.  There were two small towels for two of us and nowehre to hand them.  One T bag for two of us.  Outside our room the place was shabby with broken cupboard doors on the landing and tatty paint and carpets.  Onc omaplinging the receptionist said he agreed it was and awful place,.  If the staff say that...!!!!",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",A scummy hotel to be avoided at all costs,"On arrival i was told that the main hotel was full and i was transferred to what until recently had been the staff accomodation in the Harcourt Hotel. My room was up five flights of stairs, no lift, 51 steps in all. It reminded me of student digs or a grotty bedsit, but then that is what it was. I also have significant concerns with its fire worthiness. Room was missing most of the advertised facilities, featured a large amount of woodhip decoration and was cold and noisy.  Breakfast in the main hotel; cold, wet, unappetising at best. Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Gloom & Doom,"Stayed for one night at Tophams.  Great location, clean, looks nice from the outside, but staff sort of indifferent, not really interested in their clients.  Single room was the size of a (small) shoebox, very expensive (compared to other & much better hotels where I've stayed in London) and next to a noisy elevator.  Breakfast equally overpriced, not offering a large choice and both mushrooms and eggs were completely overdosed on pepper.  Furthermore the LOUD organ music did not really add to a positive breakfast atmosphere.  This also counts for the staff who, also in the morning, had some sort of vacant look on their face and just do not seem to care.  Looked forward to staying there (looked promising on their website) but was relieved to step out of the door eventually. …",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Don't book this ""Top Secret"" Hotel","Like other reviewers, I booked this hotel using Lastminute.com's ""top secret"" hotel package. On checking in, we were told that we weren't staying at Tophams, but at The Harcourt, at 50 Edbury Street.  If you are told this when you check in, turn around and walk out the door. Or demand a room in the hotel you have actually booked.  The Harcourt is a fleapit dump, riddled with dirt and damp. I can't find words to adequately describe the squalor or filthiness of this hotel. Chunks of wallpaper hanging from mouldy damp walls and ceilings. Rooms with broken bulbs and the detrius of previous guests. Disgusting.  After marching back to reception, and demanding to a room in Tophams, we were reluctantly given a tiny attic room by the surly, unapologetic, uncommunicative receptionist.…",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Just like others I had a terrible experience - do not stay here,I do not normally write reviews on here but I have to add my weight to the negative experience of this hotel. I arrived after 9pm just wanting to get into my room and to bed only to be told that the hotel was overbooked due to the installation of a new computer system and I had to go to a sister hotel. As I arrived another couple had just been put into a taxi to another hotel as well. The staff were unhelpful and really there was no option at that time of night but to go to the other hotel.  I ended up out of pocket on the taxi costs and the other hotel was on a very noisy main road! I had packed some ear plugs as I am normally used to countryside noise but I could hear the noise of buses and sirens through them - the whole room shook! The room was ok but with the noise and no…,Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1305-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel I've ever had the misfortune of staying in....Avoid at all cost!!,"The Hotel was absolutely appalling the worst I’ve ever had the misfortune of staying in. The staff were the epitome of cretinus incompetents.   In short this place is best avoided at all cost!  Stinking, Damp, Cold Poky Room, Hideously bad Staff attitude & Service. Staff were at best bungling, ineffectual, and hopelessly inept. Didn’t like: TV channel selection - 1 channel was available with 'snow'. Breakfast was an absolute farce, worse than kindergarten level service, food dried up (what there was of it) Staff announced ""we don't have any orange juice left"" Staff didn't seem to care about anything what so ever customers were viewed as irritants not paying guests. In order to find a teaspoon my partner ventured into the kitchen to  find it's a total filthy health hazard worthy…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Do not stay here - appalling service,"Booked a room here for myself as whilst on business in London.  It was booked via lastminute.com (Top Secret Hotels) and when I found the hotel details out was pleased as it looked to be a 4 star small boutique hotel as described.  It wasn't cheap - £150, so I really hoped that I'd get somewhere of fairly good quality. I did have a scan of the reviews, now wish I'd taken them more seriously, lesson learned!  Well, when I got to the Tophams Hotel I was told by the member of staff on reception that I was actually staying at another part of the hotel - The Harcourt, which was around 4 doors down the road.  The main reception of the Tophams looked really nice, decorated in a boutique style with a nice fire roaring away and so I hoped that the Harcourt was equally as nice.....  Well,…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",We Don't Care That You Have a Reservation,"I can't begin to explain how poorly Topham's handled our reservation with their hotel.  Without going into great detail, we booked a king size room and received no room.  Instead they sent us to a ""sister"" hotel, which did not expect our arrival, where we were put in a single room, that smelled horrific, did not have a functioning air conditioner, and was extremely loud.  Not only were we defrauded by Topham's, it has taken weeks to try to get a refund.  Their manager, Ali, will avoid all calls to request a refund even though, according to Trip Advisor reviews, it looks as though this practice of overbooking and lack of customer service is pervasive.  Do not book at this hotel.  It is unlikely that you will actually get a room.",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Best hotel in Victoria,"I was very surprised to read some of the negative comments of previous reviewers as I really had a great stay; obviously I was lucky. I stayed here for one night on business and apart from a fairly inefficient reception (all staff appeared to be quite new to the hotel) and having to ask three times for a bar of soap, I couldn't fault it.  I was given my room at 12.30, quite rare as hotels usually make you wait until 2pm or later; it was beautifully clean, and I would say recently decorated, with all mod cons apart from the soap.  The bed was fantastically comfortable and I enjoyed my stay.  I will certainly be back if the rates are right as this must be my sixth hotel in Victoria and it was definitely the best.",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Gorgeous boutique hotel! Absolutely stunning!,"I was staying in this hotel with my partner, checked out only today and on train on my way home thought I would leave a feedback about the hotel and was very surprised to see all these comments. We stayed at the hotel for four days and never noticed anything wrong there. To start with the location is perfect: so close to Victoria station, very easy to get to any point in London as there is a tube, rail and so many buses departing from the station, and the hotel just two minutes walk from there. Staff was very helpful and competent, during four days of our stay we had quiete a few questions as we do not know London that good, and they knew the answer for every our question! The breakfast served at the hotel was really lovely: buffet style, including traditional English breakfast,…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1310-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Bot-hams more like,"As a weekly visitor to London I've stayed in a great many hotels. This one takes the prize for the biggest variance between description and reality. My first lovely ""re furbished"" room was in fact on the basement of an annexed hotel with no windows and the bed had not been made-up. The second attempt looked like a knocking shop with a dirty plastic cupboard for a ""bathroom"". Number 3 was a single room with separate bathroom which the receptionist couldn't find. I got a better reception from the suit of armour in reception than any off the staff - the only good knight in the hotel? aha. Join the queue of complaining guests at reception",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Poor, poor,poor!!!!","Terrible service, overbooked rooms, the twin room we'd booked was unavailable when we got there so had to share a double bed with my friend.   Room was tiny and evidence of a leak from upstairs was obvious on ceiling and down one wall.   Free drinks promised as part of theatre package did not appear, food was poor.   Staff unhelpful and rude.   One poor couple were sat in bar area (not open for drinks) after travelling overnight from Canada, told they had no record of the booking, even though the guy had his printed receipt.   No refreshments offered and they were ignored the whole time we were sat with them. They looked exhausted.   1 tea bag between us and no biscuits!!!!   The travelodge does better for a 1/4 of the price.",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Excellent location but rooms small and noisy,"We were in the basement and the noise from the rooms above and the plumbing was enough to keep you awake, added to this they have a linen delivery at 5.30am every morning! The room was small but clean and adequate for a couple of days. I didn't consider it value for money and the noise alone means I wouldn't return.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",They didn't let us spend our first booked night..... Overbooking!!!!!!!,"As you can read in our title we haved booked 2 nights in this hotel and when we arrived there at 10 pm they wanted to give us a inferior ""room"" with no bathroom ensuite, very small, dirty walls. Not the one we booked. After argue a lot they offer us to move to the knightsbridge green hotel of the same chain, worse hotel. The next day the give us a chance to come back to the topham's they give us a superior room and to be honest the room was beautiful and clean, new refurbished with style. But how it could finish it well, next morning moment before to leave the guest in the upper room was havind a shower and the water started to leak from the ceiling. I promise it was incledible!",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't stay here if it 's the last hotel on earth! They are running a scam!,I had booked this for an overnight stay incorporating taking in a West End show. We turned up at the very nice reception and were confronted by a receptionist who made it obvious it was a chore to check us in. After presenting the booking paperwork it became apparent that there was a problem and another guest came to our side. It transpires that she and her family were in the same boat and had been trying to get their room reservation accepted and had been there for four hours without success. When I challenged the receptionist she just walked off and only after some persuation admitted they did not have any rooms but would try and sort something out. I wanted to speak to the duty manager or general manager - they only work Monday to Friday between 9 and 5 ? - and they were the…,Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1315-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Wouldn't rush back.,"We stayed here as it was convenient for Wicked. The room was in the basement and adequate for a one night stay but we wouldn't rush to return. If this was the upgraded room that I had booked and paid for then I'd hate to stay in a standard room. Compared to hotels in the same price range this lacked the service levels and general standards expected. Didn't bother eating in the hotel as we felt as though we were a nuisance to the staff. No one gave us any information about the restaurant although there was an a-board in the street outside and there were lots of good restaurants around for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A most unwelcoming place.",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",The worst Hotel in London !! and its not safe!!,I tried the hotel out even though there was mixed reviews on this site. I dont usually leave any feedback but please be warned this hotel is in contravine of fire regulationas and health and safety regulations. Ther receptionist was fairly friendly on check in and my room wasnt ready. When she came back to me I was told that I was in there sister Hotel down the road. When I got there I had been put in the basement room with no windows and no ventilation at all.  I awoke in the morning to a smell of sewer!! When I complained the receptionist didnt seem bothered at all and said that she couldnt give a discount as the manager needs to authorise . And if she did she would have to pay out of her own pocket. The hotel was not representative of what I paid for. For £140.00 I could have…,Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Don't go there !!!,"The only good point about this hotel is its location, in central london, near Victoria station. The rooms are so small you cannot even lay your suitcase somewhere, some of them are in the basement, the mattress of the bed seems to be 10 years old, the carpet on the ground so dirty and the window in our room couldn't be closed. The ventilation in the room is so noisy that it's better not to use it. The hotel has absolutely no charm, and the style and the furniture are so cheap. The worst though is its value for money. I cannot understand how such a hotel can have a 4 star rating, it's maximum a 3 star in reality. It feels like a big rip-off (we paid 150 £ a night !).",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",FANTASTIC hotel -- nothing to complain about!!,"I booked this hotel back in July, before the negative reviews came pouring in on this site.  After reading them, I was a bit nervous about my reservation, but having prepaid, I decided to give it a go before staying elsewhere.  I travel a lot for work and have high standards.  I am NO idea how any of these negative reviews could possibly be founded -- the hotel is in a fabulous location, the design is very contemporary, the beds are comfortable, and everything was spotless.  Above and beyond this, I found the staff to be very helpful.  I booked a double room and arrived thirty minutes before check-in time began at 12 noon.  I was kindly asked to wait in the bar for a few minutes until the room was ready, so I sat in the adorable bar and waited for maybe ten minutes.  The…",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","The worst hotel I have ever been to, even Holiday Inn is better!!!!","We stayed at the tophams hotel back in August and it was awful I would definatly recommend to never go there, we encountered many problems, firstly our booking wasn't even registered, then we were sent to our room of which was not what we had booked it was a much cheaper room, when we informed them they told us that the room we had booked was not ready therefore we would have to wait for it to be cleaned and we wanted to get ready and go off out into London which we could not do! Then when we got our room, the air conditioning didn't work, neither did the television, on a good point the room was nicely decorated and clean, but definatly not worth the money, we also were not informed that we had to pay for breakfast (which is so overpriced for what you get) which was then charged…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1320-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Intentional overbooking? Don't let them do it to you!,there were 3 rooms booked for our party. Check in for two went ok. We told the reception and other staff that the people for the 3rd room would be late so hold the room.  In the event when they did turn up the room had gone. This was happening to a stream of people throughout the early evening. The customers were all being redirected to a sister hotel.  We had booked the hotel because of an early start and its proximity to Victoria station.  We got the distinct impression that the overbooking was intentional and a method of filling the sister hotel. If so it is downright dishonest. Don't let them do it to you.,Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",This hotel is running a con,"I have never written an internet review before, putting any disappointments down to experience. However, our experience at Tophams has left me so incensed that I am determined to let others know. Our party was comprised of my parents, my brother and his girlfriend and my husband and I. We therefore had booked three rooms. My parents and my husband and I checked in without incident, although with all the problems listed already about surly and unhelpful reception staff with very little English. My brother was delayed and both I and my father informed reception that they would be checking in after dinner. We were assured this would be fine. Inevitably, on returning to the hotel after dinner to check in, my brother and his girlfriend were told that there was no room for them and…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell!,"After Driving in circles for an hour as the postcode was not showing anywhere near the hotel on the sat nav, we arrived at the hotel with no where to park, the websites states there is onsite parking so we pulled up out the front to ask the receptionist where to park, then to find out we didnt have a room they had over booked, getting caught up in sorting that out we were then issued with a parking ticket, as there was nowhere for us to park. The hotel was supplying a different hotel for us to stay in along with everybody else booked into the hotel that weekend, still having to pay the £200 a night but to stay in a hotel 2 miles down the road, we were booked in for a photoshoot and the studio was a 2 minute walk from the hotel we origionally booked, so staying in a hotel miles…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Apalling,"This hotel is very nicely decorated but that is the only good thing to say about it. For an expensive hotel (which it is, even for central London), the service was absolutely appalling. There were lots of staff around, all young, nervous with limited english, unable to communicate clearly and deal efficiently with the guests.  Getting served at reception, to check out for example, took ages. That guests need to pay in the morning should not come as a surprise or be cause for panic. As for breakfast! Terrible value for money, in terms of quality and choice - it was like the Little Chef. Again the service was unspeakably bad. In future, can the Immigration and Passport Service deny work permits to people who ignore customers and never smile?",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Never stay here again at All AVOID please,Arrived at 6pm and was impressed by initial look. Receptionist was helpfull to start off with. There is NO onsite parking as advertised but a 10 min walk to the car park. The receptionist kept saying she was late to go home and had finished her shift. They asked weather I would like to preauthorise my card or pay upfront ( i preauthorised) I was then sent to there sister hotel Harcourt down the road which I was assured was the same standard as the Tophams. The room was small with no windows or wardrobe and also no bedside tables. I awoke at 6am to the smell of sewerage and looked outside the back door and there was a rat !!!! There was so many differences it was not the same.I complained to the reception and said that I wanted to have a better room for my money (£135 pn ) Im not…,Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1325-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great hotel,This hotel is in a great location. The rooms are small but well appointed and comfortable. Only downside is the lift and hallways are really hot and the DVD didn't work. But other than that the location is fabulous and in a quieter area of London - oh and BTW Ian Fleming lives just down the road.,Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Should be called Bottoms!,"We picked the hotel based on reviews and location to Victoria Station as we would be getting an early flight from Gatwick after the 2nd night. Thought we'd get better service from a ""5 star"" hotel but in hindsight we wish we'd stayed at an airport hotel and got the express into town each day.    On arrival our booking wasn't in the system which was annoying but eventually sorted. We had booked a King Bed room as my husband is v. tall but were given a small mews room in the basement.  We were not moved the next day as promised. Bathroom was very stark and a weird layout, almost like a corridor. On the 1st evening we had to collect water ourselves from reception as the room service person had gone home, unacceptable for the price.  On the 2nd day we came back to the room late at…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Is it possible to find a good hotel in London?,"If there is any reasonable priced hotel in London,with good location and good service at the same time,The Tophams Hotel Belgravia,is not the case! We choosed this Hotel,because of the location  near Victoria Station( we arrived at Gatwick airport with direct train to Victoria) and because they have one family suite ( just one) suitable for me,my husband and our 14 years old son. We want to stay together in the same room,not in two rooms. At arrival the lady at the reception ask me to pay all the stay in advance,so I payed even before I have seen the room!We went to the room,which was in two levels,with a double bedroom on the first floor and one twin upstairs.The room was fine until we notice that was impossible to sleep there! They put the air conditioning general right on the…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague,"I cant state how strongly I feel about this review. I have stayed in a fair few hotels in a fair few places. Highest on my list of desirables is service and honesty. Tophams failed miserably on both fronts. I will try to be brief with the litany of disasters that is Tophams.  I booked a ""KIng Double"" over three months in advance of my stay. On arrival I was given a tiny room with a bed which was double if that. The lift is unpredictable, warmer than a sauna and beyond slow. I have stayed in a number of rooms in London and understand that they are small, so don't think I have the wrong perspective. This was tiny. More importantly, the bed was tiny. I went to reception to be ignored for a while before I managed to convey my concern about the ""KIng"" bed. I was told that this was…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fabulous stylish/quirky hotel in great location,"Tophams is a real find.  I have never stayed in this area before and took a punt about the location and whether or not the hotel would actually look like the photos on it's website.  On both counts I couldn't have been more pleased. I have experienced real hit and miss experiences with London hotels in the past, many of which definitely don't match up to their published photos, so I was delighted as soon as I walked in the door of Tophams.   It has been renovated in a most stylish and artistic way using colours, fabrics and  interesting photography that really work and give the place a very chic and quirky elegance.  I think this hotel will appeal to those who are wanting to stay in a more contemporary and stylish environment.   My room (208) was quiet and roomy with a great…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1330-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",If it was all about looks...you don't get what you pay for,"I booked this hotel as part of a suprise birthday treat for my partner. We were going to the Apollo to see Wicked and this hotel is in the perfect location for it, being a couple of minutes from Victoria station/Apollo theatre and on a lovely quiet street.   When we arrived, we sat down at reception (which is just a desk in the middle of the hallway). One girl was busy chatting on the phone to whom I assume was a friend of hers, and another was standing around and didn't even manage a hello (apparently it was her first day). I had reserved a Deluxe King room for the occassion and had a sneaky suspicion things were not going to go as planned. I had even rung the hotel the night before to make sure everything was in order, to which I was told by the girl on the phone that she was…",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Possibly one of the most beautiful hotels I've stayed in with THE MOST incompetant staff i've ever encountered,"I booked a twin room and  I arrived at the hotel to find that there were no twin rooms available.  When I queried this, the staff looked blankly at me. They didn’t know what to do or how to deal with the problem and at first they made no attempts to problem solve.  I suggested that they put a single bed into one of the available double rooms and after a period of searching we were told, that they had a base but no mattress!?!?! Which reminded me of the Waldorf salad scene in Fawlty Towers.  I suggested they go to Argos and buy a bed. I said I would sleep on a fold up bed if necessary!!!  The staff replied that they had no authority to make such a purchase. So when, I asked for a manager, I was told that the manager left and he was not replaced. There was no sign of anybody…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",pretty hotel...but careful what you get,This hotel is pretty and recently renewed. Breakfast is good and service is average. I would just warn you if you are travelling by yourself that the single rooms are tiny (not just small) and that if you are very unlucky (like my colleague) you will end up in a tiny bedroom with no en suite bathroom. I had booked a double but on arrival I was told that there were none left and asked to go to a single room in exchange for free breakfast. The room was pleasant and the single bed large enough but I could not have stayed there longer than the one night. The shower is so small that only women or rather small men can actually shower in it. In conclusion book if if you can get a good deal...or travel in twos!,Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"Stayed her for one night last weekend for a trip to London to see Wicked. Booked it through lastminute.com as a top secret hotel and got a great deal-half the advertised rate on the hotel's website.   The location was perfect for us-literally two minutes to Victoria station, brilliant if you are flying into Gatwick, and only five minutes to the Apollo Victoria Theatre where Wicked is playing. The area is also quite upmarket, quiet and clean. We strolled up to Sloane Square and the Kings Road in about 10 mins or less on the Saturday and walked to Knghtsbridge on the Sunday in about 15 mins, all through lovely well kept streets and squares with parks and beautiful architecture.   The hotel itself is small. We had booked a twin room and but were given a double, which was not ideal…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible.,"I stayed at Tophams Hotel late last year, not long after it first opened. I was so looking forward to returning this year for the Wimbledon fortnight.  Just walking through the front door my heart sank to see the beautiful designer decor that I loved last year has been obliterated by some cheap Persian rugs.  The Reception staff while friendly, would obviously rather not be there, and I didn't recognise any staff at all from my previous stay (only 8 months previously), not a good sign.  My room was small, but nice. However, the air-conditioning didn't work, the shower tray was dirty and my internet access was broken. The lift was also flakey to say the least.  Later in the evening I was horrified to witness several people arriving later being transferred over to the 'sister…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1335-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Casual Elegance in Belgravia,"The Tophams Hotel on Ebury Street was a complete delight for the eight days of our stay in London. The decor is kitschy elegant, the atmosphere relaxed and subdued, and the rooms cozy and clean. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful around the clock, including servicing a snug, comfortable cocktail lounge at all hours. The Topsham offers a lovely breakfast, and the maid service was fastidious. The location is perfect in London's upscale Belgravia neighborhood, just two blocks walk from Victoria Station. Down the street is the Ebury Wine Bar, actually a lovely French restaurant with magnificent cuisine and a charming atmosphere. We also recommend the Belgravia Coffee Bar down the street for breakfast or lunch. The best pub in the neighborhood is the Plumber's Arms --…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great location and clean,"Tophams is located in Belgravia, very close-easy walking distance -  to the Victoria Station where you can access the buses, the underground, and trains. It was perfect for us since we flew into Gatwick and could get the Gatwick Express directly to Victoria. It is located on a quiet street and we were never disturbed at night. The double room was small but nicely decorated and clean with almost new fixtures and materials. If your AC doesn't come on, make sure you call the desk-they have to turn it on from their master system. We did not have breakfast there-it was too expensive, but there are many charming restaurants, cafes and pubs close by. Overall a very good experience and we would return.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Recommended.,"I stayed for two nights on business.  I got a bit lost trying to find the hotel from Victoria Station - a map is a good idea for the first visit.  On arrival I was greeted by name by the friendly receptionist.  There was some confusion over my booking but it was quickly resolved.  My room was small but nicely furnished and comfortable.  The bathroom again is nicely equipped but as small as it could be and still have room for a bath, loo and basin! I tried to order room service but got no answer from the kitchen; when I rang reception they said the chef had called in sick.  A shame as the menu looked nice.  Typical London room service prices.  Reception pointed me in the direction of a winebar that has a restaurant section, or I could have eaten in an Italian restaurant across…",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Gorgoeous Boutique Hotel, perfect location for Victoria Theatre","This place was just a gorgeous little town house.  We didn't eat here, had breakfast at  anearby cafe and ate out in the evening, but we stayed for a night while going to see Wicked.  The hotel was so close to the hotel, the train station and the coach station, and was really unique in a city full of big samey hotels.  The room was beautiful, stylish and romantic and perfect for our trip.",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Great location, excellent quality, and a safe bet!","I picked the Tophams after a good bit of research.  I feel the Tophams has gotten quite a lower ranking than it deserves due to some reviews that I believe unfairly excoriated the hotel for some (IMHO) pretty minor things.  The hotel couldn't be better located; it's a three-minute walk to Victoria station and the hotel is located along a very safe, clean, quiet street.  Yes, the rooms are small but for a 19th century building there's only so much you can do...it was just small enough to be ""cozy"" but not small enough to be a hassle.  Book the hotel with confidence--if you don't expect every hotel to be the Mandarin Oriental but like high-quality rooms with good fixtures at a good price, this hotel won't disappoint you!  And the location is unbeatable!",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1340-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Horrendous service - lost laundry, Internet down","I stayed for 4 nights in late April 2009. My dry cleaning was lost for 2 days, then found on the floor of the reception, and returned to me unwashed. The cleaning staff failed to do a thorough job in cleaning the room -- the bed would be neatly made, but somehow the coffee cups were not washed and the bathroom sink would be left dirty. The owner also happened to forget to pay for the Internet service, so the wireless network available in the rooms was not accessible for 24 hours.",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Nice Hotel, Bad Service!","Hotel is recently renovated and very cosy. We had a very bad experience as we arrived from the airport to find that they had overbooked our stay. The hotel staff relocated my wife & I to the Park Lane Mews, Mayfair for the first night (The sister hotel -  this hotel was rubbish, outdated and rude service staff) To make matters worse we only spent half of the next morning trying to find a taxi and relocate to the Tophams Hotel.  I must admit on arrival they did have our room ready, although this does not excuse the rudeness of overbooking or the rudeness of the staff at the sister hotel. I would not stay at this hotel again! nor would I recommend it to anyone. STAY AWAY!!!!!!",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Lush in London,"I stayed at the Tophams Hotel for a weekend London getaway by myself. This was my first time to visit London and I was unsure where to book accomodations. I always check Trip Advisor for recommendations and reviews. I chose this hotel based on location, price, and star rating. I thought the staff was extremely helpful. The hotel was close to all the major sites and Victoria station. The bed was comfortable, the room was nicely decorated, and the LCD flat panels come with DVD players that you can view movies from the reception desk. The rooms come with minifrigs and hot water pots.   As a side note, I highly recommend the show ""WICKED"" which plays at the Apollo Victoria theatre. This is 5 minute walk from the Topham. Also, if you ride the Underground, save your tickets. You will…",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Disappointed. Great location. Terrible service,"I stayed here in March 09 for 3 nights whilst attending a course nearby. While the location was great - a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station, the service i received was dreadful. I chose the hotel over some of the bigger chains as i wanted a more friendly intimate environment for change. Rooms are nicely decorated but VERY small. The hotel advertised complimentary soft drinks and snacks in the minibar. - a kit kat and 2 bottles of water between two of us. It advertised bathrobes- ""we have changed our linen company and we dont have them any more."" I ordered room service on the first night and got half the meal i orderered, we had no bath towels and were given only 2 hand towels. The worst part was the air conditioning was broken. the temperature in the room was 26 degres. i…",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Excellent location, excellent staff, almost perfect","I was in the Tophams during a business trip. The location is excellent, as is just 5 minutes walking from Victoria Station. It's located in a quiet and charming street. The staff is extremely kind and helpful. My room was small, but very well decorated. The bed was very comfortable. There was also a dvd player integrated on the tv, so I could take dvds for free from reception and watch them in the room. Without a doubt his hotel is an excellent choice, for business and for leisure. It will be for sure one of my first choices when I return to London.",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1345-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Great boutique style hotel with good location,This is lovely little boutique style hotel.  It has obviosly just been referbished because the whole place is spotless.  The staff were very welcoming and managed to get our room ready even though we arrived 2 hours early.   The location is great.  A smart road just round the corner from Victoria.  There are lovely little shops and bars close by.   The rooms are not huge but they are very well laid out.  It is excellent value for money give the standard of other hotels at the same cost in London.,Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",cool,"i stayed at this hotel in the time off the snow in london, i really enjoyed it. the room was a little cold to start with but soon heated up. the bed was very comfortable the bathroom was nice, the bath is good also. the room is a little small but they made very good use of their space.",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Ok...ish!,"If you like lifeless, clinical and cold hotels then this one is for you! Having had the pleasure of staying on a number of occasions prior to the refit I was some what dissapointed as the place looked a bit fake and business like! On the plus side it was great location and the staff were pleasant. However I would not agree with the review that said it was a 5 star hotel, if you want 5 stars in this area I can highly recommend Hotel 41 down the road!!! Hotel 41 is the kind of style that Topham's should have went for.",Date of stay: October 2008,3.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London","Perfect Location, discreet and friendly.","The hotel has just re-opened after a complete revamp. Everything is new, modern and very tasteful. The rooms have everything you would expect from this hotel, we did not see any official ratings but it is a definite 5 star. The concierge service was excellent and we used it often.  We can highly recommend Tophams and will definitely be back.",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Absolute Gem,"What a great find. We went to see Wicked, and decided on The Tophams, which we found by chance on the web. What a fantastic little hotel. The rooms are really nice, wonderfully decorated and everything you could possibly need, although not huge, they feel really nice, and you don't actually need anything bigger & fully air conditioned, the bathrooms are big with a seperate shower and bath, they even give you free soft drinks & sweets in the mini bar!! Although we were only 2 mins walk away from the bustle of london, you were not disturbed at all, I don't think I have ever had such a quiet hotel room. Everything was really top end: the service, the surroundings, the  rooms, all except the price, which was really reasonable for such a nice place.  The staff are really helpful, and…",Date of stay: July 2008,5.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209138-Reviews-or1350-The_Tophams_Hotel_Belgravia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Tophams Hotel Belgravia Reviews, London",Newly opened and unbeatable location!,"We stayed at Tophams 3 years ago just before it closed down for refurbishment, so were interested to see what had changed.  It's a completely different place! The rooms are furnished to an excellent standard, as is the rest of the hotel, we were told by reception that some of the top interior designers from London have worked on the project.  Additional touches, such as free wireless internet and complimetary mini-bars in the rooms add value for money.  We always loved it's central but quiet location, so it was also nice to see the area hasn't changed much in the last few years.  Of course the staff were as warm and friendly as ever.",Date of stay: July 2008,5.0
