,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or0-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Rude,"I called on Thursday to cancel and requested a compromise as I am unable to travel due to having to self-isolate as my husband has shown symptoms of COVID19 and my childrens school has closed. I understand that my booking was non-refundable but this is extreme and exceptional circumstances and every company is making compromises or amendments due to this. I had booked two other hotels for april and may which were also non-refundable but I have been given partial refunds and vouchers. I am stressed and worried as it is that when I explained and was given a flat no, I asked that a manager look into options for compromise. I was abruptly cut off and told I would be emailed and then hungup on. To say I am furious is an understatement. I have had no contact as promised. Sort this out. Keri…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or0-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Paper thin walls!,"I asked for a quite room as was put in the ground floor by the road. I went back and asked if there was a room available on the garden side. The staff moved me to lower groin. He didn’t tell me it was a twin (which was 30 pounds cheaper!) I was in a rush to get back to work so thanked him and left. When I came back to sleep I realised the mistake. I went back to see if I could swap back to a double room but was told no. The twin room was ok but due to walls being paper thin the people next door talked all night, not loudly but they might as well have been sat on the bed next to me. Poor design! Plus I said I was there for work and would be working late in the office and sleeping and going back and a quiet room. So after being kept awake until 2am I was next to the breakfast room so I was woke up at 6 with the door slamming! And then people walking in and out Such a shame as the rest of the hotel was fine and I stay near by once a week, i normally stay at a different one but was recommended this one. I won’t be going back!  I have to say though the room was clean and if you pay the twin costs (50) the price was good for the area but I paid 83 pounds and could have had a much better night sleep for that money else where. …",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or0-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Price + Location,"Maybe the quality of the place does not warrant a 5 star review in itself, but I think it would be unfair to look at this hotel without looking at the money for value.  Location is prime, it is clean and the staff war nice and helpful.  All in all a great strategic place to explore London and return for a good nights sleep.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or0-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ignore the Horror Stories...,"After reading reviews on here after I booked,I was to say very apprehensive as to what we may find...and to be honest I was pleasantly surprised, a clean tidy room, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer & TV and a clean bathroom with clean towels, what more do you want in a budget hotel that your just using as a base & somewhere to rest your head, only problem I found was our room was very warm, we couldn't open a window as we on ground floor next to street, there was a fan that helped though, can't comment on food as didnt have any, but a little CO OP supermarket at end of street,  pubs & eateries in walking distance, staff pleasant, if you want The Ritz it wont be for you,but if you want a bunk for a couple of days, within walking distance of Kings Cross you cant go wrong ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or0-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Shameful...,"I had to book a hotel last minute due to an appointment with my London specialist. I booked a double room for two with continental breakfasts. I informed Arriva of a medically restricted diet in the requirements section which I double checked on arrival. It was read out to me and confirmed as not a problem. However, I was later told by the manager (possibly the owner due to the way the staff shuffled around him uncomfortably) as he pretended to read my booking on the computer ""that they did not receive such a request"" told twice ""that they had received my money and there was little I could do about it"" and told they didn't deal with ""vegetarians"" but if I wanted, I could go to the supermarket, buy my breakfast and eat it at the hotel. I am willing to see it as an expensive lesson learnt...however, I am not willing to be lied to repeatedly, cheated and treated with such disdain. And nor should anyone else.…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or5-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Stole my money ,"I booked via booking.com and they took the entire amount from my account even though I requested payment on arrival. Are refusing to return my money even though booking for next month has now been cancelled. No apology, no compensation. Booking.com just as bad! ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or5-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended ,"Little bit puzzled by some of the poor reviews for this simple, modest, cheap hotel. It’s not The Hilton, but what do you expect?  Actually, it was just what I was looking for. Affordable, close to Kings Cross and the underground, comfy beds, hot shower, clean and cheerful. There was a fridge in the room, which I like, and tea and coffee stuff.   Only minor criticism was the heating, which was swelteringly hot despite it being a very mild night. But that was easily sorted by opening a window.  You can do loads worse in London. I will remember this place and stay again!",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or5-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not very bad ,"I stayed at arriva hôtel 6 night, my trip to London was amazing, but I really didn’t like the hotel, the location is nice, but very poor breakfast , bathroom was dirty, sorry but I can’t recommend it.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or5-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",An absolute disgrace - 0 stars!,"*Disclaimer- I NEVER complain and have stayed in many hostels better than this.  We arrived at this hotel at 11pm and were given the key to our room. The window was wide open and it was freezing. We later assumed it was to hide the smell. We found it to be filthy, a ‘hair’ the bed and sellotape keeping the light in the bathroom together. We asked to speak to the manager, Gaston, and were told he could offer us another room. My husband went to investigate and was met with the exact same awful surroundings. We paid £140 for one night. Granted it it only 2 stars but you expect it to be clean! We couldn’t bring ourselves to stay and at 11.50pm had to find other accommodation.   PLEASE do not stay. It’s an absolute hole!   I find it so hard to believe that booking.com still have this…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or5-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,"We make a booking with booking.com and after we cancel but they hold the money from my credit card even if was free cancellation!! By they way when I call today at 15:45 for ask explanation was a guy in reception poorly rude, told me exclamation like I don’t get the money from my ass, is not my problem, we don’t care ect. So I ask the contact of the manager, he answered by closing down the line ! Which kind of service is this? I won’t never stay in that place and I hope nobody will go !!! Receptionist name was like daston but probably wasn’t his real name",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or10-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel. Does not look like the pictures.,Recently stayed here with my partner and little girl aged 5years. The staff were friendly and polite however this is the only thing the hotel has going for them.   The hotel initially smelled of bleach when you first walk in however once you enter the main corridor to find your room there is an over powering smell of what I can only describe as “fusty” and “old” Mouldy carpets. It was making me feel sick.   Once inside our room it was very basic. The walls in the room were dirty and the furniture old and worn. The room felt like a box and so was the bathroom. Everything was dirty and could do with a wash down.   The photos that they have up in this hotel does not reflect the state of the rooms. It is clear to me that the photos have had filters on them to look good.   Breakfast…,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or10-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Find something else ,"Booked this hotel based on overall positive reviews, but this proved to be wrong unfortunately. The furniture is worn, poorly working shower (just a trickle) with only lukewarm water. Walls are paper thin and night owl neighbours made me have to use ear plugs and noise-cancelling headphones to try to get some sleep. Paid £100 a night but I see they have much lower rates at times so if saving money is your priority you may be able to put up with it. On the positive side breakfast is OK and the staff is very friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or10-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Awful - basically low grade student accommodation,"We stayed here in December before taking the Eurostar from St Pancras pearly the next day.   The rooms look nothing like many of the photos shown. They are tiny box rooms with paper thin walls, and barely enough room for two people to negotiate around each other. I appreciate you get what you pay for, and this was very cheap for London - but had the photos truly portrayed the true state of the rooms I would have happily paid a bit more for a much better room elsewhere.  We didn’t get any sleep at all as the whole place is so noisy and the walls are paper thin.  Despite the location and price, I would never recommend staying here. It was awful.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or10-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,"Hotel within walking distance from Kingscross station, with many restaurants nearby. Easy check in and friendly people at reception.  Room on the small side, but clean and comfortable beds.  There was also a kettle and tea, coffee and milk.  Not much choice for breakfast, except for cereal, yogurt, toast, ham and cheese.  The shower was not comfortable as it was fixed very high and without a handle so you could not control the water from hot to cold before entering the shower.  There was also an unpleasant smell in the bathroom which seemed like chlorine.  Maybe a hanger in the bathroom would have helped as well.  Small things which could make the visitor more comfortable.  But all in all it was a pleasant stay, if one does not pretend much.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or10-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Customer servies,"Calling you about a complate and the receptions refused to past me to a manager, Then refused to give me a contact email for the manager, staff is not helpful , not knowledgeable and pictures are not even close toggle reality , rooms are way too small for two, tv is close to the ceasing and u cannot watch it, bathroom is rediscutes and don’t ask me about the cleanness.by far worst hotel I ever been .",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or15-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor  experience,"Having read the various reviews good and bad, I thought that I would give this hotel a chance.  On arrival I was met by a very friendly guy on reception and we discussed the reviews as I said I’m ok so long as the room is clean.  I went to my room and on first impressions the room looked tired but seemed clean.  I unpacked my bags and then went to the bathroom where I saw a yellow puddle of water between the toilet and shower cubicle.   This looked disgusting so I went down and asked reception if they could send in a cleaner which they did very quickly.  Although I stayed overnight as I had no choice really as there was no cancellation option, I would have to say that I would never come back to this hotel.  How the pool of water was missed in the toilet by who ever looks after…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or15-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",No no one thousand no,"Great location and that is it , staff is not helpful , not knowledgeable and pictures are not even close toggle reality , rooms are way too small for two, tv is close to the ceasing and u cannot watch it, bathroom is rediscutes and don’t ask me about the cleanness.by far worst hotel I ever been .",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or15-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Does what you need for a decent price in central London,"This isn’t The Ritz but was perfectly adequate as a base for a night out in London for a friend’s 40th birthday. Rooms are warm, beds comfy, en suite does the job. I have paid double to get a fraction of the quality.  Check in was quick and staff were friendly. Less than a ton for a Saturday night! Bargain!",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or15-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money hotel in central London,"We stayed in Hotel Arriva for three nights. The room was clean, there was a satisfactory breakfast and most of all the location was great. Walking distance to King's cross and for travellers who walk, you can reach the center and a wide range of sights easily on foot. There is a number of supermarkets and some nice pubs nearby as well. The price was reasonable for the overall service.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or15-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Radio two festival ,Stayed at the arriva hotel for 2 nights it was a great base for travelling around the parts of London we needed.  Which we're Hyde park for the festival and other tourist attractions we wanted to see.  Continental breakfast which consisted of cereals toast etc. A 2 star hotel which was about right for the standard of the hotel,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or20-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money in this terrible hotel.,"My wife and me came on vacation on October 2019 to London for three days and reserving this place by internet because it was not to far from the inner center. We are very disappointed with this decision. The area is unsecure, we left the metro station around 6.00pm and walking to the hotel,We were exposed to an intent of assault and burglary by two man whom said they were police man and show us fake identification. When we arrived to the hotel the person in the front desk show us a posted advertising about this type deliquence around the area.   Moreover, the room are too small, there are not air condition, the shower drainage is clouded, they said the dressing bed can not be change until the 3rd day. In conclusion this hotel is alike a very bad hotel and the area is…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or20-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The most bad impression !!!,"My husband and me arrived today at London over bad weather, taking subway train to King Pancras station, when we are walking to the Arrive hotel near station we went to stopped for two men that said were covered police, that care surrounding zone from drugs and false money.Inmediately I think that is a false people whom threated my husband to show his money, just a few steps from Arrive hotel. Rapidly we in to thr hotel and explain the front desk the sucess and he show paper when they advice to the guess that is ussually ocurr.I am very very disagree with the situation and the ftont desk person suggest to us call the police ad soon if similar incident ocurr.After that, we arrived to the room reserved and found the 2nd surprise! It is a very poor hotel rom, bad maintained,…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or20-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",accomodation,The twin room and bathroom was so small it was impossible to move round easily.Only one plug in the room for two people.The room was so hot all night.The second night the lift was not working for two days and we were on the top floor.Breakfast we gave up on and had to eat at Pret a Manger.The room was i n the basement.76 bedrooms and the eating area was not the size of my kitchen diner.They were queing to be served.Many people gave up.If you managed to get in the food was so basic.One day the stairs were blocked because the cleaners p iled dirty sheets on them.Forget health and safety. No opologies when i complained.Only stay here if desperate!!!.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or20-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very old and uncomfortable,"We arrived hot and sweaty from the unusual higher temperatures in London the week. Check-in was easy as we booked through Expedia. We got the key and dragged our bags up to the 2nd floor. The key opened the door into a nice size room with a nice size bed. The curtains were drawn back and the bottom window was up. There was a sheer curtain there. There was no a/c. On the top shelf of the ”wardrobe” was a little retail fan that was not plugged in. This was our a/c. The bathroom was as we expected with a curved two-door shower and a good size shower head. This was my a/c. After a shower, I was cooler. The bed was very firm. We slept on top of the topper. There was a good space for hanging clothes, but no drawers. There were pigeon holes for the rest. A tiny built-in table held the…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or20-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The hotel has an impressive frontage which is not to be found in the interior. The room was on the small side, and the walls somewhat thin. The reception staff were competent and friendly. The cost was expensive especially as breakfast was an extra. This left a lot to be desired with only a small selection of food, which included processed cheese and ham. What the visitors from other countries though I do not know but it was not a good advertisement for this country.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or25-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing for the price,"The greatest compliment I can pay to this hotel is to say that it was adequate. We had a room (greatly in need of a good clean), four bare walls - a few pictures might have made it more homely – and a tiny television that didn’t show BBC 1 or BBC 4, the two stations we wanted to watch.  And there was a bed for three. I can think of at least two reasons why a couple might have wanted a bed for three, but neither of them applied to us. The main purpose this bed served was to over-fill the room, jammed up against the window at my side of the room. I am a man who likes a bedside table and indeed there was one, stuck in an alcove at the foot of the bed. What on earth was it doing there? I like to sit up in bed reading a book and enjoying a last cup of tea before sleep, For these…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or25-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Inexpensive but provided the basics fine,"This hotel is exactly as described.  It's inexpensive but has all you need if, like me, all you are doing is staying the night with busy days elsewhere.  It was very warm but the windows opened and their was a fan.  Basic breakfast but plentiful supplies of bread, salad, cheese and ham, tinned fruit, cereals, yogurts etc.  I checked in late without any problems and the staff on the front desk were helpful.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or25-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Could of been better if cleaned,"Has potential but there were cake crumbs from a previous guest on the side and edges of the room needed a jolly good vacuum. We were on the ground floor and was very noisy upstairs and outside. No aircon so very hot in summer. Staff friendly and beds comfy, bathroom clean but towels tiny and thin.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or25-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but not as bad as expected !,"Having read the reviews after booking (rookie mistake) I was really worried about the stay here ... but it wasn’t as bad as I’d been expecting. The rooms are small, basic and outdated - paint work needs to be refreshed and some of the furniture replaced, but the bed was comfy and the room / bathroom was clean. There is variation in the rooms (my friend had a mini fridge but I didn’t) and the curtains were the main issue - some rooms have thick, light blocking curtains but others don’t (i would suggest asking for the rooms that do!).  Also, as the building is older - the windows aren’t double glazed so ask for a room towards the back of the hotel for lower noise levels.  The breakfast was basic - bread (which was very fresh), ham, cheese, tomato, jam etc and cereals... if it…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or25-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I wanted a hotel close to King's Cross and that was relatively cheap and came across the Arriva. I booked it but I then read previous reviews and was worried but stood by my initial choice anyway.  I was pleasantly surprised at many things - friendly reception staff, a very clean and airy room, lots of toiletries provided and a good tea/coffee selection in the room. Previous reviews of the breakfast weren't great but I thoroughly enjoyed mine. Nice ham, cheese, tomatoes and cucumber, lots of cereals, a good selection of yogurts, nice thick bread and fairly decent coffee. I don't know what previous guests were complaining about!!   My only concern was that I was in the basement which had a ground floor window with easy access from outside (if someone chose to do so) so I was a…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or30-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Stuart Butcher,"Awful, horrible, dirty, cobwebs in rooms, tiny room, wobbly light fittings. Shocked at the price they charged.... I’m meant to be staying there tonight. Thought it was going to be more of personal boutique style hotel, not a student halls of residence.  The wife and I are probably going to get the last train back home.... don’t know who wrote the other positive reviews, (which I obviously fell for)... anyway please do not bother. Spend the money and go somewhere else...",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or30-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel in convenient location ,"Stayed for one night at the Arriva, found the staff friendly on arrival. We were given a quiet room at the back of the hotel and had no issues with noise etc.  The hotel is dated however our room was clean and the beds comfy. The room was hot however a fan was provided. Breakfast was basic but plentiful, toast cereal, cheese, ham etc. The location is great so close to kings cross, would happily stay again. For the price we paid I was very happy. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or30-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel Perfection!,"I booked a one-night stay in London at fairly short notice for myself and a friend. From the price, I wasn't expecting much - but what a delight! The hotel was fantastic! A nice big twin room with comfortable beds, brilliant toilet and shower facilities, great wi-fi, front desk staffed for 24 hours - it was absolutely perfect!  And yes, a brilliant location - two Tube-stops from the music venues and goth shops in Camden. This was just right for two Alternative travellers! In the morning, we both said that we really didn't want to leave - this will now be my go-to hotel in London.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or30-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"We usually stay in a 'chain'hotel but this time chose an independent for a change; big mistake! Not only was it about twice the price of a Premier Inn, for example, the room was tiny and to say that the building needed some TLC is like saying that the Pyramids need their plaster and grouting touching up a little. The gentlemen on the desk were friendly and the continental breakfast in the basement was welcome, but not at that price.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or30-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Only if you have to,"Tiny rooms with cheap construction and worn carpets.  You cannot control the temperature in your room.  There is no chain or peep hole on the door and no safe in the room.  You can have the desk clerk put your valuables in the hotel safe but they are not sealed in an envelope or a receipt given.  If someone else overheard what you put in the safe they could ask for it and the next clerk would have no idea he was giving away your valuables.  Breakfast is for two hours only and served in a too small room and laid out in an inefficient manner so you have to push and shove to get your food.  The hotel is in a good location to St Pancras and has a helpful friendly staff, but that is all it has going for it.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or35-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Value for money, excellent location, great service "," Value for money = excellent  Staff very helpful, service excellent  Location excellent,  Kings Cross station can take you anywhere, even direct to airport. Bus 17 just around the corner takes you to the London bridge area and back. We walked back from Big Ben and this took 50 mins, great way to experience London. Hotel breakfast very good, there are also lots of places nearby which do meals ,  pub meals and Indian restaurants and the train station cafes. Hotel has good free internet in room, the interior of building and rooms dated, rooms small which with two suitcases we left standing, otherwise you’re have to step over them. Beds comfortable and no issues with noise. Shower compact and no issues with water pressure or hot water. Fresh towels were supplied every day. Large…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or35-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",VERY NOISY  ROOM 5,"Myself and my granddaughter stayed in this hotel in room 5 and ;barely got 2 hours sleep all night. The room is in the basement and with the road virtually 6 foot  above our heads. the noise of the traffic, cars , motorbikes, vans, refuse collecting lorries and road cleaning water vehicles made sleeping almost impossible. The light from a street light directly outside added to the bad situation as there was no curtain on the window above an unused fire escape door. Our reason for being in London was  for  my granddaughter  to sit an all day entrance examination for college and having only 2 hours sleep certainly has not enhanced a successful outcome. I did complain to the reception staff who was very polite but merely said sorry! This room should NOT be used until serious and …",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or35-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely little place!,"With just a few hours overnight in London before our next connecting flight, Arriva Hotel was clean, comfortable and in a good area of the vast city. Rooms were ok for the price and the staff was extremely helpful and accommodating. If I had to do it again, I would probably opt for the same hotel. Thank you for making out stay as comfortable as possible.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or35-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing!,"Booked this hotel due to great location but really disappointed as although knew it would be basic due to being a 2 star,did not expect this standard in the heart of London. Neglected areas and in need of an update with decor, poor cleanliness standard and very tatty furniture which needs replacing. Shame as great, friendly staff on reception and great location but not worth the money.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or35-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ms,"Noisy and loud. The night staff were extremely unhelpful when many hotel guests, including me, complained that they were being kept awake by other noisy guests. The night staff confirmed that it is acceptable to have multiple people staying in a double room who are clearly bot registered to that room.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or40-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Too hot!,"Hotel itself was adequate for a cheap stay before our train from St Pancras. Room had two fairly comfy beds, tv, fridge and bathroom. However it was so hot in the room! Bed was right next to a boiling radiator, I would have been worried about a child sleeping in it in case they burnt themselves. Asked on reception if we could tune radiator down, I tried turning the controls but it made no difference. Luckily there was a fan which we had on all night but still made for a very uncomfortable night!",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or40-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for one night - cheap,"It's ok. I only stayed for one night, alone, as I had a job interview early the next day and needed somewhere cheap and close to the station to stay. Staff were friendly, they have a luggage room if you have got a while until leaving etc. Room was simple - TV was tiny but I didn't use it. Free wifi was a perk of the place. Towels were clean. Tea and coffee making facilities etc were welcomed in the morning and it was in a great location.   Only thing I found bad was that when I went into my hotel room, looked at the bathroom floor and saw a wad of thick black hair on the floor... so it clearly hadn't been cleaned properly. It was a bit gross.   Overall, I'd stay again if I really needed somewhere cheap in London to stay.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or40-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay.,Very convenient for Kings Cross station. Bed was quite firm but everybody has different needs. Get breakfast at the Wetherspoons at the station.....great value.  Good pub selling real ale around the corner. Would stay again when in London.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or40-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as some say,"Is it the ritz? no of course not. Was it cheap and clean? yes. We only stayed one night as we had to catch the eurostar the next morning. Its literally around the corner from the train station so very convenient. All the staff were friendly and approachable and checking in was straight-forward. The room was small but clean and had tea/coffee/kettle, tv, hairdryer and toiletries in the bathroom. It was warm and the bed was comfy enough. Breakfast was good. Continental, with a ham and cheese, fruit, yoghurt, toast and cereal on offer. This isn't a bad place to get your head down for a night, and for the money i'd stay again.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or40-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Do not use this hotel,"After a cancelled flight, my friend and I booked in for the night. The place was filthy, dust and dirt on the skirting and walls. There was a questionable receptionist who was not helpful at all. We couldn't bring ourselves to use the facilities and left very early in the morning. If I had booked this hotel for a holiday it would have been devastating.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or45-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very helpful staff,This is reasonable for the price paid. Close to tube stations and taxis were overpriced either. Room was ok. Would have preferred fresh ham and some kind of sponge cake if it is continental. Very few english guests though,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or45-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",BEDBUGS invasion!,"Worst experience ever! I paid £150 for 1 night (double room) and as soon as we turned off the lights to sleep, our beds got full of disgusting bedbugs! They were all over the sheets! After a very long complaint at the reception, they gave us another room, but bedbugs were already in our luggages and clothes, I even found them on the clothes I was wearing the day after.  As apology from the staff, I was just given a voucher for free breakfast.  AVOID THIS SLUM!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or45-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","A horrible, noisy, shoe box sized room ","We booked a 9 night stay based on their Booking.com photos and rating. Unfortunately, the room we were given was on the 3rd floor and was not one of the refurbished ones. Although the beds were comfortable, the room smelt musty, was very stuffy and the noise from the street destroyed any chance of a good nights sleep. The main part of the room is no more than 3.5m square, with another room containing the bath/shower, toilet and sink measuring no more than 2.5m x 1.5m leaving little if any room for a human body to move in. It's so tight you almost have to smear yourself in Vaseline just to ensure you can get in or out. There is much better and more luxurious accommodation for the same money just a few miles from this location and away from central London. The price they charge…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or45-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but clean hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights. Staff were friendly and helpful with us storing luggage before and after our stay. Room and bathroom are a very tight squeeze but clean and comfortable enough. We asked for a room with a fridge but didn't get one. Breakfast is a basic spread of bread, ham, cheese, tomatoes, yoghurt and tinned fruit. You're really paying for location - 5-10 minute walk from King's Cross station so easy to get around London.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or45-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",More like a dormitory than a hotel,"If you arrive before check-in time, store luggage at Arriva at your own risk!  When I returned to claim my luggage (and check in) my bags looked like they had been tossed across the room; one was upside down, one bag was open, contents on the floor under piles of dirty sheets & towels. My hotel room was small and VERY basic.  So small that the bed was wall-to-wall, where I had to crawl or walk across the bed to get to the window & bedside table. The entire room was very dusty - so much so, that I had to do some cleaning before I felt comfortable. The water kettle in my room was dirty inside and out.  I had to try to clean it out. Granted, I only saw one woman doing the cleaning of all the rooms; and she also was the sole person doing the entire breakfast preparation.  Give her a…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or50-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"After a 4 night stay at this hotel, the staff admitted they don't change the sheets everyday - they do it every 3 days. DISGUSTING.  However the I realised the richness that started after day 2 was as a result of BED BUGS! - BROKE OUT INTO A RASH THAT TAKES 2 WEEKS TO RESOLVE.  AVOID AT ALL COST",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or50-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled without notice,As it is. These guys cancelled my booking at booking.com without prior notice. Such a hassle.  YOU deserve no star at all.   Shame on you.   I'll never ever visit this hotel.   Answer if you got any.   ^ㅗ^  ㅡ-b,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or50-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",great location but very basic and shabby hotel,"My wife and I stayed there for 4 nights. While the hotel is close to train station, its décor is very dated and shabby. The room furniture is very old and bathroom is tiny. Towels provided are old and worn out. Breakfast was not bad but very basic with limited choice given the price was very affordable. The kettle provided for tea and coffee making was old and smelled like burning. Our room opened up on a busy road and was quite noisy in the morning and at night.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or50-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good location basic accommodation ,Stayed three nights on a lumpy bed in a small room. Very basic accommodation with a basic continental breakfast. Our room faced the road which was noisy all day and most of the night. Location is close to Kings cross / St Pancreas / Euston stations which we needed for the Eurostar and our trip to Liverpool. ,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or50-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from it,"I travelled to London for 3 nights and had booked the hotel on the internet. After a tiring trip I arrived at this hotel and felt totally trapped in a dirty, run down, suffocating 'room' in an equally terrible place with no common space to breathe...I tried to cancel the 2 other nights, they allowed me to cancel only the third. Below average breakfast in a terrible basement.  Very expensive too. It cost me 112 euros per night...For the third night I moved across the street for less money in a beautiful clean, trendy, friendly place ...From Hell to Heaven...",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or55-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Near Kings Cross station, basic quality","Small room, clean and compact. We used this as an overnight stop to ensure we were in London for an early morning train it was adequate, a clean bed but with little or no extra space or facilities. It would not be suitable for a longer stay.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or55-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the saving grace,"If you're staying one night, maybe heading for a train or a flight, or on the way home from a concert it's probably fine here.  I stayed over a weekend and found it quite disappointing. While the staff were fairly polite and pleasant, they were slow and not that effective.   The rooms were small and cramped, fine for the price in that sense, but sadly were out of date and lacked any attention to detail. Next to my bed were sockets that clearly hadn't been dusted in a long time.  My biggest concern was that you had to leave keys at reception whenever out of the hotel. Who does this anymore? Between this and the ""house rules"" it felt like staying at Fawlty Towers. Each time I arrived back at the hotel I asked for my room by number and was just given a key - not acceptable! Anyone…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or55-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location,"If you are a solo travellor and looking for a convenient place close to St Pancras station, this hotel is easily accessible and within walking distance. The staffs are friendly and helpful whenever you seek their assistance and advise. The breakfast is reasonsble for the nominal price you pay. Good for a short stay with basic facilities.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or55-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"A very convenient hotel, very affordable and great location within walking distance from St Pancras international Station. Room is comfortable, breakfast is reasonable.  Staff ver helpful and friendly. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or55-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A needed hotel for hospital,Room ok.Ideal for being oppisite the hospital our son was in.We were unable to shut the windows and the fire alarm went off both nights because people did not shut the bathroom door while having a shower.Breakfast was reasonable but very crowded and busy,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or60-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A Little Overpriced for A Basic Room,"I choose this place because I was leaving on a late train and basically needed a bed for the night that was not going to cost too much. I found this place last minute.   Pros: nice, friendly, easygoing staff. Check in and out was not strained and went smoothly. Accommodations were clean. The property was located far enough from tube/train station there is not a ton of foot traffic and close enough you can easily walk to it. About a 20 min walk to Camden Market. They let me leave my luggage for the day and it was 100% safe.   Cons: My room was next to the street and my stay was on a Saturday night. The noise was AWFUL!!! I had to leave my window open due to how stuffy my room was. There was no way around it. The walls are incredibly thin. I could hear the people next to me's…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or60-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Friendly Staff!,we stayed here for 5 nights on the tail end of our England trip to explore London..Excellent location - a bit cozy - but once you unpack everything and use the space in the room its quite doable.  We basically just slept there after exploring London during the day and early evening.  We walked down to the tube station every morning after eating at the Water Rat Pub for breakfast.  The Lucas Arms is also close and is a great pub - get the Sunday Roast!,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or60-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to London,"we visited London for a couple of days and see the sights , we used this hotel as a base and found it not up to gr standards we expect  but really only used it too sleep in . We had to ask for a change of room 2 times as the tap was broken , and  their was no fridge in antoher  room . Too be fair they moved us straight away to another room . I  did check a couple of other hotels in the area and will stay in them next time when i visit next ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or60-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent staff. Poor Hotel,The room gets very very hot. The hotel supplied fans but the fans were covered in dust.   The staff however are excellent (especially the Spanish one at the desk) and did their best to accommodate all of our requests.   Location is great. Within 5 mins walk of kings cross station.   If you asked if I would come again. I would say yes but not in the summer. ,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or60-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Bit Rough,"Stayed in room 88, very hot at night due to the weather.  Only had a small fan and the window would only open 6"". Stainless steel sink jammed in corner of room over a fridge that had seen better days. Shower had mould all round base.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or65-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic ,"Like many others who have reviewed this hotel there is nothing to rave about. The hotel is basic, very basic. I don’t have a problem with this , our issues were the heat and lack of water in the shower. There is no way I would stay here if the weather was really hot, the room really was ridiculously hot and the window did little to help. The fan simply circulated the warm air. The shower was a dribble ! On the plus side it’s fairly cheap and the staff we’re very nice, it was clean enough and we didn’t find the noise bad at all. It’s proximity to Kings Cross is also helpful. We didn’t have breakfast , far too many nice places around the hotel to visit.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or65-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",It is somewhere to sleep,"Room very basic... Not very pleasant in terms of aesthetics but.... Bed clean and comfy, hot water and basic facilities that you need. Very very warm room though with only a loud fan to cool the room. Didn't try the continental breakfast. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or65-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Need a Base not to expensive for London.,"This is a fairly basic hotel with friendly desk staff who do their best to help. The room we stayed in was tired but clean and on the top floor, this isnt a problem as a lift means the stairs are not an issue. This is a very good base,  Euston Station is close by with good access to the underground network, very reasonable fares if using contactless card for anywhere in the Capital. The breakfast which is self service is continental not full English but, the Rat Pack public house which is close by does all day breakfasts is you need to top up. Camden is within walking distance and has a good range of eateries and entertainments available. We were out during the day and most of the evening so as a place to crash out it was really good. THE RATINGS SECTION ON THIS PAGE. ARE NOT…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or65-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel,"It s a comfortable hotel in the central of King s cross, 5 mins walk to King s cross underground and St Pancraz Station. Good simple continental b/fast. Very friendly staff especially at the reception, Johnny and the spanish guy(dont know his name) the only bad things are that if you re travelling in summer it has no A/C and there s no water pressure in the bathroom, The rooms a bit small, but I didnt mind, most of the time is spent outside, Inside  only to shower and sleep. For it s price it s good. Had a lovely stay, thank you",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or65-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and good location,"Stayed for one night this weekend, budget hotel so you know what to expect. Room was clean and everything was replenished ie, tea/coffee making facilities.  Staff were very friendly and helpful and baggage store is a secure and ideal place to leave bags prior to check in if arriving early.  Rooms were quite hot but fans were supplied. Showers are not very powerful at all (prob more water standing under a toy watering can) but again, we didn’t expect the world so was pleasantly surprised. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or70-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",too bad to be true,I know London is expensive but I would not stay here again if it was free. we arrived late after travelling from Spain and if we had not been that tired we would have walked out. the bedroom window was held open with a water bottle. the shower area was very small and dirty. the breakfast area an absolute disgrace. not  big enough get between tables that had not been cleared or cleaned. we could not get out of the place quick enough to go and have breakfast on Kings Cross and wait for our train home. prior to our outbound trip to Spain we stayed in Royal Scot Travelodge for £40 cheaper,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or70-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Simple accommodation but reasonable price for excellent location,"Hotels in this part of London are very expensive and the Arriva offers a place to stay at a comparatively reasonable price.  Yes, it's fairly basic and the rooms are not exactly spacious but ours was clean with sufficient storage, comfortable beds and OK lighting. It was quiet and cool (and a fan was provided for hotter weather) and we particularly appreciated the fridge and the opening window. The staff were exceptionally friendly, helpful and good-humoured and went out of their way to make sure we felt welcome. However, the hotel would benefit from a bit more attention to minor defects - these are not really excusable.   We are looking forward to another stay in the Autumn and I think some of the more negative reviewers must have been very unlucky.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or70-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The worst by far..no excuse,"This establishment is a sorry excuse for a hotel. The receptionist has attitude, there's no effort in the decor. And on arrival, late at night that's depressing. Then the room. Small, dismal, on the noisy street. The bed is.. There's one supermarket bought picture, but other than that no effort has been even attempted to make a less rich guest who has little choice but to stay here, more welcome for the stay. There are scuff marks everywhere more or less. My husband said it reminded him of some dingy hotels in equatorial Africa. The internet is appalling and goes weak every 10minutes.  Don't stay here unless you don't care. I think I'll try harder to find something better for £85. There must be something better.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or70-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Hard Beds,Bed was so hard and pillow so soft it was almost non-existent just like my sleep. Breakfast was cheapest of ingredients and could not eat any of it. Even though this was just an overnight stay on way to somewhere else I definitely would not use it again.,Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or70-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","More hostel than hotel,",Book this one in the usual way looking at prices on star ratings for the area. It was only a two star so I wasn’t expecting much and it lived up to expectations. The room was so small and have twin beds but very little space to move around. The sliding wooden door on the bathroom area screeched as you opened it. The general cleanliness was just OK  but only just. It was quite entertaining to watch the German coach party struggling to operate the low-quality toasters in the breakfast room. Breakfast with old rice crispy‘s or Cornflakes toast Spamm cheese and some butter and jam. Area cleared away before people had finished eating. Really dont Go there unless you are desperate. Also difficult to get back in after about 1030 as it is difficult to attract anybody’s attention on the…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or75-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",It was the worse hotel in London I have ever stayed!!,"I arrived at 13.10hrs and the receptionist didn't even great me, he dryly said the check in time is at 14hrs! the room was so tiny, I would hit myself to the bed to be able to open the window. the room was dirty with mushrooms round the shower receiver, Everyone at the breakfast room was shocked how dirty and disorganized the place was. you don't want to be alone in that area at night, very strange area with strange people. They have poor WI FI and there was no telephone in the room, when they changed the room they said well the connection is not working! they really couldn't care less about any thing, As I wanted to check out right away they said the money wasn't refundable! keep away from this place. Its a youth hostel with the price of a 2STARS not at all worth it.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or75-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and basic,"Looking for something clean, reasonable and basic we couldn’t really complain. Pros- location to major railway stations, variety of eating options nearby, good local pubs and shops for everyday supplies. Good WiFi connection , complimentary breakfast  Cons- extremely warm (as most hotel rooms are) very small room and bathroom . Very small breakfast room, in four mornings we never found a seat but there was no problem in taking breakfast up to our room. We felt happy leaving our luggage in the secure courtesy room until our train departure.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or75-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful!,"Two friends and I stayed here on the 14th April for one night. Although it was fairly cheap, we felt we paid well over what the room was worth. We were in the basement with a view of a scabby alleyway filled with cigarette butts (this was lit up at night by a bright neon blue light that illuminated our room). The single bed was propped up against a door that had a draught coming from the street through it, and there was a miscellaneous red stain next to the double bed. We could’ve gotten over all of this if it wasn’t for the last little surprise that was in store. Our ceiling started dripping water at about 10pm and didn’t stop dripping all night. We had to get a bin from reception to put underneath it and by the next morning we had a fair amount collected in it. When we checked…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or75-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, BUDGET hotel with friendly helpful staff.","My daughter and I travelled to London to spend time with friends having treatment in Great Ormond Street. The Arriva Hotel was the best priced hotel in the area we wanted. We had a twin room on the third floor facing the road. Although there was road noise, to be expected when staying in an urban area, it wasn't unbearable. We commented throughout the stay on the quietness within the hotel. The room was a twin and was plenty large enough for the two of us, the facilities were excellent, including a fridge, kettle, hairdryer, dresser with large mirror a small chest of drawers beside each bed and shelves and hanging space for clothes. Our friends who were staying in a local Travelodge, commented that we had more in our room than they did. The ensuite shower was clean and contained…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or75-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and ok,"The hotel was clean and in a great location, close to Kings Cross and Euston and it feels safe. But the shower was rubbish pressure and water sprayed everywhere. The breakfast was simple but there's hardly space to sit so we took ours to our room. Overall it was cheap, central and clean so just what we wanted but if you're picky I wouldn't recommend it. ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or80-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Tarantino-esque hostel,"The location was really good but the room had a Cold War era dampness and depressive box like quality. If you did manage to sleep in a room close to an A road and with no air con, you might be lucky enough to have your own swimming pool in the corner of your room(carpet was unusually wet). If you stayed the whole night then in the morning you could be treated to a breakfast room that is straight out of a Tarantino soviet movie, somehow for a hotel that has 60+ rooms they only have 6 tables and you feel as though you are in some kind of ration queue. Otherwise great hotel 😂",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or80-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",You Deserve Better,"Pros: - close to Kings Cross for travel  Cons: - broken single-glazed window so you hear incredibly loud traffic and partying all night - no air con and a radiator that stays on which means the room is always ridiculously hot - very poor soundproofing to the corridors and other rooms - toilet had to be flushed three times before it actually flushed - toilet sewage smell - WiFi continually cuts out - not very clean in any respects, including dust and grime - breakfast room is simply not big enough for the amount of people staying so you end up bumping into other people or having to wait and queue outside - assured by the mysterious “manager” before my stay that I had a third floor room booked, then upon arrival informed by the receptionist I had a basement room and there was…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or80-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we were looking for,"The Arriva Hotel is ideal for what we were looking for our two night stay in London. It is a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross Station, which is great if you're using the train or tube. The staff are friendly, and the rooms are clean. After seeing some of the reviews on TripAdvisor we were a little unsure about staying here, but we are glad we did. We had a TV, fridge, hairdryer and complimentary soap/shampoo. The only downside was that the rooms were very warm and we didn't want to leave the window open being on the ground floor. Would come again and recommend it to others. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or80-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good cost benefit,"Well located nearby King's Cross/St Pancras stations with restaurants, pubs, stores and exchange houses at walking distance. Rooms are small but clean and comfortable. Breakfast room may get crowded so I suggest you don't leave it for the last minute. Night shift receptionist Adrian was wonderful, very friendly, helpful and kind at all times.Wifi signal was not very good inside the room (#3).",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or80-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Better than we expected ,"We spend 4 nights at the hotel and we really liked it. It was very close to Kings Cross station, bus stations and many shops. The reception was very friendly. The room was warm and comfortable. Sometimes the wifi didn't work and the breakfast was Okey but there the staff were less friendly. I would come back to this hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or85-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",May as well be a hostel,"I’d recommend you contact your phone company beforehand and asking for more internet data, because the WiFi here doesn’t work at all. The locations alright though - if you’re wanting to order a deliveroo; plenty of good stuff on there, sadly that doesn’t outweigh the fact there is no air con in any of the rooms and all of the beds are extremely uncomfortable. We were on the ground floor but bravely made the life threatening decision to keep the window open at night - not that I would of minded if anyone came and took me though, probably would have been a lucky escape. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or85-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","If you want to sleep, do not choose this hotel on the week-end","The room was fair, the position of the hotel is great, the breakfast was ok, but the big issue I had to face at Arriva hotel is that your sleeping is not protected. In the nearest room to mine, along Saturday night, people were shouting loudly and beating each other up, form 3 o'clock till the morning. In the room there was no telephone to call the receptionist. At 6 o' clock I had to dress me up to reach the reception from the 5th floor, exhausted by the behaviour of my neighbors.  The following morning, at check out time, I commented the fact  to the owner, who said said: ""You know, some people come to London for work, other just for having fun...""",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or85-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid at all times, DISGUSTING ",I cannot express more what a disgusting sh&!? whole this is!  Super unfriendly staff & DIRTY rooms!!!!  For the same price you can stay at a much better B&B!  Avoid at all times!!!!! The neighborhood is dangerous & they even found a dead body just 150 yards away.  I wouldnt EVER stay there again!,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or85-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Fantabulous location!,"The location is really great! Our room was rather small, still there was enough place for the two of us. The room was also quite warm. Quite nice that there is an elevator in the holel. There were mice swarming and squeaking behind a wooden panel which was fastened to the wall at the bedside. True, they never came into the room itself as they were isolated by this panel but still it was quite a specific experience... Besides, the hotel blocked the cost of the first night right after I had booked it though it was written that ""you pay all the sum at the hotel"".",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or85-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful hotel - stay elsewhere,"A basement room with cracks in the window, grubby carpet and tiny bathroom. There are many better options for a similar price in central London. The breakfast is dreadful as well. Find somewhere else. Reception would not change the room - as they said - we are full and dsomeone has to stay in the basement rooms - I have never asked for a room change in 30 years so this was a first - have stayed in London many times but even as a backpacker I would not want to stay here.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or90-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"Stayed for five nights on a work training week. Luckily brought ear plugs. Was in a twin room, yes walls very thin. Havent stayed in London hotel for decades, so was great to know bed bugs cleared up from beds. Yes the ones you see decades ago annoying. Good fridge. Kettle dryer, excellent. Clean towels daily, excellent. Breakfast should be 7 and not 7.30. So rushed and crowded, wifi could be better especially when work give u internet work, so had to sit in cold reception. So a lounge or study, or even opening restaurant up to go at night be good. Receptionist is a workaholic and  hope he is valued.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or90-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Budget accomodation in Kings C,Staid 3 nights for business. Location convenient for most of London. Rooms clean and compact. I had a basement room with no fridge. Only noteworthy thong is that on check-in I was given a key to a room that was still occupied. Receptionist apologised and quickly gave me a new room; I kept the key to my room on my the entire time to avoid the same happening to me.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or90-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Well located, clean and comfortable - great for the price","I stay here regularly when in London for work. It's not a swanky place but the rooms have always been clean, warm, comfortable, the reception staff helpful and friendly (lent me a charger in the middle of the night, for example, little present of boxed biscuits when i checked out because I stayed a few night in a row). Shower room, TV, fridge, hairdryer and kettle - far more than you get in nearby hotels for the same price. I'm now a regular!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or90-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and shabby but a good base,"We booked here as it was a good price for its location near Kings Cross St Pancras. The decor in the corridors is clean and looked newly done. Our room was very small and basic, which was fine as a base - the bed linen was clean and fresh, bed was comfy and everything was clean, if a little shabby and tired. The bathroom was very small but adequate. There was a kettle and hot drink stuff, a hair dryer and soap, shampoo and conditioner. Wifi was free but very slow. We didn’t have breakfast so can’t comment on that. If you’re after a central, cheapish, frills-free base for exploring London this would do fine, but if you like something a little more homey you’ll need to spend more or look further afield.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or90-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Choose somewhere else,"Positive - free luggage room, first receptionist helpful, late night receptionist gave us key but didn’t even explain where room was??   Negative - Tiny cramped room, springs poking through bed, won’t look at breakfast as hotel is below standard - usually book a major chain will stick with one of those in future. ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or95-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",London in another way!,"The hotel location is super! The hotel staff ia very nice and helpful. There is a luggage room for free! There is the USB charger for mobile phones in the room and you don't Need the adaptor. Breakfast is 3.50 pounds and you can choose bread, jam, butter, coffee, juice, tra, yougurt. Nothing really special, but the price is low, so it's ok. There is the bathroom in the room, very small and an hairdryer. The price ia too expensive for the hotel rooms. Very very small and not so comfortable for the price you pay. On the other hand, the hotel is 5 minutes walking from King's Cross station, so Easy to go everywhere. A special Word for the staff at the reception, very kind very helpful, very nice!!!",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or95-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Decent budget hotel,"Good points: Convenient to King's Cross station, easily walkable even if pulling a heavy bag, friendly & helpful staff, reception open 24 hours, lift, free wifi, coffee shop and supermarket close by as well as convenience store (off licence). The room was very quiet notwithstanding some moderate but not overly obtrusive noise during breakfast hours. (The hotel is on a side street with light traffic.) Empty mini fridge was supplied, as was an electric kettle with complementary coffee and tea.  Bad points: Most single rooms are in the basement, which I try to avoid. (I had requested an upper floor at the time I made the reservation.  ) Mine had no outside light (but the artificial lighting was good). Room was small but I've seen worse.There was no space available for a luggage…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or95-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, depressing, victorian decay","Nothing to like here unfortunately for Arriva. I couldn't cancel and when I arrived with my husband, my heart sank. We looked at the room and settled down to a terrible night and as my hubby needs really good wifi to work at 5am we were horrified to see that the WiFi cuts off intermittently!!!! Needless to say, he found elsewhere to go. I stayed as I had a very nearly start the next day.  The room is dismal, noisy, dusty, old, depressing and so small there's no air.The bed wasn't comfortable but was a bed. The one good-ish point: the tiny shower room. Looks new. But the basin was too small to even rinse your face in. This is a sorry excuse for a hotel and only those like me who couldn't cancel stay here. The breakfast room looked like a Soviet era mess room for submariners. …",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or95-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn’t stay agsin,"We booked this place for 1 night as needed to be at train station early next day. Rooms are tiny, very dated, need painting. Would not stay here again.  They do have tea making facilities in rooms and a hairdryer but nothing else. ",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or95-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location for Business Travelers,"It was my first time in London in business. I needed a confortable hotel nearby Kings Cross/ St Pancras Station to rest due to my delay time flight. When I arrived it looks perfect cause it was about 10 minutes walking from the station. People very nice, the concierge was spanish. When I made check in I was so tired that the room seemed very confortable.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or100-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Only one night, thankfully!","When we arrived the staff were polite but with limited English. Room was fairly cramped and sparcely furnished. Tea & coffee making facilities were on a plastic tray on top of a fridge at the bottom of my bed with no plug socket nearby. Bathroom was small and mouldy grout in the shower cubicle. Water did not clear during shower, hence standing in a puddle in the shower tray! Noisy street outside and floorboards above meaning we woke sooner than we wanted after a late night. Arrived for breakfast at 8.55 and there was nowhere to sit. Limited food availability and food supplies not replenished frequently enough due to lack of staff. Sat with stranger due to lack of available tables. 2 Cereals - one empty. Bread slices to toast, white or brown. Saw yogurts briefly which disappeared…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or100-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Wow,"Booked last minute as was tired from journey, Expected more for price, but guess its just where its based, rooms need touching up with some fresh paint, mirror wasnt clean didnt use shower as was abit grim, also no spare pillows so didn't really have a comfy night :( the male receptionist was polite tho :) ",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or100-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay ,The room was sparsely furnished due to the fact that there was only 8”-12” room around the bed. Very noisy during the night with other guests as walls are thin. Ok location for me but I wouldn’t stay again. Breakfast was continental. The staff were very pleasant and gave me extra pillows on request.,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or100-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, basic but nice ","We booked just the one night here as a last minute thing due to train cancellations. However, staff were lovely and informative on arrival, room was spacious, clean and had a nice warm feel to it. It's a basic hotel with a few improvements necessary, however overall it was a good night's stay, we would stay here again. Very close to nightlife, lots of restaurants to choose from nearby, with it being close to kings cross ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or100-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate if you need EUROSTAR - but improvements necessary,"So near King's Cross Station, and some very reasonably priced corner shops!  Not a lot of joy on the faces of Reception Staff. My room was perfectly clean, unlike some other reviewers' experience.  Three improvements needed immediately : 1)  Shower simple to use- but would be BURNING hot for a child- or an unwary user... temperature MUST be modified; 2) You should never, ever, run a Transport Hub Hotel with late Breakfast only. If you serve Transport, you MUST recognize some travellers need an earlier Breakfast before their journeys.  3)  Why not have uniform Pay-on-Exit?  That would allow genuinely unhappy customers to deduct whatever from the final Bill.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or105-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic 'Doss House' - An ordeal,"Small and dingy room, unable to switch off radiator on mild September night and couldn't open the window as at street level on main Swinton Street.  Shower room had cracked tiles and black mould on groutings.  Sheets and towels old and grey.  Moths fluttering about which I hope haven't come home with us.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or105-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",meeting up with friend,quick and efficient check in both guys on reception friendly and helpful five minutes walk from kings cross bus stops nearby room size o.k  room to move around very clean added benefit of fridge and free use of smartphone simple but more than adequate continental breakfast also complimetary luggage storage and finally great price for central london,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or105-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster hotel for high price,"My rate: 0 / 5  This was the worst hotel ever. I believe that London can offer much more for the same budget, but obviusly we picked one of the worst :(  - noisy, noisy, noisy - basement rooms - dirty covers (quilts) - uncomfortably bed - poor breakfast  I would not recommend to stay here.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or105-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy and disgusting,Booked for 2 nights left after 1 night never slept all night noisy street with buses constantly up and down. Room was tiny and dingy bed was uncomfartable and pillows old and cheap. Felt my skin crawl all night couldn't wait to leave. Room had no fire safety notices in room which is a legal requirement. Definitely cheap but not cheerful.,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or105-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",One night stopover for Eurostar.,"We booked Arriva as we were catching a Eurostar early the next morning. Upon reading reviews I was sceptical. But we had a brilliant time and the room was totally clean and what I had expected for the cheap price we payed. Staff were super friendly and it was within walking distance to St Pancras and Kings Cross. Didn't try the breakfast as we were out the next morning. I must say the only thing that got to me was the heat!! It was so warm without the windows open and traffic outside was so loud. However, I would stay again. Thank you :)",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or110-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby and noisy ,Stayed as it was convenient to the train station.   Room was on the main road with traffic noise all night. Buses ticking over outside and traffic and sirens.   Staff seemed unattentive and uninterested in engaging with you.   Shabby hotel with typical worn out decor.   Try other B&Bs in side streets nearby. ,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or110-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Health & Safety nightmare,"We arrived, was allocated our room and left immediately. The room was sparse, dirty amd full of flies. The manager refused a refund and was rude and abusive. Disgusting and reported to the environmental health team.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or110-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,This hotel was good for 1 or 2 night stay no  longer. It is situated 6 min walk from Kings Cross which is great. The area at night is a bit scary. The hotel was clean very basic the room was at the top it was very hot but they did supply a fan. There was tea and coffee making facilities in the room. The room was small ideal for 1 person but very cramped for 2. The bathroom was tiny but did its purpose a bit tatty round the edges.  It was only £60 as so good value especially in London. We paid extra for breakfast but don't bother its terrible a cuppa and toast cereal a choice of 2 and yogurt. Round the corner 2 min walk is a pub called The Water Rat it is perfect for breakfast.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or110-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear,Incredibly noisy and unbearably hot. The room was sparse and grotty and the door to the bathroom didn't work.  The only redeeming feature is its proximity to St Pancras It'l. But I didn't sleep a wink.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or110-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for short break,Was in a handy location for Kings Cross . Room was on top floor so very hot but given a fan when requested. Had all that was needed in a small space  Breakfast simple but as expected . Staff were happy to freeze our ice blocks .,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or115-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Stay in this hotel to attend a workshop nearby,"The location of the hotel is convenient as it is 7 minutes walk from the Kings Cross Station.   The room is ok as i feel hot in the summer.  This hotel has no air conditioned but given a fan.  The breakfast is simple with ham, bread and juice served ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or115-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect base camp for city exploration...,"Hotel is very close to Kings Cross Station which is good for transport links. We arrived early in the morning and the reception staff let us leave our backpacks behind the desk. They were very friendly and helpful and were happy for us to return any time after 2pm to check-in.  We checked in that evening.  Our twin room was on the 3rd floor. There was a small elevator.  The room was small with enough storage, 2 beds and a small dressing table area with a mirror.  The bathroom was small but also had everything needed.   Fresh towels were supplied daily and the room cleaned and tidied. The breakfast room was small but comfortable with plenty of basic foods and drinks to choose from.   Staff were all friendly and welcoming. The reception staff gave us a wee gift box (with snacks…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or115-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",This Place does not deserve their stars,The only great thing about this hotel was the location. The reception staff was friendly and quick. The corridor stank and the room was super hot so we had to sleep with the windows open. Also my skin felt itchy the morning before. The pillows were huge and hard. The noise from the street could be perfectly heard. But the worst thing that decided me to write this was the breakfast. Ham and cheese looking scary on toast. You could tell all the cheapest in the supermarket. And only fruit but those peaches that have been conserved in water and sugar. Also jam. Poor choice. The breakfast room also had no space they were many people standing waiting. The staff there was not wearing proper aprons or something to keep their hair away. So still if the food did not want to make me puke I…,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or115-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Great ""little"" room","This was perfect for our first stay in London.  Close to the tube, nearby restaurants and pubs.  A grocery store to pick up water etc.  Very helpful staff, overall a great place.  Shower is a little on the small side, no road noise, clean, tv worked.  A good place to lay your head and sleep after a long day.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or115-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very central to Kings cross,"Booked this hotel to the fact its very central to the Kings cross station with better prices than most of others situated in the same area. THe rooms are bit small, but being in London means to travel and look at places not in the room. Service was nice and very helpful too especially when we had problems with the train. Very well served and recomended. THe only thing I will complain is the small space and limited choice of breakfast.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or120-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","“Do not book!!!! Beware!!!! Dirty rooms, urine on beds, cold showers! ”","Do not book!!!! Beware!!!! After entering the room, I was suddenly becoming itchy, the carpets were unclean, the bed had urine stains, the mattress had at least 20 years old and very uncomfortable, the shower was cold in the morning, the telephone to reception was not working (neither the wall mounted phone nor the handheld the leave at the room), the reception manager was rude and did not allow me to get a refund to go a different hotel. I am a seasoned traveller and I can say that this is the worse experience I ever had.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or120-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Staff 5 star, accommodation 4 star","Small but well-appointed room with double bed. My only criticism is that the reading light was situated on the wall halfway along the side of the bed, so that a dedicated night reader like me had to sit sideways on the bed leaning on the wall to read. They probably had had two singles in there previously, with the light between the beds.   But this is a very minor fault and more than made up for by the friendly help given to me by the staff after someone's suitcase had knocked me down a tube escalator. I was bruised and unable to walk far but needing to get to a concert, so the staff called a cab for me and when it didn't arrive on time, directed me to a place nearby where I could easily get one. The next day they printed out a map for me to take a bus to Waterloo.  The hotel…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or120-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting Kensington Palace to see the Late Princess Diana's dresses,"The location became insignificant when we entered the room, thank goodness it was for just 1 night. all aspects needed a good clean and by now should anyone have tried to close the curtains as I did they will have virtually shredded away .The stay deteriorated  the continental breakfast was not available although I asked for containers to be filled up nothing happened so it was toast and jam!!!! being served in a small cramped room in the basement .",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or120-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Small, cramped room with tired furniture, uncomfortable beds and pillows hard as stone. Everything feels dirty. Walls made of cardboard, you can hear every step above, flushing toilet and conversations of your neighbours. Unfriendly staff and a scary breakfast lady in a dark, crowded basement space supposed to be breakfast room serving a lukewarm brown liquid advertised as coffee.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or120-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great find near King's Cross Station ,"First time stayed here, chosen because it's a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross Station. Check in 2pm but got there 11am and was able to leave luggage. Staff very helpful with directions. Walked into town, went to Show, had meal, taxi back, checked in 7pm. room was basic but had everything I needed. Comfy bed so slept well. Continental breakfast only. Would stay again",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or125-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Location ,Good location 5 minutes walk to kings cross easy access to Oxford Street Marble Arch . Reception team very friendly. The room ... u could touch all four walls at the same time ! Very small room adequate for short stay only . Well breakfast !!!..... very crowded lots of queueing  and very basic but filled a hole . Member of staff needs to smile and assist guests it looked liked she had drawn the short straw for the bfast shift clearly did not want to be there ....  overall 2 nights ok but would not recommend  any more than that ....,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or125-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby hotel and poor facilities,"We needed somewhere local to Kings Cross station so I chose this hotel as it was a good location. However, the room was tiny, there was no shelf space for storing bathroom essentials so everything had to go in the wardrobe. I tried to refill a kettle but the sink wasn't big enough to fit the kettle so I thought I would refill a bottle of water. That wouldn't fit either. I had to use a small glass to do the job. There was a coating of dust on the 'refreshment' tray. Overall not the best experience. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or125-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Central and convenient for my needs,"Very close to King's Cross, St Pancras and Euston, this hotel is very convenient for Sadler's Wells, British Library, British Museum and a good location for walking around Camden etc. Clean room, a bit dark thanks to some light bulbs not working, and very noisy by the road, but comfortable nevertheless. Wifi is rather dodgy and breakfast monotonous and relatively unimaginative. The staff are friendly and the location made it ideal for me.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or125-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful - no complaints,"Stayed for 2 night for a business trip. Great location close to kings cross. Reception staff friendly. Room basic, but very clean. Bed comfy with clean mattress protector on, bathroom spotless with clean new towels. shower gel and shampoo provided and replaced on second day. breakfast only £3.50 for cereal, juice, toast, ham and cheese - so no complaints there. Co-op close by. Nothing flas, but definatley adequate, and greeted with a smile by staff - always a bonus!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or125-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever come across,"Appalling; dirty, shabby, broken furniture, unhygienic  bedding. Staff unwilling / unable to do anything about it.  Seriously, the worst experience and I recommend that anybody reading this should book a different hotel.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or130-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very Basic,"I booked this hotel as wanted to be near Camden but it was still 30 mins walk from Camden lock, I read reviews after I booked and felt worried but couldn't cancel without having to pay. I can't say it was awful or terrible as nothing awful happened but the rooms are as basic as you could get, white walls a bed and a shower, the pictures of rooms appear better than they are. We had this huge fridge in the corner of the room which looked like it was 30 years old, there were cracked tiles in bathroom floor and sink too small to fill kettle. The room was very small, no decor just white walls, 1 tiny picture over the bed that was swamped by the white wall, we had 1 pillow each which was as flat as a pancake so we had to ask for more which we got straight away. It has a hostel feeling…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or130-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",two night stay,only stayed one night dirty and cold mould in the room when i asked for a bigger room they replied you are in london not even a chair to sit on the shower was full of limescale  and dirty glad we took our own towels trying to get a refund didnt have breakfast incase the kitchen was as bad as the room,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or130-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Very noisy, not worth the price","We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. Both nights were extremely noisy and uncomfortable. Not only we heard people watching tv, showering or whatsoever; the fridge and heating were the ones which kept us from sleeping. It was like sleeping on an active building construction site.  Also the fridge was placed directly against the bed because of lack of space, which was very annoying since I hit the thing 10 times during the nights.  De breakfast was very simple; only toasted bread with cheddar cheese or meat. The rooms and breakfast were absolutely not worth the price at all. We did like the use of the phone however!  A total of 50 pounds/room/night should be the max for a double room with bathroom.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or130-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",No Frills ,"The main reason for choosing this hotel is it's location, I have stayed in the Kings Cross area several times travelling from Scotland and arriving at Kings X mainline. This is the best located hotel so far. It is 5 minutes walk from the station and quiet residential backstreets can be taken to vary your route. It is on a quiet street, but just around the corner from pubs and bars, restaurants and cafe for all tastes and pockets. There are mini markets and supermarkets nearby too. The rooms are dated and a wee bit tired but do the job, the bed was comfy the sheets and towels clean. Soap and shampoo were replaced daily also. Breakfast included toast cereal, cheese ham fruit and yogurt. There are tea coffee facilities in the room . I would recommend for a budget holiday for…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or130-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Appallingly bad,"This has got to be the worst hotel I have ever had the displeasure of staying in. The rooms were grubby and badly cleaned, extremely sub standard for the price charged. We booked 3 rooms, all of which were equally bad. I think the Photos attached speak for themselves.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or135-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Kind regards,"I was in this hotel for 10 days and nights.   Very good service.          Clean rooms and cozy.               Staff very sympathetic. Breakfast good enough, and diverse.  Located on a quiet street very near of the Kings Cross Saint Pancras Underground.  I would come back anytime!  :)",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or135-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Just unable to sleep,"I was aware this was a basic hotel but felt it was worth trying.  For the positive, the breakfast area was nicely decorated with London murals on the walls and the continental breakfast was reasonable.  I was given a small memento containing sweets which was a nice touch.  It was this act, location, along with breakfast that stopped me giving a lower score as I just couldn't sleep.  The pillows were like cardboard, the quilt looked very old, there was loud creaking from the upstairs bedroom until 2 in the morning and the toilet continued draining water.   There is no point saving money on a cheaper hotel if you are unable to sleep.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or135-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The worst place I've ever checked into (and thats saying something),"Worst Hotel I've ever been to... and I've stayed in some terrible places. 40 minutes to get checked in, as there was only 1 person working in the hotel. Checking in, our patience wasn't acknowledged, nor was there an apology for the long wait. Just a very rude receptionist who didn't want to be at work. We were given room 94 - when the creaky old elevator door opened on our floor we were hit with the smell of damp musty air. The corridor was long,tired and uninviting. But our room was next to the elevator, so no long walk... just the noise of the lift shaft & passing people to deal with. Opening the door to room 94 the smell got worse. A mix of damp, rot, human waste, and bodily fluids. The ultra-narrow doorway to the room lead to a tiny bathroom, a cheap bed, and sparsely…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or135-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but lovely!,"I booked this hotel after reading mixed reviews, so didn't really know what to expect. It is located about a five minute walk from Kings Cross Station, and you pass various shops and food vendors including Subway and Five Guys, there is also a CoOp at the top of the street. Our room was basic, but clean, so I was very satisfied with it, I wasn't expecting anything fancy. There were tea and coffee making facilities, bathroom, TV, and even a mobile phone loaded with maps and things to do which you could take out into London with you. The only issue I had with the room is that it was warm despite the heating not being on, but I wasn't overly bothered by this, also there is a lot of noise from cars, but this is the same in all the hotels I've stayed in in London.   The staff were…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or135-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Better than the published review score suggests,"Booked this hotel and then read the reviews and was worried, thankfully this was unfounded. The Hotel is an old building which could do with some updating, but given the price paid and the fantastically convenient location I would stay there again. The rooms are on the small side but who stays in their room, its a place to lay your head. The room was perfectly clean, the bathroom was spotless. The room was a bit warm although the radiator was off and we couldn't open the window but the day staff did that for us and so every thing was fine.  The breakfast room cannot accommodate all the guests at once so you may have to come back a little later, It was never an issue for us as people came and went quickly over the couple of hours that breakfast is served. It is continental style…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or140-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value hotel,A good value hotel within walking distance of kings cross . Friendly reception staff . Clean and comfortable rooms for price  .  Small buffet  breakfast was more than adequate. Will defiantly use again when travelling thro London,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or140-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected budget hotel,"For £54 / night including breakfast in London (after a previous bad experience at another hotel), we where not holding much hope. As it was for just an overnight stay, we where prepared to ""rough it"" and put up. The hotel is in walking distance from King's Cross station. We arrived around 1.30pm (check in was from 2pm) reception was pleasant stating that our room wasn't probably ready but gave us the room key and said we could leave our holdall in it. The room was waiting to be cleaned. On inspection the bedside cabinets, where dusty. As the cleaner was in a room a few doors down, we showed her the dust and she said that she would sort it. We left the hotel to do what we had planned. On our return the room was made up (clean bedding, towels) and dust removed. Breakfast…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or140-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and convenient hotel ,"Budget hotel near St Pancras Station . Room was clean and there was plenty of hot water . Handy internet device  in room too. Basic breakfast was available but it was too busy,  so we went to the the local pub down the road which served an excellent cooked breakfast  . Hotel is really close to the underground and a 20 minute walk to the West End . ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or140-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good price for a basic room ,"We were at Arriva Hotel just for one night,  the room was small but absolutely clean with all the necessary staff.  In the morning the breakfast (we had it include on the price) was amazing,  a kind of buffet with a lot of healthy choices.  We left the hotel so happy,  the only 'bad' thing that we find was he door for the bathroom can't close properly and it was quite embarrassing.  Thank you very much :-)",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or140-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Revolting,"The hotel Room was absolutely unlivable, it had not been cleaned.  There were curly black hairs on the pillows, dust in the corners. The curtains were ripped and there was a musty moldy smell in the room.  I travel often and I have never been so disgusted with a hotel room.  Upon asking the merchant for a refund they denied me, even though the room had not been cleaned and was unsuitable for anyone.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or145-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",No room to eat!,"Stayed here for a weekend recently. Reasonably priced for London but small, tired and in need of some basic maintenance. Friendly helpfull staff. The worse part was that the restaurant is too small for the number of guests. We true three times on the first morning before we could find a table to sit at, we gave up on the second morning, so ended up going out and buying breakfast. If you have the money it's probably wiser to pay for a better hotel. Cheapest isn't always the most ecenomic choise.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or145-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely bad!,"This hotel is extremely bad and should be avoided. Its good location is what tricked us into booking here, unfortunately the location is the only thing positive which can be said about this hotel.  The rooms have a serious heating problem. Even though the radiators are off, it still gets heated extremely due to heating pipes which go through the room. The result is that you have to sleep all night with the windows wide open, else you feel like you're sleeping in an oven. This a known problem; a lot of people have already complained about this in the past, looking at the other reviews.  On top of that, a staff member walked into our room without knocking.  Talking about a refund was not possible, the manager did not want to talk with us because apparently he doesn't work on…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or145-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Doesnt look like the photos,"They have the smallest tv that isnt even centred to the bed. But have a old sun bleached phone and a fancy mobile not sure the purpose... the bedding all needs chucked out. Its so old 1 pillow per guest and based on how flat they were i coulda done with 3. Saw 3 different check in/out staff, 2 very meh cba, 1 actually seemed not to be sick of his life. The room is lacking tlc and so you go in and feel dirty cause it looks awful. Didn't help when people keep going in and out the hallways with a screaming child. And if by some miracle i could have slept through that i certainly wouldn't have with the traffic going past the window not double glazed. Only reason i got any sleep is pure exhaustion from travelling back from North, Iceland. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone i…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or145-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,Hotel is 10 minute walk from St pancras/K Cross stations which is convenient for public transport to many places. Clean and comfortable room and continental breakfast was nice. Friendly staff and can say nothing negative about the stay.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or145-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,"Grotty, tiny and falling to bits. Wifi was hopeless. Walls paper thin. But hey it is 2 star, 90 quid a night and close to the Eurostar at St Pancras. You get what you pay for. More to spend on Eating Like Kings.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or150-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",No frills accommodation,Just the one night here. The location is fine. 400 yards to Kings Cross transport hub. If you are after a cheap no frills room with a half-decent bed and shower this is worth considering. If you are after a swish hotel with all the extras look elsewhere. I was just after a bed that  I could fall into after an all nighter in the West End and a shower for the afternoon. For this purpose it is fine. Area is not great but felt safe inside. I have downgraded this because our late check out time was not honoured and ended up with a knock on the door and being asked to leave. None too happy and left a bitter taste.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or150-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"The Arriva hotel is situated close to Kings Cross railway station but as for the hotel rooms you couldn't swing a cat & there is very little comfort to be had in the room, it is clean & tidy but very small & the shower heads need cleaning as Poor water flow. On arrival I was given room 9 but then the man on reception said he would move me to a better room & we got room 90, I am disturbed as to what room 9 would be like if room 90 was 1 of the better rooms. Small but comfortable with the least room I have ever encountered at breakfast with even less room to enjoy the adequate continental breakfast. Overall this to me was more like a hostel than a hotel. The staff were willing & helpful but overall this is a Poor Hotel to spend a weekend.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or150-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dennis & Lynn,"Cheap & cheerful, but staff were extremely friendly & helpful.Room was very small and quite basic but asked for extra pillows and iron and staff were more than happy to accommodate. Great location for links to both kings cross shops and central London ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or150-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Just dont! Simples!,"Stayed here to go to a gig nearby, this part of kings cross seemed a little rough around the edges to say the least and the hotel clearly fitted these surroundings well. Room was small, pokey and hotter than the surface of the sun inside. Toilet constantly dripped/failed to flush correctly, door handles were falling off, light fittings were fastened on in a rudimentary fashion... A D.I.Y nightmare! On a positive note the local pubs were of decent calibre.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or150-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean rooms good service convenient location,"Arriva is a 10 minutes good walk from King's Cross tube station. The rooms are spacious enough for the size of the hotel and cleaned regularly without much follow up. The best part is that the staff is cooperative with various needs of the guests. Travel plugs, wifi issues, bell desk etc. It has a couple of convenience stores and clubs around the corner for daily essentials / utilities. They could seriously add in a refrigerator in the room (mini bar) to complete the experience.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or155-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Familyroom,Great! Friendly people working there. Clean. Sober breakfast but good. We were really happy being there.  It was a pitty that it was too hot in the hotel.  And a bit noisy because of the traffic outside the hotel.  👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍  👌👌👌,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or155-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Not very good, paper thin walls and very hot room! ","Stayed here October of 2016 for a short weekend stay Friday to Sunday. Booked a double room for me and my girlfriend and it included 'breakfast'. By breakfast I mean a toaster , hot water tank for tea and a coffee tank. Yogurt, some cereal and fruit. No hot food at all, sitting area was very small and often I had to wait for a table.   The room was very small, dirty in some corners but nothing major only abit of dust. Bathroom is very small and had fracked and broken tiles in places, also to note the shower was very small but I did have hot water at all times of the day. The walls in the room seem to be made of tracing paper as we could hear everything that the surrounding rooms were doing , very annoying, I didn't get much sleep to be honest with the noise of other rooms and…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or155-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,"This hotel was in the a really perfect location for where I was spending a few days at work. It was clean enough, the reception staff was friendly. It's not brand new or modern but it works. Price was ok for London but that also means you can't have super luxury.  I got a really large room, shower had good water pressure. In short, everything I needed at an ok price. I'd go back.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or155-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic room,"In fact, this hotel is fine. Even though rooms are very small and old, they are clean and okay. Besides, location is really good and unbeatable. Consider price of this hotel, I will recommend to budget travelers.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or155-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not good,"It depends on what you need/want really, very hand location and I guess quite cheap for London but it's all very much run down, twin rooms have very small single beds, but in fairness I didn't have any problems while staying here and what I saw of the staff no issue there either. You get what you pay for.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or160-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A room,"Stayed here one night as close to St Pancrass and had a Eurostar in the morning.  You get a room, small room and small bathroom with cramped shower. This is really fitting you in as small a space as possible. Main problem is the noise, it seems everyone with a large motorbike without an exhaust has to give it the full beans as they pass the hotel.   ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or160-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","It's actually fine, basic, but clean and in a great location.","Like many others I imagine, we were a bit worried about the quality of this hotel after reading online reviews, but were actually pleasantly surprised when we got there. You absolutely cannot fault the location; it is a 3 minute walk to kings cross and there are plenty of cafés, restaurants and grocery stores in the vicinity. In terms of the rooms, they are basic, but they are clean. There is a handy smart phone if you want to call home. We asked for extra pillows and there was no problem. The rooms are small, but it's London. The walls are also very thin, so you can hear your neighbours, but again, if, like us, you are only using the room as a place to lay your head, then it's fine. It's great value, and if you were only staying for a couple of nights, I'd say book away.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or160-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"Good location...but very very basic, could really do with a Complete renovation. If you just want some where to lay your head for the night...and not fussed about a very basic hotel it would be ok, its also very hot and noisy.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or160-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good,it has an excellent location. for the price we payed it was a really decent hotel and we liked it. not far away from the station which could easily be reached by walk and lots of restaurants in the nearby. GOOD!! we will be back soon.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or160-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable place,"This hotel is near the Kings Cross Station on about 10mins walk. Initially we got a room on the first floor, double bed. But our booking was of twin bed. After discussing our booking with the receptionist we got our room on the ground floor which was a twin bed room. The hotel is a standard hotel. The room didn't have air conditioning or fans and it was hot in London when we were staying here. The window couldn't also provide with good ventilation. Other wise this is good option for staying under a reasonable budget.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or165-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Close to St Pancras,"Old style hotel but clean. Had a bit of a musty smell about it.... I think they need new carpets, but otherwise very clean. A few minutes walk to St Pancras International station. Staff very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or165-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Average stay but you get what you pay for,"For the money you spend on a room i wasn't expecting the ritz. It was a place to sleep after a night out and it worked for that purpose. the room did smell like moth balls, and the bathroom smelt even worse. The heat in the room was so hot we had to have the windows open the whole time, which was super noisy.. but after a long day and night it was a bed to sleep in",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or165-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointed, would not recommend it!","We chose the Arriva Hotel as it is near Kings Cross and the reviews were mostly positive.  We had a twin room which was extremely small and basic which is what we expected from the reviews and it was ready for us on our arrival.  The room was dirty, there was grit/soil on the carpet which was only evident (due to the colour and stains on the carpet) when you stepped on it in bare feet! Our room was hot and stuffy even with the window open, the fan did not work! The main light didn't work either. The en suite facilities were shoddy and dirty. It was difficult to manoeuvre the door due to the small size of the shower room. Towels were provided and these were stained and well worn. The bedroom had a carpet gripper near to the wardrobe area which was raised and painful to step on in…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or165-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean quiet room,"Booked this hotel for a weekend get away room 32 is on the ground floor at the back of the hotel it was quiet, clean and the bathroom was modern its very close to kings cross and the underground and the night bus no 91 coming back from soho dropped us quite close to the hotel. Would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or165-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",If there's no other choice,"If you have no other choice than taking this hotel, then it's fine....but it is not very good. Firstly when you enter the hotel you are confronted with a step, so forget about wheelchair access, and a door that is awkward to open when you're dragging a suitcase, however it is a old property. Check in was ok, but asking me to leave the key to my room at reception on the way out is not something that I am prepared to do.  The room was pretty dated, the wall colour is not the best and the bed is passable. The room needed a good clean and a redecoration as there were scuff marks all along the skirting board. There was more of a set of shelves than a wardrobe. There is a desk in the room, but it is not very big. The bathroom was ok, but a very small low sink. One major issue with the…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or170-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","one night stay, wont be back.","Location near station is good. We had a double room ensuite, it was extremely small and dated.The bathroom was the same,very poor shower and grubby. Luggage room had no security,when we went back to collect our luggage ten hours later we just walked into the room and took our luggage, no questions asked and different staff member there, we could have taken anyones luggage. Definitely wont be back.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or170-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",City trip with friends,"good location,friendly staff and breakfast free. The hotel is very handy for taking the Eurostar in King's cross station. We had 3 days city trip and I would recommend to visit the British museum whih is very close to the hotel",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or170-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Inexpensive, clean, nice staff","I had a very comfortable couple of nights there coming through on my way back to the states from Edinburgh.  Booking.com had glitched on me and booked the room twice at a non-refundable rate, but the manager happily refunded the second booking.  The room was clean and comfortable - spartan but nicer than I expected for the price.  I found it a very good value, and the location was great.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or170-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight trip to London,"Very basic but clean hotel. We had the quadruple room so 4 of us stayed in centre of London for an affordable prices. Had no complaints, it's just not got the wow factor. Staff very friendly and helpful . We didn't have breakfast in hotel. Parking was easy to find.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or170-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,Great location as we were heading out on the Euro Star the next day however I would probably prefer to stay at the station than stay here again. We were placed in the basement and it felt like a dungeon. I doubt the room had been updated for over twenty years and it felt and looked dirty. Thankfully the local establishments close by were great and friendly allowing us not to use this place as our first impression of London.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or175-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very convenient for the station with everything you need,"This hotel is very handy for King's Cross/ St Pancras stations. Very friendly staff. Smallish rooms but separate bathroom and everything you need. Was very hot but used the fan provided and drew back the secondary double glazing window. Wasn't as noisy as I expected. Although no cooked breakfast, the items on offer were perfectly adequate and good value at £3.50.  All in all I've paid a lot more for a lot less at other London hotels.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or175-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic, pleasant staff but very hot and so many flies!","I booked this last minute as I had an early morning Eurostar to catch. Positives first, very close to Euston and St Pancras, so no taxi required. Very quick to check in and staff on reception pleasant. I was not expecting much, but the rooms very tired and basic, The room doors were very thin and did not feel very secure, glad I arrived so late and left so early as I would not have felt confident leaving my room and belongings unattended. The room on the top floor was roasting hot, the window was fully open and the room was full of flies. The curtain was very thin and the bed one of the most uncomfortable I have ever lay in (did not sleep) there were squashed flies all over the full sized fridge, which was not on and although there was tea and coffee I would not have wanted to…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or175-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely basic,"We stayed for 3 nights here, and thank goodness no longer...  The room was very very old and extremely warm with little circulation. The whole hotel is not air conditioned so there was no relief from the warm days out sightseeing. A small fan was in the room, and we had it on 24hrs but it had little effect. We opened the windows for some more air, however the road outside was so loud and we could not sleep. I only had 1 night decent sleep, i had to get up and sleep with a wet towel on my feet at one point.  The elevator was not working for the last 2 days of our stay which didnt help either.  Service was good from staff and housekeeping was basic but what we needed. The shower also had little to no pressure, so overall we werent too happy with the room at all.  The location…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or175-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Functional and good location,"Is typical of hotels in the area, functional pleasant staff, theres free wifi, towels bed and a shower  The rooms are clean if as you woukd expect at this level and in london, they are small  However the room was quiet so a good cheap place if you need to be in this area",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or175-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and functional,"Cheaper than many hotels in the area, and you get what you pay for. Our room was clean but small and being on the ground floor at the front, it was very noisy on a warm evening when we needed the windows open. et is actually fairly busy.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or180-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",As expected for 2* hotel,"The room was small but adequate. We've been in worse! The main problem for us was the heat, which necessitated the window being wide open all the time. This caused us a very sleepless night due to the constant traffic, aided by a loose manhole cover which clunked every time a vehicle went over it. The bed, however, was comfy enough and the room had a tv, tea/coffee making facilities and a fair enough sized bathroom. The shower was in need of a good scrub in the tray but the bathroom was otherwise clean and functional. Reception staff were friendly and helpful, getting extra pillows with no fuss and giving directions when asked. At £3.50 the breakfast was ok. Toast, fruit, cereal, meat and cheese with tea or coffee. The kitchen staff could be a bit more friendly and helpful…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or180-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",2** Quality Centrally Located,Pros Clean and serviced daily .Tea/Coffee facilities shampoo/soap supplied and clean towels daily.  Shower good. TV has english channels.Efficient and friendly reception Free WiFi and a great price when booking early. Continental breakfast available and fee for minding suitcases on departure day. Good location for Kings Cross and travel.  Cons: Room is compact. No foreign language stations on  TV. 2 Star hotel with a higher delivery of what you might expect,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or180-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not happy,"I don't know how guests fair on the other floors but they put us on the first floor, room 33, closest to reception and lift. It was tiny, run down, barely room to put belongings and stains on curtains I can't mention, but the bed is right against the curtains if you get my meaning. Worst if all, we just got in after a ten hour flight and at 3:30 am doors were slamming in the hallway, several times. The hinge springs are very tight so you have to prevent the door from slamming. These drunks didn't care. The neighborhood wasn't the best either. Saving grace to this hotel is its location three blocks away from King's Cross and the Underground. Not recommended. Not worth taking photos so no photos to share.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or180-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Average Joe, good location ","It's clean and close to King's Cross and St. Pancras which is super convenient. Rooms are small, but efficient, clean, and it's cheap. Windows don't have screens which is common in Europe. Breakfast isn't included but it's cheap and all you can eat yogurt, cereals, ham, cheese and breads, and coffee. Would recommend for backpackers in London or people who are planning to spend long days exploring the city and don't want to deal with a hostel. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or180-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel with terrible shower,"This is budget hotel in a decent location. This comes with obvious draw-backs but if you literally just want a bed and a bathroom, hotels around this price point can be a good option. Sadly, the shower in this hotel was very poor and the room was extremely dark, as a result, I will not stay there again. The room was the size you would expect and very basic. Better light bulbs cost nothing and a decent shower is a base level requirement.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or185-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, clean and centric ","We stayed in this hotel only for one night because we left next morning early from St pancreas. In the neighborhood you can find amazing and cheap food, and it is walking distance to kings cross. Also you can take buses to everywhere: soho, Victoria, Oxford circus. The room was very clean and staff very helpful. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or185-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",location location,"Staff were very friendly and helpful, super location only minutes from resturants, bars , starbucks and Kingcross station which brings you into Picaddily in minutes..also St Pancreas eurostar station was 6/7 minute walk away which was handy as we went to France straight after...ok down side...room was very basic. I do like to swing a cat 😐. Shower was small and 2 people sharing this size room can be a bit clostraphobic at times. that said it was clean and cheap so it gets my vote if your on a budget.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or185-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for Kings Cross,I stayed here for two nights. Very clean good beds and quiet location. Only downside you can't park outside but that's not the hotels fault. Definitely recommend. Handy for Kings Cross and sightseeing in London.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or185-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Booked this hotel as it was near Kings Cross and was best value for money in the local area.   The staff are very polite and helpful, not a bad hotel considering the price.   Only downfall is the very bad Internet connection. Only managed to connect to the Internet for 7minutes and continually get cut off.  The hotel room is cosy, modern tv, comfortable bed, the shower needs to improve as the water drips out rather than shower out.  Apart from that I would say it's not bad.  Kings Cross area especially near the station tends to be noisy so considering the other hotels in the local area I have stayed in, the room I stayed in managed to keep the noise now.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or185-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good price but very noisy,"I booked this last minute and only paid 46. However. I kept being woken by slamming doors so got little sleep. Really near Kings Cross and had a lift. Good for an emergency but not if you want sleep. Rather basic but clean, very convenient and courteous staff. You pay 2.50 for bag storage ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or190-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for price,"Stayed here on the Saturday night of the bank holiday weekend. Good central location for a night out in central London. Basic accommodation exactly what was expected for the price paid....room and bedding was nice and clean and slept like a log. Bonus, turned up at 1030 in the morning and was allowed to check straight in and get out on the town.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or190-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A rally good place in central London,"I stayed here some years ago and the place has not changed. Good, functional rooms clean bathroom, a fridge in the room which is great, and very, very friendly, helpful staff. The hotel is close to Kings Cross and close to the venue for my professional development course - I'm perfectly happy with this hotel and, if I have tomgo to London again on business, won't hesitate to book into the Arriva again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or190-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,The room was a disgrace and was well in need of a lick of paint. The toilet smelt of stale urine and the shower was in need of attention. There was only one bedside cabinet so no where to put my cup of tea,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or190-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dormitory hotel,"Used this hotel for a one night stopover and very pleased with my choice and the budget price. It is literally 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross station with 24 hour receptionist for access. The room was small with a double bed and a small shower room. It was clean, warm and quiet so I slept soundly. Don't expect too much for £72 but it is located perfectly and good enough for a single night stay.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or190-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Place,Its well worth the money. I agree with fellow travellers. You get what you pay for. The proximity to Kings Cross/St Pancras is a definite plus. The wifi was not working while we were there (and we stayed three days) apparently due to a problem in one of thr routers on our floor.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or195-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",budget hotel close to Kings Cross,Budget hotel within walking distance of both Euston and Kings Cross / St Pancras. Booked a one night stay at short notice and was happy with the value for money (£50 for a double room) Room was a little cramped but as I really only used it to sleep in that wasn`t a problem. Decent size en-suite bathroom (although the shower wasn`t working at much more than a drizzle). Hotel was located on a very quiet side street so there was no late night noise. 24 hours front desk and staff were very helpful. Cheap continental breakfast available if required as was luggage storage at £2.50 a day.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or195-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little hotel,"Small hotel on a busy one way street a short walking distance from Kings Cross station. We had a basement room overlooking a sloping grass area. Nice big room , good beds, clean & newly redecorated I think. Breakfast super. Friendly & helpfull staff. If you walk past the hotel and on to Kings Cross rd  there are some good restaurants. From Kings Cross there're buses & trains I'll stay there again",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or195-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","You get what you pay for, not bad!","After spending one night in the hotel I was pleasantly surprised for the price I payed. Comfy bed, tele and a brew! Was only here on buisness so it was ideal in a central location however I wouldn't deem suitable for a family due to the small rooms. Clean and tidy room and bathroom. Staff at reception were welcoming, would visit again. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or195-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Ok room, Wi-Fi did not work","The room wasn't bad and the beds were comfy. The heating had one setting- blasting so we had to keep the window open. The TV was at an odd position and could not be adjusted so the picture was pretty bad. The bathroom was old and the plumbing rusty with holes in the wall and behind the toilet. The cold water would not completely turn off and dripped constantly. The shower varied from scalding hot to rather cool. The wi-fi stopped working on the second night and although I told the attendants this every day, they never fixed it as promised. You could only connect if you left the room and ventured out into the hall.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or195-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Close to the tube, practic, different from photos. ","Hotel is on great location,has few minutes to Kings cross tube. Room is small,warm but clean,and diferent from the pictures.  Toilet is ok,water pressure is great and there was hot water all the time.  We payed 180€ /2nights. A bit expensive but considering its London we're talking about-its ok.  Free wifi and cable tv.  Its a great deal for students. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or200-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic!,"Personally £100 for 2 nights I found overpriced! Small bathroom, plug socket didn't work, noisy at night, smell of dampness in corridor, however it's ok to just sleep in, close to station, the decor was dated, if it was updated it would hav potential!",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or200-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"The hotel is on a very busy road, it has no air conditioning and even in February we had to have the windows open all night, I dread to think what it would be like in the middle of Summer.   The bed was OK I suppose, quite a small double bed by most peoples standards and not the most comfortable, the duvet had seen better days.  The decor is very shabby and looked quite scruffy. The shower was so caked up with limescale that it just dribbled out rather than spraying.   The light above the bed didn't work and we had to ask for extra pillows which they struggled to find for us.  On the plus side - The price was OK and the location fairly close to Kings Cross.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or200-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, sleep quality let it down",Room was spacious and bathroom was lovely however the pillows were paper thin and affected our sleep considerably! Tv was good and although room was facing the road it was not too busy  Overall a good hotel and we would stop again,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or200-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",You get a little bit more then you pay for,"We (3 freinds) staied at arriva hotel for 4 nights (336£). The room is small and basic, it was one double bed and one single with not to mixh room to move. The shower was ok but with weak water pressure. The room pretty clean but not new, with some maintenance problems.  The best part is the location. 5 minuts walk from national rail and king's cross underground. So you can go anywhere in London  and to any airport in London whenever you want.  Would stay agean with a friend if I need a bed in london.  But not with my wife. ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or200-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,Excellent location within a few minutes walk across the road of Kings Cross station. My room was warm and quiet. Got a double room for myself at a reasonable price. Reception were helpful and friendly especially when I asked about leaving my case; the cost is 2.50 but as I told the staff that I was only leaving it for 2 hours I didn't get charged.. Tea making facilities included in the price.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or205-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good convenient spot.,"This hotel is a short walk from King's Cross/St. Pancras Station, taking approximately ten minutes and is easy to find. Every member of the reception staff we encountered, were excellent, very helpful and professional. Our room was a bit larger than you find in other hotels in this area and had a small en suite bathroom. Tea and coffee making facilities were available in the room. We stayed for one night as we had an early morning train to catch and it was good for our needs and was a lower than average price, we found. We could not fault it for the requirements we had. Another good point.....it had a lift, so no struggling with heavy suitcases!",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or205-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay in London,"Was coming home from Man UTD away (Chelsea fan) and after having a few drinks needed somewhere to stay the night. Place cost £48 for two people and was provided a nice little room. You get what you pay for, and I have to say I wasn't expecting it to be as nice as it was. Rooms were nice, and the beds were especially comfy with a good little shower. Only problem I found was the smell of smoke walking into the building as apparently it's a no smoking building but other than that was a good place to stay. Not far from Euston/Kings cross. Probably about 5min walk to KC",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or205-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for short stay,"The room we had was clean and almost dust free and the beds were comfortable. The staff were very friendly and the general location is good. The rooms are basic but functional and cleaned every day. We had enough storage for our stay and tea and coffee was refilled every day. The down side is that the bathroom needed a good deep clean. The toilet was dirty and the tiles in the shower had grouting missing. Where it was present, it was clearly full of bacteria. Being at the budget end of the market you expect it not to be perfect but cleanliness is a must!",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or205-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Fab location,"Could not fault location. Cheap and cheerful with 24 hour security. Room big enough for 2 of us. Plenty hot water. Quiet. We were not in a corridor room though which maybe helped. Continental breakfast on offer for £3.50, great value. Would go back. ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or205-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Friends weekend visit to London,"The hotel was adequate for our needs, although the rooms were small they were clean and served our purpose. The continental breakfast was good, with plenty of choice and the room was clean and service good. One draw back was the absence of a lounge or bar area, which meant going out again if we needed a meal or a drink. This in no way deterred us and we would use the hotel again when the occasion arose. All in all, we enjoyed our stay and the shows etc.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or210-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Bother,"I won't be booking this hotel again.  Very low grade accommodation and although it is very much at the budget end for London hotel accommodation it is still too expensive for what you get.  Rooms are ultra basic, beds are uncomfortable, and overall it needs some serious money spending on it.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or210-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Surpise!,Booked this hotel via the internet as good location to St Pancras and not having seen it was not expecting much for the price BUT what a lovely surprise!  On arrival we were greeted by a friendly gentleman who offered us the choice of two twin bedded rooms (one on the ground floor or one in basement) but were advised the basement would be quieter so chose that option. The room was small but adequate and extremely cosy (also had a fridge!) The bed linen was beautifully clean and smelt lovely. The staff were extremely helpful and informative and made myself and daughter feel most welcome. As a well travelled lady I feel the negative reviews regarding this hotel are totally unfair - you get what you pay for and this hotel totally exceeded expectations.  We will certainly be paying…,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or210-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,Spent 3 nights here most of the reviews are true. Think you may get better rooms if you pay more we got are room cheap so I got what I paid for. Room basic and bathroom but kept clean bed was comfortable we booked this hotel as it came online the cheapest and yes I would book again ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or210-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very Basic!,"Stayed here for one night and was not impressed on arrival. Very basic room, basic cupboard that was old and worn, tiny bathroom, small TV. Looks better on the outside. The windows were tired and not very functional and the bedroom walls were very thin, so could hear everything in the other rooms. Certainly not worth £70 for the night and would rather pay double for somewhere better in the area.  Only positives are the location as it's 5 mins from Kings Cross and the bed was comfortable so we had a good night's sleep.  Would I stay again? No  Would I recommend to a friend? No",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or210-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"We chose this hotel for the price and location so our expectations were not high. However what we did get was a Lovely clean room with all the facilities we required, and for an extra £3.50 a very satisfactory continental breakfast. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross train station so ideal for the tourist thing",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or215-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Okay Location - very poor establishment!,"About a 10 minute brisk walk to St Pancras (booked this hotel as I took my husband to Paris Wed 11-Fri 13 Nov) so being close to St Pancras was key. That's basically the only good point I'm going to make.  On arrival we saw the reception staff stood in the entrance door way smoking, didn't move out the way for us to get in, ended up squeezing past them. They then came in and got behind the counter checking us in.  Room very basic, more like a dorm than a room. Bed was literally wall to wall, small flat screen tv on the wall. The bathroom door hinge springs were so loud, every time I went for a wee the springs would all set off when I entered the bathroom.  Mattress on the bed gave me a bad back for my first day in Paris. So uncomfortable!  The walls where paper thin, could hear…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or215-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient, comfy even if basic","Booked this place in a panic as many other hotels were already booked up. I wasn't sure what to expect and my girlfriend thought we'd end up in a hole.  However...  We like the room, basic but comfy, the bed was very good, the bathroom was clean even if a little cramped but ideal due to location to Kings Cross and St Pancras as well as friendly, polite staff at the reception.   Only one thing: how do you turn the heating down? we tried the radiator but without success so we had to open the window whenever we were in the room.  Overall, I want to say thank you to the receptionists, you helped make our stay in London very pleasant after the shopping, sightseeing and walking. You did a great job, keep it up! :)",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or215-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed,"Yes this hotel is in quite a central location, but it is way overpriced for what you get!!  We Paid well over $1000 for 4 days here to stay in the basement and get a tiny room with no mini fridge, heating or cooling, cold rooms, thin walls so you can hear your neighbours every move, a toilet that doesnt flush properly, really bad bathroom not even cleaned properly. And if you dont leave the hotel at the right time you end up missing out on getting the room  made up. ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or215-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",More a dormitory than an hotel...,"The only good thing is that this hotel is close to St Pancras... ... However, it was expensive, tiny (rooms are just like in dormitories), not very clean and old. Last, but not least, people with long legs should avoid experiencing the bathroom.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or215-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriba Arriva,"I booked this hotel at late notice as needed a hotel near St Pancras to pick up the Eurostar the following morning.  I must admit after reading some of the reviews on trip advisor I was very worried about what I would find on checking in at the hotel.  I must say I do not know what people expect from something so reasonable.  On arriving at the Arriva, first impressions were not too good.  Lots of scaffolding outside did not make it seem to inviting.  On entering this small hotel I was taken aback by the cleanliness and friendly greeting that I received from the man behind reception.  Nothing was too much trouble.  The bedroom was not huge but it was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was OK.  The room and bathroom were spotless.  There was a fridge and sink in the corner of…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or220-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Small hotel near St Pancras,"The Arriva appears to be an old B & B to which tiny little bathrooms were added to the rooms.  The result is tiny bathrooms in already tiny rooms.  There is no A/C in the rooms, and they could use a good cleaning.  We got what we paid for with this least expensive hotel near St.Pancras.  Alright for one night, but not for any extended stay.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or220-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and central but run down,"Booked for mid-week business travel. Room and hallways very run down (ragged, marked carpet and scuffed peeling paint) and professional images are not realistic portrayal. But reception staff were friendly and helpful,  room and bathroom were clean, bed comfortable and room not unduly small. Street-facing room but did not find it to be noisy as other reviewers have suggested. Also did not find it to be overheated as others found (weather was early autumn, cool but not cold). Free wifi available and tea-making facilities and fridge in room were handy. No good if you need a space to work other than checking some emails. Very central location and close to King's Cross station. Really only suitable if you just need a place to shower and sleep. Anywhere other than London, the price…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or220-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal access to Kings Cross,"Well as expected  small room however we had a room at the back and could not hear the traffic noise the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was OK infact the shower cubicle was spacious with a good shower.We were pleased to have our own fridge .The staff were all very helpful  all do a good job ,room was clean. Ideal base for exploring London we were attending a friends wedding so did not spend much time at the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or220-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",if you must,Typical London shoebox.  Has a lift!!!! this is the sort of hotel that the jug does not fit under the tap to fill with water!!!  It is convenient to St Pancras International Railway station....you can do your washing nearby at the laundrette in Cromer st....which we recommend....pillows were stuffed in more ways than one....and the windows were unlockable and falling apart....otherwise quiet and safe.,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or220-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place,"Ideal little hotel for easy access to King Cross even though I booked a single room, it was a decent size with a big bed. Breakfast is available. I was on the street side but the noise was not an issue, plenty of tea and coffee. Lots of places close by to eat this was a pleasant stay and very good value for money.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or225-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant stress free stay can't wait to stay again.,Our family room had everything you could ask for and was very clean only down side was the heat in the corridors you felt faint it was so hot but that's only while walking to your room.  The area had lots of good local shops just round the corner and disabled parking right outside. Over all a great service definitely worth every penny for what you get. £3.50 for a lovely conternenl breakfast. Me and my friends will be using this hotel again in the future.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or225-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Never again ,"Although the staff were polite and friendly the hotel was rubbish to say the least. We booked a room for 3 myself, husband and 5 yr old, the room wasn't big enough to swing a cat they pushed two beds together to make a big bed (so the person in the middle fell down the gap). The bathroom was pathetic, the sink was dirty there was no hand soap, no where to put anything, was the size of a walk-in wardrobe. The room was damp and over looked a busy road so the traffic kept lil legs awake all night. If that wasn't enough to keep us awake the walls are like paper and we just so happened to have 3 drunk men put into the next room, all night they were shouting, swearing and banging the door when I told staff I was told ""Im sorry I dont think they will be quiet they're drunk"" why put…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or225-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Handy and Good Value,"We booked this room at the last minute (day before), and we're lucky to find somewhere on a bank holiday Friday.  The room was clean, bed comfortable (could have done with done with more or firmer pillows) and the bathroom was functional. We would recommend this hotel on the future and may well use it ourselves again.  It's really handy for Kings Cross and St Pancras ",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or225-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Everything you need!,"My friend and I were originally looking at hostel dorms but found a last minute deal for Arriva on a twin room that would cost us not much more. The location was great as I needed to be near Kings Cross.  On arrival we were greeted by a lovely man who promptly checked us into our room. He was also very helpful in booking our bus tour the next day.  The room was a comfortable size and the cleanliness of both the room and en suite was of a high standard.  There was a hairdryer, kettle and tea & coffee provided. The complimentary shampoo was a bonus as I'd forgotten to pack some :) I would happily stay here again and recommend it to others.  ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or225-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Over night stopover,"We had to be close to St Pancras station for an early start. The hotel is about 10 mins away.   We stayed in a family room which slept 4 in a double & 2 singles which was a reasonable size ,ok the bathroom was a little small but practical.   The only problem we had was that the road outside is busy and there is a fair bit of traffic noise.   ",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or230-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent central location,"The good point for this hotel is the central location. It is not a budget hotel because the price is relatively high. The beds are old and there is a lack of cleaniness. I had to complain about bed bugs, but I was told that this is not too seldom in London. After my complain the bedrooms were sprayed with insectizide. The staff is very friendly and the WiFi is good.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or230-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",very very poor,"were given room 30, it had a double bed in it, 3  sides of the bed were touching the walls. pillows were thin. no light in the room, it was like a squat and very dim. i went to complain and was given room 41. this was bigger and brighter, but was on the road side. the noise from traffic was non stop. the toilet and shower room were so small it was very claustrophobic. there were no seats, you had to sit on the bed. no water to make tea or coffee. dust on skirting boards and radiator.  went out to watch a show and got back at mid night. could not sleep as the traffic went on and on. i know there is a lot of traffic  in london, but there was no sound proofing on the windows. from about 8am til we left at 11 the noise from cleaners was ridiculous. banging doors and speaking loudly.…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or230-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A scot in london,"Ah the arriva hotel.  First off its a basic hotel, it's not fancy and it's not shabby.  It is ideal if you are looking for a place to stay in London if you are out and about most of the day.  The rooms are ok, the one I stayed in was clean, although the room looks somewhat of a slap job, odd wardrobe and wall fitting, badly measured and looked strongly but badly done DIY. An upside was the TV a good few channels on it and the remote worked. The bathroom has one of those horrible Sliding doors with no locks on and it didn't shut well. The bathroom itself was clean, toilet paper stocked aswell as soap (although I never used it I take my own)  And towels a nice touch (again I use my own) the shower clean although the shower head needs cleaned internally due to probably limescale.…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or230-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to london,"To be honest I took one look at the front and judged it by the appearance before even going in. The reception was small but clean, polite and friendly staff. Room small but big enough for twin beds and big enough for us. Kettle didn't work which the hotel staff immediately replaced with a new one when I told them it wasn't working. Will use again when in London",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or230-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Stag do ,"Well booked this hotel for its closeness to kings cross and underground station so ease to get anywhere in London. It was my son in law to be stag do was very central, rooms were basic but ok only slept for one night breakfast was good plenty to eat but get voucher when checking in ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or235-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Near Saint Pancras trainstation, but a crappy hotel!","I booked this hotel because it was close to Saint Pancras and also the rate was affordable. The pictures looked nice: it is clearly fake pictures. Maybe they have some renovated rooms but the one I had was small, badly furbished, no taste, very uncomfortable... Even the wifi did not work! A big disappointment...",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or235-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for those on budget,"Location is an easy walk from Kings Cross so those with suitcases should be fine with the walk. Rooms are not brilliant , but it is well priced. Rooms do not have air conditioning so it does get quite warm. Rooms are on the small side which is common in many of the hotels in this area. If you use the room just to sleep and shower, it is adequate. Reception staff were all very friendly and wifi was free. A good continental breakfast is served for £3.50.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or235-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","A comfortable, clean hotel in a great location","A comfortable, clean hotel - small rooms but well equipped with new TV and shower rooms. Not luxurious but perfectly adequate for a weekend site-seeing.  A friendly welcome and well-priced breakfast.  A great location, down a side street some 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross station with a choice of many tube lines. Easy access - approx 15 mins - to the West End and to Chlak Farm and Camden for the famous markets.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or235-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic in need of upgrade but perfectly adequate for our needs,"Was in London for just the one night, booked a few days previous, needed somewhere to stay for one night near to either Kings Cross/Euston. Easy to find & was surprised how near to King Cross it was for the money we paid (about 5 mins walk)  Got there before 2pm (official check in time) but there was a slight mix-up with the booking but guy on Reception was nice enough & he sorted it out eventually, to be fair he was more concerned with me being charged twice.  By the time it was sorted the room was ready.  It was a twin bed, ground floor room which was clean and bigger than expected. The shower had instant hot water and was powerful, the bed was very comfortable. TV worked & we had a fridge & kettle, didn't use either but they were there. The only slight let down for me was the…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or235-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","PLEASE don't go there, absolutely awful","I can only suspect that the 'good' reviews for this hotel are done by family or robots because it was the greatest tip of a place I've ever visited. Dirty room, filthy bathroom, dust and rubbish around room, couldn't swing a cat. Could barely lift arms in tiny shower. Dust all over doors and on vents. Wifi never working. Headers on too high and knob broken so couldn't adjust. Very rude staff, watched us two ladies struggle with 4 bags up the step entrance. Pillow was flattest thing i've ever seen. Scandalous price. Total disaster of a place. My friend will be posting her pictures of the filth. Noisy too. Could even hear upstairs people when they went to toilet. Horrible experience!!! I booked via booking.com who confirmed they posted my review, but it has mysteriously…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or240-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem close to Kings Cross,"Came to London for a concert and needed somewhere to stay for one night near Kings Cross. We arrived before 2pm and there had been a mix up with our booking but the man on the Reception sorted it out. We had a twin bed, ground floor room which was clean and bigger than I expected. The shower had instant hot water and the beds were very comfortable. All the staff we met were very pleasant. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross so very handy for the station.Will definitely be using this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or240-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Stayed a night, was fab!","Came here for the night with my friend, the hotel is quite small but nice. The rooms were clean, the bathroom needed updating but apart from that it was good. Nice sleep, clean sheets. We could arrive back at the hotel any time we needed.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or240-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"This hotel was booked for me for a business trip - I should say that having read other reviews, I would not have chosen to stay here. I was here with colleagues, otherwise I would have left on site.  My room was on the 2nd floor and there is a lift.  The room was small, which is to be expected in a London hotel. The best thing I can say is that the bed was comfortable, but the state of the room terrible: torn curtains, peeling paint on the walls & window, not particularly clean and generally in need of a complete refit. The bathroom was small with a mini-sized washbasin, which couldn't be used to wash my face.  I needed Wifi to be able to work and unfortunately the service wasn't great.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or240-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for a short stay,"Just a short walk from Kings Cross, this is in a good location. I had a double room which was a littel larger than I expected and an ensuite shower room. All pretty basic but everything you need was there and working including a kettle. The beds were basic but not uncomfortable. Despite having the window open it was surprisingly at night. The Wifi signal was fine. Fine for a short stay and I would certainly use this again",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or240-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Fine average offer,"In the economy of my presence in the city Arriva Hotel responds to the need to me: frugality, hygiene and especially nocturnal silence. It was the first time for a few nights in a essential room on the back in almost total absence of noise. Well the wifi with a strong signal. Well the breakfast continantale with vitamins sun (at least for me). Good reception, always helpful and careful.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or245-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not coming back,"Stayed here a few years ago, it was a nice stay , location was good, near king's cross, that's why I came back. Unfortunately, the room looks outdated this time, wi fi signal was poor, TV was disconnected. The most disappointing thing is they now have the policy of charging left luggage , around 2-3pounds per bag. Not so friendly. It's better to store your luggage at the train station.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or245-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly...,"As my title says, this hotel is friendly and it's nice that the reception never closes. However a broken bathroom door and an appearance that says ""I've never been looked after"" is very off putting and depressing. I'd use this place only if I had to, there are better (and cheaper) hostels.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or245-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if at all possible,"I left my booking until late this trip, and the usual hotels I use in London were fully booked. I left a colleague to book 'something' for us, and he picked the Arriva Hotel in Kings Cross. Lesson learnt there.   The staff at the hotel are very pleasant, no issues there but I was not impressed with the cleanliness of rooms, which were basic to say the least. The worst issue was the central heating which was constantly on, with no facility 'in room' to switch it off. The room was like a sauna, and the only way to cool the room was to open the window. Which leads to the next issue....noise from the traffic. Even with secondary glazing the noise was bad, but I had to have the window open to cool the room. This made it almost impossible to sleep, even with ear plugs.   I asked for…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or245-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,"A few friends and I just needed a cheap hotel for one night in London. Easy to get to from Kings Cross. The room we stayed in was a triple, which was small with one double bed and a single. But everything was clean and simple and just what we needed for an overnight stay. The staff were friendly, too. Perhaps not the fanciest London hotel but definitely a pleasant experience and would stay again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or245-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",You Almost Get What You Pay For,"The Hotel Arriva is not one of the best hotels in London but it certainly isn't one of the worst or a hell hole. I stayed last week for a work trip and for a room that I could shower and sleep in it wasn't bad. The bed was comfy, the shower was a bit pathetic and I got a good sleep. No, I wouldn't want to spend all day in my room but then who does? Staff were very helpful, the room seemed clean and I slept well.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or250-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy!,"We booked this hotel as it said it was in Camden when In fact it is a 30 minute walk, after this initial disappointment we were shown to the rooms 3 doubles, on entering the first we were all shocked by how small the rooms are, but that was the least of the problems, the duvet cover had stains on it & it was very obvious that they didn't change the cover for each guest just the sheets underneath, we asked that it be changed & the state of the quilt inside made us feel quite ill, we moved onto the next room & the smell was awful off stale cigarette smoke we had to keep the window wide open. The dirt on the radiator & pipes was so bad I took a photo, we only stayed as we couldn't get anywhere else at short notice. It is the worst hotel we have stayed in & we certainly would not…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or250-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"Stayed here and wouldn't recommend, the only good thing about this place was the reception staff were friendly. The rooms were small , not very clean, had to get them to change duvet cover as was stained, the duvet had seen better days, shabby rooms. The reason we stayed here was that the hotel was in Camden, well that's what it said when I booked it, it's no were near Camden, big taxi ride to camden markets. Very disappointed",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or250-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Business ,Small clean central no frills and cheap.what more do you want when you just need to sleep? Couldn't fault it except the shower in room 86 was less than efficient! Didn't stay for breakfast. Gent on reception couldn't have been more polite or helpful!,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or250-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Small but suitable for budget,"Suitable for the budget.  Yes, small, one side entry to dble bed and no table for cases, would  suit single traveller or couple going out sightseeing all day - us! Pubs, shops, eats all within 5 mins and transport. Bathroom tight and shower is sml 3/4 with low pressure, so no rugby players. Breakfast is £3.50 but free wi-fi for each device.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or250-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel in need of some updating,This hotel is located close to Kings Cross station. The reception area is pleasant with comfortable seats. Unfortunately this was not reflected in the room which was small and had no seats except for a small stool. The room looked in need of some fresh paint and the amount of storage for belongings was minimal. Our room was at the front of the hotel and the road outside was very busy and noisy for most of the day and night. Although there was secondary glazing this did not lessen the noise much. Also there was no temperature control in the room or on the radiator. This made the room unbearably hot and obliged us to open the windows for comfort. So it was a choice of being blown away by noise or sweltering in the heat.  The shower room was one of the smallest I've ever come…,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or255-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Priced Budget Hotel,"My friend and I stayed at this Hotel while on a recent trip to London. We have stayed in another 3 Hotels in that area in previous years, however we both felt the Arriva Hotel was by far the best value for money. We received a very warm welcome from the staff on Reception and they were exceptionally friendly and professional. The fact that the Hotel has a lift is fantastic as the other ones we stayed at in the area didn't. The layout of the room is very good and the furniture is adequate. The bathroom we had was also very good especially the shower. Continental breakfast can be ordered and paid for at reception and we found this to be extremely good value. All in all we found this to be a very good priced budget hotel. With less than a 10 minute walk to Kings Cross/St. Pancras…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or255-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","For a budget hotel this was as expected, would stay again","An honest review if you are expexting the Hilton it is not but what it is, is a freindly hotel really accommodating the bathroom and beds were clean and had all the facilities you needed for a short stay a bargin if you ask me for a stay in central London close to station Camden somewhere to lay your head would definately return ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or255-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I've stayed at Arriva hotel with a friend the last weekend and I expected much more from the photos I'd seen on internet. It's very good for the position, awful for the cleanliness and the dimensions of the rooms. The worst thing was the bathroom: wc was dirt, basin too small and the shower didn't work well (it was impossible to adjust the direction and the pressure of the water). We had to pay wi-fi and the luggage storage as well.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or255-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The worst!,"This is a disgrace.  I expect budget accommodation for a fair price but I do not expect a carpet that smells, and I mean one that you can smell standing up - not sniffing the floor!  Pubic hair in every corner of the bathroom and in the shower.  Mould and crumbling skirting boards.  And for a small room, a sizeable area was taken up with a full size metal kitchen sink....that isn't even working,  and a disgusting old refrigerator.  On the upside, we were disturbed at 9:30 by a knock on the door and a man shouting MAINTENANCE who came in and started checking all the electrical appliances.  Apparently they all work ok...but couldn't you do those checks when the guest is out ????  I could keep going on but to keep it far briefer than it should be.  Save your money, and do not stay…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or255-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Suprisingly Great,"Stayed here last week and was surprised with how nice it actually was, the rooms were clean and the beds were very comfy! I had a double room which was a comfortable size but the bathroom was a bit tight. My sisters stayed in a quadruple room which was very roomy! I was very happy with the rooms, only thing was the noisy traffic at night but that can't be helped. The staff were lovely and always smiling and happy to help, breakfast was good, cereal, toast, jams, yoghurts, juice and hot drinks. We did have to pay £2.50 each, each morning which wasn't specified when we booked, but reasonable price for the breakfast. The location was brilliant didn't take long to get to Kings Cross or Euston, and plenty of nandos and McDonald's near by. They do have a luggage room but it doesn't…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or260-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",It's a good budget hotel,Good location - 7 min walk from Kings Cross St. Pancras. Clean rooms if a bit warm. A bit worn and basic but friendly service and space to keep luggage for early arrivals and check outs. I would stay again.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or260-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great price and great location,"Stayed here last week for one night with friends. I was really impressed, the location is great, just a few minutes walk away from Kings Cross, the room was clean, tidy and very quiet, although we were at the back of the hotel. This is obviously a budget hotel, but was great value for money, would happily stay here again!",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or260-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good location for Kings Cross station,"This is a very good location for Kings Cross station, it is about 5 mins flat drag walk with suitcases to the hotel, with plenty of dropped kerbs etc.  It is on a busy road, but there is secondary glazing in rooms which help, although on a hot day it could impact if window needed to be kept open.  The welcome at reception was good, we arrived about 11:30am and the room wasn't ready, but we were able to store our luggage in the luggage room for free.  Also able to use the downstairs loo.  Check in later was okay, we were given room 60 on floor 2.  The lift was being serviced and we weren't helped with cases, but not a problem for us.  The room was extremely small, and I know that space is of a premium in London but don't cramp a small double and a small single bed in a room which…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or260-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Thank You,"It was clean, staff are professional and friendly. Everything is as described. Very close to King's Cross station and subway. If i go there again, i can stay there again.  Good service and not expensive.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or260-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great price-great rooms,"My wife and I were stuck in Kings Cross London on the 4th Jan 2015. On searching the internet I came across the Arriva Hotel 55 Swinton Rd WC1X 9NT. At first I could not believe the price-£40 for a double room in the centre of London . I took a chance and booked the room. On arrival we were very pleasantly surprised..The hotel reception was bright and spotless. On being allocated a room we found the same standard applied to the room. Alright it was basic with a double bed,kettle and tea bags. flat screen t.v. and ensuite bathroom. But for £40 what do you want. This hotel is  ideal   to use as a base for any trip to London. My wife and I certainly in tend to use the hotel again next time we are in London",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or265-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable basic Hotel,"Small room but clean. Was noisy both from outside (Trafiic jam all day long) and inside (could hear other people talking clearly).  Room has almost everything you need: bed, TV, Coffee/Tea, kettle, hairdryer, comfy bed but no fridge.  Room service everyday.  Wifi and breakfast cost money.   Located 5 min walk from Kings Cross Station and various Bus lines.  Luggage storage was free for us!  Nice staff.  Not bad for 60 pounds/night.    Take the Buses instead of the Tube!",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or265-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Decent Hotel, Basic, but Clean","Room has everything you require, Bed, TV, Tea & Coffee. The bathroom couldn't be any smaller but has everything in that you need. The room was clean & well maintained.    There are no frills to the hotel, if you want character then book somewhere else at twice the price!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or265-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",over night stay,"Room was adequate, clean and very warm. It was a bit small and lacked character but did the job as a base for a weekend stay in London without breaking the bank. We didn't have breakfast so could not comment on that.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or265-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Decent Kings Cross cheapo hotel,"There are loads of hotels in Kings Cross at a similar price and this is the best of all those I've stayed in. The room was clean and looked recently refurbished. The bathroom was small but clean and good quality fittings. The bed was comfy, and the window opened in the room. I can't remember the last time I had a hotel window that actually opened more than an inch! Flat screen TV with freeview. Tea and coffee making facilities - all good.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or265-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but very average","we chose this for its location as had to catch the train to the airport the next day.  The room was adequate with tea and coffee, kettle and hairdryer which was great.  Disappointed though that they charged for both wifi use and to hold our bags the next morning on checking out since we had experienced both services for free in cheaper accomodation.   Would stay again if I had to for one night, but it wouldn't be my first choice.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or270-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,my girlfriend and i stayed here for one night on the 18th November. We were catching the Eurostar in the morning so the location of this hotel was excellent as it was only a few minutes walk from St Pancras. The hotel is budget but on the better scale. The room was clean and comfortable and the noise levels were not an issue being in a busy part of london. The staff that we met were brilliant. The two guys at night and the guy in the morning were welcoming and friendly. This hotel is recommended due to the above and we would stay here again. Thanks Arriva.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or270-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"I am a mid fifties woman, travelling alone and needed a cheap hotel near kings cross to get an early train. I chose arriva because it was the cheapest hotel I could get for the night, apart from a hostel! Near to kings cross I  let the hotel know I would be arriving around midnight and was slightly concerned after reading previous reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised when I turned in to Swinton  street at nearly 1am to try and find the hotel and saw the outside light on, the light in the reception on and a nice smiley man at the desk. the hotel is a bit shabby, but the room was big enough, the sheets  and towels were clean, there were shampoo sachets soap a hairdryer coffee and tea. The bathroom and shower were tiny, but perfectly functional. It was exactly as I imagine a…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or270-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE,"Location good, but you get what you pay for. Street noise terrible with paper thin walls. Reception also incredibly rude, unhelpful and argumentative when we were woken by builders in the room above at 9:30am (!) Would never stay here again and would highly recommend others to stay clear. A hostel would rate better than this.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or270-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Unbelievably bad. The hotel is very basic, and very noisy as the walls and floors are paper thin. The manager/receptionist was incredibly rude and ignorant when we complained about builders working in the room above in the morning. You've been warned. Find another hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or270-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy and uncomfortable to work in.,"Booked here on a deal and regretted it. Ground floor room really noisy, poorly lit, with only a stool and a shelf to put my laptop on. Reception friendly enough, but in the end I  gave up and went somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or275-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",All right,"This was booked by my office for an overnight in London, the reviews were scary and I was apprehensive. Reception was friendly, we arrived very late, the room was teeny, when I sat on the loo my face was inches from the sink, walls were thin, BUT it was clean, felt safe, was adequate for the night. I would not choose to stay here, but it's not the worst either. We did not have the breakfast, which is two pounds fifty. Lots of nice places in the area for breakfast. So if you work for a charity as I do, this hotel will do you. If you have any dosh, go elsewhere.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or275-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good bargain hotel,"good for the inexpensvie price. Basic and clean, friendly and helpfull staff. Close to St.Pancras walking distance to both Kings Cross and St Pancrass Station. Pub at the end of street serve very good economical meals.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or275-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A basic average hotel,"An overall good experience at this hotel for what I initially expected (reading other reviews etc.) The location is very good (next to King's Cross St. Pancras station,) and safe I would safe since it's close to a major train station and the room was quite small but clean. It's a good choice if you are traveling solo and are out of the hotel during the day.  It's not a very good value for money experience though. I know London hotels are extremely expensive, but paying 115 pounds per night for this hotel is way too much. It is just an average hotel after all so they need to lower their prices a little bit. What I also found disturbing was that you had to pay for wi-fi.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or275-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic hotel,Very much a budget option. Close to King's Cross station so good transport links.Short taxi ride to Clerkenwell which has decent bars and restaurants.Hotel is very basic.No facilities apart from breakfast room.Rooms pretty small and in need of a bit of updating.Grand for the one night.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or275-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel at a very not budget price. ,I write this having woken up early on my second night of staying.  I have mixed feelings about this hotel. It is certainly needing an overhaul in terms of decor and I had a problem with my sink.  But the welcome I got was warm and friendly and when I reported the sink they fixed it.  My room was clean and despite the lumpy bed my first night was a very restful nights sleep.  My second night not so good but that is more to do with the Brazilian BBQ I had last night where I ate too much.  The location for this hotel (minutes from Kings Cross) was fantastic.   My only qualm for this is that I paid £86 per night and I have stayed in much nicer hotels for much less but I guess this is the London effect.  It was one of the cheapest hotels I could book for my business trip .  I also…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or280-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"Noise, old, bowing, un pleasant. surprised  it was actually clean. proximity to the train station. Over priced, internet rate per day. didn't try the breakfast. the room is small, the water tap in the sink was not fuctionat at first start, water got out the tap splashing and got me wet. ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or280-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great service,"The hotel is close to kings cross and st Pancras  so ideal for tubes and trains, it's just a 5 minute walk. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed in a quadruple room, the beds were comfortable with clean bedding and towels. It's basic but for the price can't expect anything else. The room had tea and coffee facilities, a TV and wardrobe to hang clothes up. The en suite was also clean. Over all the room served our needs - somewhere to sleep and shower after a busy day out. The road was busy but it's London so you expect that.  We all paid for the breakfast and for £2.50 each it was well worth it. There was a choice of teas and coffee, cereals, toast (with a selection of jams), yoghurts and a selection of meats and cheese.  After reading reviews we was all a bit…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or280-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","OK for London, but nothing more","Room was small but clean. Close to the train station (Kings, St. Pancreas). Had a room facing the street and it was just too loud. Cars the whole night, sound isolation of the windows basically not existent. Would not stay again due to that or make sure you get a room facing the back.  But I've had worse hotels in London for the same price, unfortunately. ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or280-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, great location and great price","We stayed at the Arriva last night for one night at £76.  The location is absolutely ideal and the price lets you know what to expect.  Our room was very clean, the beds were very comfortable and suited our needs. The en suite was clean and had plenty of fresh towels. The staff were friendly and very helpful with giving us directions.  Anyone that's complaining about this hotel obviously has unrealistic expectations. If I had to point out any negatives, I would say the room was slightly warm and a little bit noisy because we were on the ground floor at the front. But after a few tequilas I didn't care.  If you're looking for somewhere to leave your bags and get your head down, this is absolutely ideal. If you're expecting 5 star service for £76 a night, you need to manage your…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or280-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good but..,+Warm welcome   Good service   Very close to the main train/subway station (St Pancras)   Very close to a park with a basketball playground and other sport agrements.     - Room/bathroom not so clean  -Too much loud in the early morning. Too noisy if you want too sleep after 7am!        ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or285-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Simply  noise  and dirty,"I passed there 4 nights from 21 to 25, of August 2014, the staff was ok, they advertise the hotel in a wrong  way, they make you think that internet and other services are included int the price. When you get at the desk you realize the is not what you quote. We all agree that London is expensive. However this hotel won't worth 40 pound per night. Good for back packer, but not the price. I DO NOT recommend  this hotel, especially if you are traveling with family or children. You can get better hotels a better price in London.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or285-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate and Convenient,A 2 night stay for a bit of London exploring before Eurostar to Brussels so hotel was convenient as close to all travel requirements.We found room quite adequate not tiny or noisy and very clean.Staff were polite and helpful.Shower was ok.Tea/coffee tray in room. However what you pay -London prices-raises more than an eyebrow! Our much superior hotel in heart of Brussels was less than half the price-with breakfast.Arriva you pay extra -only £2.50 -but! However it was better than anticipated the 1 morning we took the plunge. As a base we would use hotel again-if no alternative.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or285-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","1 night, no more","The room was very warm. When the window opened out it was a lot of noise. The room is small, but just enough to sleep. The bathroom is completely clean. 10 minutes walk from the British Museum. It is close to King's Cross station.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or285-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, back packers would turn their noses up. Dirty room, hotter than hell, noisy traffic, 'working' neighbours by the sounds of it. The shower was dribbling at best. Tiny and dirty. Dire is too good a word. Vastly overpriced for what could have doubled as a homeless shelter.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or285-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare!!!!,"3 days stay in a TINY room for three people. The room was very noisy and it was extremely hot inside! The receptionists were kind, they avoided us to be charged for breakfast or for the last day luggage deposit, but it was the minimum after receiving such a treatment despite the reservation made several months in advance! The walls are very tiny and the floor very noisy as well, so you can easiky appreciate your neighbours' life!  It is for sure very close to King's Cross, but sometimes it's better to pay more (it is by the way very expensive for a 2 stars hotel!!) and be able to sleep and enjoy the holidays!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or290-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",At least it should be cleaner...,"It's not too bad to stay, if you're looking for just a place to sleep after sightseeing the city for two days. They offer breakfast for 2.50 pounds that seems for homeless. The room floor was dusty, I had to take several pills for alergy... the carpets maybe had months or years without cleaning. Too much car noise at night. Really old furniture. Just location make it convenient, a few blocks close to King's Cross station. And that's it!",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or290-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Truly appalling hotel,"In my opinion this hotel was, by some distance, the worst I think I have ever stayed in and the company I used to book it with agreed a rate of £129 for a room with breakfast. Not sure what the other £100 was for. Room small, almost clean in places, bathroom tiny, carpet indescribable, no restaurant, makes the local back-packer hostels look really appealing. Also room on the street side was very noisy so not a good night's sleep.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or290-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Scary place,Scary place.  My family wouldn't have forgiven me if I'd stayed here.  I couldn't have slept a wink. Room small and very basic.  Staff were scary.  I had to leave and find somewhere else within minutes of being shown my room.  Of course they wouldn't give me a refund.  Shocked to think it was on late rooms.  I know it was cheap but it was still £80.,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or290-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Poor quality hotel,The double room was small and there was a lot of noise from the road. Skipped breakfast due to poor night. Only good for a one night stay for access to St Pancras or other local place if you are not fussy about where you stay. Will look for other hotel for future trips. ,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or290-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Cheerful,Can't go wrong if you want a quick stopover just for a bed and a wash. In a great location close to Euston station. It's clean and a 24 hour desk. I'd come back if it was just a bed I was after for a cheap price.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or295-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Decent Holdover,"My wife and I booked this hotel for the night as we had tickets for the Eurostar the next day. Cheap and cheerful; you get what you pay for. Within easy reach from kings cross underground and st pancras international. The rooms arent massive but again for £70 in London dont expect much. Wouldn't stay more than a couple of nights. Clean room, clean bed, TV, Tea and Coffee facilitees. Checking in and out was easy. Downside: had to wear trainers to run around the shower in order to get wet and the central heating pipes bang and clatter at 0400!! to round up: If you want a cheap place to stay near Kings cross without dipping into your holiday money then this is it.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or295-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad,"Good location (walk from kings cross station) and the staff were very friendly as well as helpful. Breakfast room was too busy to actually go but looked ok. There is safe storage for your personal valuable items. Rooms ok, nothing to rave about but livable for a couple of days. ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or295-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very confined and somewhat dirty rooms,"Booked this hotel for four nights, but checked out after only one. The pictures on the website were very misleading. The room, that was suppose to be a double room, was so small that we could only be on the floor one at a time. It felt dirty, the sink didn't work properly, the curtains were old and torn and the mattress felt like an old sofa covered with a sheet. Some of the floorboards were loose under the carpet so I kept tripping over it. The walls were so thin that you could hear what was being said in the next room. The breakfast room was very small and could not accomodate enough of the guests.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or295-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva Kings Cross,"Ideally situated for sightseeing as it is close to major tourist sites and transport. Breakfast is simple but unlimited and is good value for money. The Triple room was in the basement, simple and clean, the beds comfortable, the toilet clean, but no chairs. As far as the view was concerned, it was better to draw the curtains. Tea and a fridge in the room helped a bit. You have to pay for WiFi and Internet use and to store baggage after your stay.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or295-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel near metro kings cross,"Stayed there for 3 nights. Staff was really friedly. Breakfast was adequate. Fresh orange and apple juice, tea, coffee, toast, ham, cheese, cucumber and tomato slices, joghurt, fruitsalad and 2 types of cereal (I couldn't eat more). Bed was comfy, and room was clean. I would recommend for a person who wants to have place to sleep with low cost.  Room was quite hot, but we kept the window open, so it did't bother. Street was noisy, but I think it is everywhere in the centre of the city. Didn't bother us. After long day of walking in London you just fall asleep.  Location is good because kings cross metro station have many lines. Also if you fly to gatwick airport, you can take train to st.pancras and just walk to the hotel.  Really lovely turkish restaurant best mangal on your…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or300-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",not happy,"I would like to highlight the booking policies of this hotel, I booked a room checking in Monday 24th march for three days through Booking.com, I had to cancel the booking because of personal reasons and asked Booking.com to let me know what refund I would be receiving, Booking.com got back to me to say that the booking was non-refundable as the payment was taken on the day of the booking, the payment was taken 2 days later not on the day, I asked Booking.com if they could re-instate the booking as they had taken the money, I was told that there where no rooms available, this hotel has in effect taken two lots of money for one room, I knew that I would have to pay an administration fee but I did not think that I would receive no money back at all.   I phoned Booking.com…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or300-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",I would stay again,"As has been said you get what you pay for, that said I would stay again without a second thought.  The room was comfortable and clean and situated on the ground floor, a reasonable and acceptable traffic noise experienced, it is the centre of London after all.   The staff on reception were friendly and organise cabs to get around the city, it is worth remembering that if you book a private hire the price is set before travel and if you are stuck in traffic the price will still be the same unlike a black cab where the meter continues to spin and rise.  The breakfast is continental but plenty of toast jams, cereal, tea and coffee to keep you going.  One comment and not a complaint but an observation was that all the staff that I came across were not of this country but very nice…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or300-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, Cramped and Hot","Stayed at hotel July of 2004. Booked this hotel because of location and price. Am only reviewing this hotel today because noticed the exorbitant rates they now charge. This is at best a 1.5 star facility. Room was extremely small. Had one small window that only opened 6 inches high. Room was so uncomfortably hot that after first night we searched for a hotel with air conditioning. Bathroom was pathetic, you literally had to step over water lines in order to get into the shower. Breakfast consisted of toast, that's it, toast. For what they are charging today you can get a much, much nicer place in the same area.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or300-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",It was pretty nice :),"Arriva Hotel is located 3 min' walking from Kings Cross. The hotel is very functional, small rooms, great breakfast and helpful stuff.  It is not romantic or fancy in any way, but the price for this hotel is so low and so unusual to London - that's what makes it so attractive offer for those who just looking for a place to sleep in London.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or300-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Place to be,"The hotel was most definitely a place to be. I do recommend to a friends and families or even couple to visit the site. The location was great, and I was amazing place to be       Therefore from now I will be my favourite hotel in london king cross                     ",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or305-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for?,"The Arriva is handy for Kings Cross and thats its most redeeming quality, that and the fact that the staff were friendly and helpful.    The hotel stuck me as clean but certainly not spotless and not as clean as I would have liked.  It needs some money spending on the decor and someone with a steady hand to go round the edges . The average 10yr old could decorate better.    We had a room at the back of the hotel over-looking mud ... perhaps they could do something with the mud and weed patch to the back of the hotel?     The shower room was tiny, but had seen better days the manufactures stickers were still on the basin and pedestal which was old.. the taps need new washers and a good clean round the bottom.  Most of the floor tiles were cracked, but seem to have been filled…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or305-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva 2 nights,"Location is fine, but hotel is more hostel than hotel.  We complained first room smelled of smoke and had dirty sheets, second room was marginally better.  Cheap wood open wardrobe, none locking loo door, one socket, dirty carpet, must have been painted by a five year old.  We are not fussy people and use a hotel just to sleep in, but this cost well over £120 a night, which is same as chain hotels in the area.  If we had paid say £60 id have said ok.  Breakfast was in a room too small, although it was clean and nice meats and cheeses.  Milk for cereal was warm must not have been in a fridge for hours,  This is my first bad review of anywhere, but it needs to be said.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or305-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money,"Booked this hotel for its location which was it's only redeeming point.  The room was small, it was really run down, the bed was too small and uncomfortable, the carpet looked like it had never been cleaned, no side tables, very poor light above the bed, the bathroom was so small - hardly enough room for 1 person, the curtains were hanging off the railings, the window wouldn't stay up when we tried to open it as the room was stuffy and there was no air conditioning.  Breakfast was in the basement which was hot and stuffy and the same everyday. I",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or305-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not Impressed!,"Be warned - the online pictures of this hotel certainly don't represent what you get!   On arrival we were a bit dismayed by the run-down appearance of the exterior - a feeling not helped by the dingy reception area, which had clearly seen better days.  Room was tiny and ""spartan"", shall we say politely. No frills like pictures for example, but strangely, an empty and very noisy fridge! There was space to hang coats but nowhere to put a suitcase of any size. The bed was comfortable and clean, however, and we had a quiet night's sleep, as the room was at the back of the hotel.  The bijou ensuite was just about adequate, (no room to swing cats certainly) but the towels need to be replaced for newer models! The plug in the sink didn't work, meaning that you had to wash under a…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or305-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Small grubby  room but convenient for 1 night stay,Room was v small with dirty flooring and walls. Staff helpful. Very small shower room. Quite noisy so get a room at back which is less so. Could stand it for one night as v close to Kings X. Wouldn't stay again though - too depressing!,Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or310-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",not the best hotel i have ever stayed in,"we have just  spent two nights  (myself, my daughter & grandaughter) in this ""hotel"" not great!! it is idealy situated, but i,m afraid that is its only good point. the triple room was very very basic, no headboards, or bedside lights! my single bed was pushed against a door with a large pipe sticking out from it!! next to a radiator which couldnt be turned down,   we were in a basement room with views looking up  at the pavement above, to be fair the bedding was clean, or we wouldn,t have stayed,the towels should have been replaced years ago!  to be fair, the shower was very powerful & we did laugh at some of the furnishings, the top came off the bedside cupboard leaving big nails sticking out. dont think we would stay here again, but if a good facelift was done, it would make…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or310-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Would not take much to make it better,"Spent 4 nights in Arriva hotel, it is cheap in London, it means anywhere else it is an expensive place... Rooms are small, one morning didn't have hot water to take shower. Breakfast was the same every morning (continental type), but the place was so small that in peak we had to wait to sit down and always had to share table. Staff wasn't really running around to clean up tables for the next customer.  Room was quiet but so hot, couldn't really sleep well, and it is not possible to open any window. Reception staff was always nice and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or310-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dirtiest Hotel I've stayed in this Year!,"Words will fail to describe the smell emanating from the first room I was offered at the Arriva Hotel. Which on inspection was an unhygienic room with mould, scuff marks on the walls, dirty light switches and tatty furniture.  I complained and was subsequently offered a different room which didn't have the smell of the first and looked cleaner. However, although it was a massive upgrade from the first room, on inspection it just was not clean. Lipstick, fingermarks and mould etc   Also, I later discovered that the bed had more lumps, bumps and sink holes than a field to sleep on! It was a terrible experience at any price.   I would not recommend this hotel.  I didn't try breakfast as I couldn't leave soon enough.  ",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or310-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent, cheap and friendly stay",We loved this hotel. It is handy for Kings Cross station and the underground. There was a delightful pub nearby though I can't remember it's name! It was cheap and friendly. Breakfast in this busy little place was continental but tasty. We sat with a couple from Italy and spoke to many other tourists there. We were able to leave our luggage both before our booking in and after we had booked out.  The road was busy during the day was busy but quietened down at night allowing us to have a really good night's sleep. Shower facilities were good (not excellent but nevertheless good!_ We would recommend this hotel to anyone who just needs a place to rest and sleep. it has no extra facilities but hen we didn't need them!,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or310-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",ARRIVA GLAD TO DEPARTURE,"I paid £215.00 for a two night stay which if, I was given a choice of leaving a donation myself I would not have given more than around £40.00 a night and that would be generous.  It is situated down a rundown side street near ""Kingscross St Pancrass"" and to my disappointment the Hotel was very run down as well.   Front desk had office behind it which looked full of cluttered odds and ends.   On entering the room our hearts dropped, it was very small, looked very grubby and the bathroom was in a terrible condition.   Its floor tiles were ingrained with dirt and the wall tiles grouting was also dirty as were the sink taps and no plug.   The Continental b/fast consisted of White/Brown toast, squares of cheese and triangles of a processed ham of sorts and preserve spreads.  …",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or315-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not great - can't even take a proper shower in the mornings!!!,"Not great at all. Rooms are very small and not amazing but comfortable at least. Staff are okay as well, HOWEVER i think it's horrible i had to pay for wifi and on top of that it didn't work for 2 full days, and of course i wasn't offered my money back.         In the mornings, there is no hot water to take a shower!!! I am writing this from my bed, wrapped up in blankets, freezing.         I understand this is London and that's a two star hotel, but come on. Up your game or lose clients.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or315-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The pits,"The worst hotel I have ever been in, the bed was clean and that's about all. Carpets filthy and walls, dismal with a poor light. Windows also filthy. We actually went out round other hotels to see if we could get in but there was nothing. Was prepared to lose my £100, definitely wouldn't recommend this dive!",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or315-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Awful awful awful,Dirty Small Dingy Unfriendly More like a hostel Awful breakfast room more like a dungeon Showers tiny and hardly work Expensive Will never return Noisy!  I booked this hotel as I was attending a conference in kings cross. The location was great but everything else was awful. It was dirty and small and it should be advertised as a hostel really. I couldn't wait to get out of there and won't be returning.,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or315-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",clean tidy close to station,"This hotel is about 500 metres from kings cross train station and approx. 30 to 45 minutes walk from Westminster. the staff are friendly. the room was basic but clean the shower worked well. it is ideal for people on a short break who just want somewhere to rest there heads. my wife, myself and our two children (5yr and 7yr) had no complaints.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or315-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised since reading bad reviews!,"My girlfriend and I were originally booked into another hotel around the corner. However, when I told her the price, she insisted we find a cheaper option, since the hotel was only a 2-star. We did a bit of research, and settled on Arriva, saving ourselves a total of £150. We read some of the reviews on here, saying it was dirty and cramped, so we went in a little anxious.  We were greeted by a friendly young man at the front desk named Sorryn (may be misspelled, sorry!). I asked if we could have the best available room, and without a hassle, he changed our room for no extra cost. We went straight to our room and we were happy we had found a good hotel. There were no ""vegetables growing in the carpet"", no musty, damp smell (despite what some reviewers said), and everything from…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or320-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Its not bad but its not good either,"In comparison to all the cheap budget accommodation I have stayed in over the years of my world travels, this is only ok. Its neither good or bad.   Its simple accommodation,  near the international train stations in London and close to shops and pubs.   Ill start with the positive points: somewhat clean but have found dust and cobwebs where it could be seen and easily cleaned. There is a fridge, kettle with tea and coffee,  simple yet modern furniture and decent bathroom facilities.  Their is a lift that is big enough for 4 to 5 guests. Fire escapes are on every floor and smoke detectors are in every room. Breakfast is basic continental consisting of toast, sliced cheader cheese, ham, jams, yogurts, orange and apple juice, milk,  corn flakes, cocopops, tea and coffee (instant…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or320-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Squashed,"Booked on-line, & on arrival thought we'd walked into a backpackers. The reception is sorely in need of a good makeover. Old dingy looking desk where the receptionist can disappear behind, & not be seen, making one feel there is no-one to greet you.  The room was SO SMALL, that the double bed was squashed in against the window- forcing one person to climb over the other!!!!!!!!  There was no bedside table (Where does one put your clock,phone etc?) The bathroom was tiny, so that only one person was able to use it at a time. The shower  head is located about 8/9 feet up the side of the wall & supplies only a ring of water squirting at you, making it awkward to shampoo ones hair. The basin was so mall that one is not able to fit the kettle under the tap to fill it. Had to use the…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or320-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",located in the right place,"the hotel is a bit worn out but clean. ikea furniture in the room, tea set with kettle, tv, hair drier, daily towel change and shower cleaning. what else do you need from a 2*? the best thing about arriva is its location near rail stations and within walking distance from sightseeing attractions.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or320-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Just stay away...,"This hotel is by far the worst that I have ever stayed in. The hotel is filthy inside and out, dirty carpet, dirty curtains, just gross. I was afraid to walk barefoot in the hotel room. In addition, the room was so hot that I couldn't sleep (even with the window open). The walls were so thin that I could hear the person in the next room snoring. There is just nothing good to say about this hotel except that the people who work there are nice. I am sure that I could find some nice people to talk to if I were sleeping on a park bench. No thanks. This place is a DUMP.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or320-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good accomodation - poor breackfast,"Comfortable room also if it was at semiunderground floor. Poor breakfast and very small breakfast room. Good position,close to KingCross station. WiFi connection available only for payment! I suggest this accomodation for short stay.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or325-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Wish I had researched this one better!,"OMG! Whoever rates this place Excellent, good average or even fair must have pretty low standards. Electric sockets with gaps around them, carpets that could grow vegetables there was so much organic matter ground into them, and tiles in the bathroom with dirt engrained into the surface. I felt like checking into a defumigation clinic after staying at this place. Saw an old guy in the morning asleep in a nearby Macdonalds - I recommend that as an alternative!! Don't go to this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or325-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldn't stay there again...,"If you like very small, plainly furnished, overheated rooms, then this is the place for you. If not, stay somewhere in south Kensington -- better part of town, better restaurant choices, etc. The breakfast is the same awful stuff every day. Our room had an electrical problem that took four days to fix. The bathroom was really small with virtually no counter space. On the plus side, the staff was friendly and the room was clean.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or325-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful,"Disappointed with this hotel, very small room and the carpet was deeply stained, would not dare walk on it bare foot! Only stayed 1 night thankfully and decided to wait until I got home for a shower. Breakfast is just toast, jam, rubber cheese and wafer thin ham and with only 1 of the toasters working it was a queue for this too. I stay in London quite often due to work and have stayed in cheaper hotels before, this is definitely one of the worst I have experienced. On the plus side it is nicely situated for Kings Cross Station, the staff were very pleasant and the coffee was good! ",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or325-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for Money,"We weren't expecting much of this hotel based on the price and other reviews we read on here, but we were pleasantly surprised. The receptionist was friendly and there was no problem leaving our luggage at the hotel for the day, although the room wasn't locked. When we returned (late in the evening), we were greeted in a friendly way and alocated a room. The room exceeded our expectations! The room was clean, the bedding was of a good standard and the overall impression was good. We had a twin room with an ensuite shower room which was well worth the price. Yes, there was noise from the street but you would expect this as it's a farily busy area.  The breakfast was disappointing however. The cellar room was very hot and overcrowded: we had to wait for a space and then had to…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or325-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, cheerful, comfortable but don't bother with breakfast","Room was clean although shower was like standing under a watering can. Staff were friendly enough but continental breakfast? Toast, plastic ham and cheese or a yoghurt and that's your lot. Still it's cheap for a twin room in London and the station is just up the road.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or330-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty standard budget hotel,"You get what you pay for with this hotel. The price was very reasonable given the excellent location, with a few minutes walk of Kings Cross. The rooms pretty small, the bathrooms are very cramped, the halls smelled a bit damp, and sometimes of curry. Overall the place is a little bit run down, with stained carpets and old fixtures, but it is generally pretty clean If you're looking for luxury this is not the place for you. But if you want a great location, and place to sleep for a reasonable price, then I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or330-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Stayed there recently for one night on a short stop in London.  There is nothing amazing about the hotel and if you expect to be treated like royalty I would certainly stay out. However if you are just looking for a well located relatively clean hotel this is the place to be. The rooms are small but sufficient, the bathroom extremely small however very clean and nice. It's just a 2 minute walk from King's Cross and Pancreas which get's you everywhere so I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a cheap well located hotel for a short stop.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or330-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Rip off,"The hotel room we were allocated was tiny, unclean, damp, mouldy, tatty and stuffy. I could put up with it for one night if on a budget but we paid £91 to stay here. I have stayed in much nicer hotels at the weekend in London for less money. The one good point is that the staff are quite nice..but then they would be happy for making that much money for such little effort on their part! I won't be going back,",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or330-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't Rush back.,"Booked because of it's proximity to Kings Cross & more importantly it would take bikes. Very helpful, friendly staff, but roooms pretty much what I should have known a two star Kings Cross hotel to be like. As other reviewers noted, smaal rooms, smelt of damp, don't look under bed! I think that pretty much says it all.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or330-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience at the Arriva hotel London,"I had booked the Arriva hotel in London through Booking.com who had advertised it as a very good value for money. I paid up 170 £ per night for a twin bedroom for two persons. What a disappointment: I was assigned a tiny, gloomy, nightmarish, utterly unattractive bedroom in the basement of the hotel. The level of comfort was inferior to what you would expect in a poor hotel in a less-developed country. I immediately asked to be reimbursed because I just could not stand the idea of spending a short holiday there. I was not, not even for the second night forward, even though the hotel policy was to reimburse if cancellation was done two days in advance. A customer who stepped in the ugly reception was ready to reimburse me and getting the bedroom instead, but the receptionist…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or335-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very Small Rooms and Bathrooms,"Great location and friendly staff, however, very small rooms, poor breakfast (no fruit, no variety), lift was out of order, hot water finished at 8.30 so had to take cold shower), extra small bathroom. Expensive for its quality!",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or335-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A London break (4 days),"The hotel was well-organised and clean and the staff were courteous and helpful. I am not able to say whether the price charged represented value for money because we have not used other London hotels. Breakfast was as advertised – basic - but the breakfast-room was very small and waiting for a table was inevitable at peak times. We felt that our room should not have been offered as a twin bedded room because of its small size and narrow shape.  It is the first time that we have seen two single beds end-to-end rather than side-by-side.  As a result the TV set which was mounted 2 metres up on the wall  between the beds. which were more than 1 metre apart, could be viewed by only one person at a time sitting on one bed (no chair). On the second day of our 4-day stay there was no…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or335-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",If you are desparate,"I stayed here on business persuaded by the reviews that said it was clean. Put it this way, you wouldn't go to the bathroom in bare feet. The fitting haven't been replaced for 20 years, every part of it is deeply shabby and the roomis so small I can almost touch both walls at the same time. Horrid. ",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or335-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",nice location,Hotel room very small and very basic.  Location was good.  Breakfast very poor but overall cheap and cheerful and great location.If you are looking for a cheap hotel with easy access you could do worse.,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or335-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva Hotel London,The best attraction for the hotel is its' location 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station. We were using it as a stop over before taking Eurostar to Paris the next morning and made this a convienient hotel to book. The hotel is pretty basic with small rooms which needed a bit of touching up and a a bit of money spent on it. The continental breakfast the next morning was in a small room which had to cope with too many guests so waiting for a table was the norm and again faIrly basic fare. It does what it says on the tin but not much more.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or340-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & clean close to Waterloo Station,Wanted accommodation near the tube and train station as well as British Museum. Clean and cheap. Our room was at the back of the building so no noise. Breakfast was ok as a continental style. The breakfast room was on the small side. Staff very helpful.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or340-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",There are better options,Very basic bed and breakfast .... Oops but there are more breakfast option outside the hotel. Chose to eat out on day 2 though had already paid for the breakfast. The room is noisy... Sounds like there is housekeeping in middle of the night. Most of the staff are not helpful and certainly not a place for long stay.,Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or340-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Close to underground, small but clean room","We wanted a place near the train station, and this being a 2 minute walk away from Kings Cross was definitely a bonus.   The room was a little small but clean and tidy, but the toilet and shower was truly cramped. You could occasionally hear people walking or talking in the hallway but that never really disturbed our sleep. Reception was always friendly and ready to offer advice if needed. Also had to borrow a hair dryer but got that from reception with no problems.   Good if you're on a budget and want to be close to transport links in London and just need a place to rest for the night.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or340-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",decent rooms poor common areas,I stayed for one night to catch an early train at kings cross and wanted something cheap.  I was happy with the room and hotel at the discounted rate I paid for it but I would have been disappointed if I paid full price. The room and beds were clean and comfortable and so was the showroom which is functional but on the small side.  Basically the stay was fit for purpose but I won't hurry back.,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or340-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",exceeded our expecatation,"after we booked this hotel we saw the reviews on trip advisor regarding the hotel being very dirty and staff very unhelpfull. but after visiting the hotel our expectations were exceeded. the staff was very friendly - there was only one receptionist and 2 gentle ladies who prepare the breakfast and then clean rooms. it is a few metres away from the tube so travelling should not be a problem. breakfast was in the basement in a small room, which was crowded at times and had to wait before entering and included milk, coffee, 2 type of cereals, bread, butter and ham. - continental breakfast. the only thing which we did not like is that the shower is hanged on the wall very high and can not use the shower as it is fixed. this is not good if you did not want to wash your hair or until…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or345-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Small hotel,, Central location, Good value -  ideal for tourist","Small hotel also mean small rooms, but beds and bathrooms are good.  Just what you need when you only needs some sleep and a shower. Rest of the day you are most likely in the city.  Breakfast is basic  -  toast, cornflakes, youghurt and tee/coffee. 5 Min walk away from Kings Cross Station. Exceelent connections to all over London. Many restaurants around in the area.  Dont expect any luxury but it basic and perfect for tourist who wants to see London and not spend hours in hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or345-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Decent Room, Great Value","My fiance and I went down to London for a few days to visit some friends, and since we didn't intend to spend much time in our hotel we went for a cheap and convenient option. Luckily it turned out well for us.  The hotel is only a few minutes away from King's Cross/St. Pancras, and is a pleasant stroll from Euston too. The room was small, but had lots of little shelves and cubbies to keep things out of the way. Everything was also very clean (I was particularly pleased with how clean the bathroom was), and the staff was friendly and helpful.  We were right by the elevator so we did get a fair amount of traffic, and the second night we had a neighbor who had the volume up on the tv. But overall it served as a great place to spend a little time (mostly sleeping), and at half the…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or345-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Mice,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  I was down in London for a two night business trip and, albeit it was a 2 star hotel, but it was not value for money.    If I had arrived 5 minutes earlier I would have been stuck in a broken down lift.  I felt sorry for the receptionist, who was friendly, however appeared to receive no help via telephone from the manager of the hotel in trying to fix the problem.  The only way the young couple got out is because the guy used to work for an elevator maintenance company.  The walls and carpets appeared very unclean.  The shower allowed for a small trickle of water only.  I had to fill up the kettle with the mug as the sink was too small (not a big issue).  On the second night, I was wakened in the middle of the night by a mouse.  It…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or345-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",In the centre of London,"This is actually not a bad place if all you need is a place to stay and be in an excellent central location to explore the city. Staff are nice and helpful, the rooms are small but clean and the breakfast was fine. It is so close to Kings Cross that from there you can easily explore.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or345-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and great location,"Me and my collegue stayed there 1 night.  Room was very clean and properly heated. In suite bathroom with all amenities. No noise at all during the night and breakfast was more than decent. Staff very friendly. considering average london hotels, I would recommend this one.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or350-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and quite acceptable,"We stayed at this hotel as part of an extremely good value Superbreaks jaunt, so didn't pay the full price. It's very convenient for Kings Cross and St Pancras - a six minute walk pulling suitcases, Reception was friendly and efficient - we were early, but our room was ready and we were able to check in at 1.00pm. We had a room on the third floor overlooking the road outside. It was a small room, but perfectly fine. We had no problems with traffic noise. The decor was in pale, neutral colours, had two windows, shelves and hanging space. We would have liked more coat hangers, and I'm sure we would have been given them if we had asked.The room could have been made better if both beds had got reading lights, and hooks in the bathroom and for coats would have been useful. The…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or350-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good value budget hotel.,"The hotel is very basic,but is idealy located for St Pancras eurostar terminal.I arrived half an hour earlier than the check i time,a room was available quite soon.Room was basic but clean.A bit of noise in the corridor by returning guests.I cant comment on the breakfast as i left very early next morning.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or350-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value budget hotel,"This was a very basic hotel, but that was what I was expecting. The room was clean and the beds comfortable enough. Not too noisy even though we were right opposite the breakfast room. Not much choice for breakfast. The receptionist tried to charge my friend for the room on arrival, although I had already paid online, but was soon cleared up. Good location near kings cross. All in all, good value for a central london hotel. Wouldn't be good if you were after something a bit special.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or350-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Location OK but hotel basic,"I stayed here on Boxing night 2012.  It was a fairly last minute decision when I realised I couldn't travel north from Kings Cross that day.  So, on the plus side it is an easy walk to the station but at £96 it wasn't a bargain.  Carpets need replacing, bed filled the room, had to turn the fridge off as it was noisy and bathroom smelled damp.  However the sheets were fresh and crisp and the towels were fine too.  The breakfast room is depressing, in the basement, no windows, overheated, crowded and the cereal choice was cheap cornflakes or coco pops and the milk may have been UHT.  Wouldn't go back to this one.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or350-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic is an understatement,"We wanted a basic hotel and that is what we got, with knobs on!  We have stayed in hotels all around the world but this one was one of the worst, the only one that was worse than this was in India.  At least in that one we had gekos as room mates, in this one we had mice.  At first glance the room seemed clean enough, but look more closely you will find that the floor has been cleaned only in front of the loo and hand basin.  The edges of the room are very grubby.  The bedding also appeared clean, but only the sheets were, the cover of the quilt on the bed was not only grubby but a little bit smelly.  It seems as though somebody has looked at it and thought it would last another couple of days.  On our last night we decided to bring a take-away back, kebab and chips.  We…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or355-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic facilities, nothing to be excited about.",The rooms are very basic. The floors are dirty and the bedding seems to be clean. The breakfast is very very basic. You can have breakfast with someone practically sitting on ur lap.  Beats a dorm but the hotel around the corner seems better.,Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or355-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,If you want a cheap clean hotel near kings cross then this is it. It is basic but I use the same facilities if I stay in a five star anyway. Ask for a room not facing the noisy main road. Cannot comment on the breakfast as we always prefer to eat out in a pleasant looking cafe on the walk in to the sights,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or355-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ok if you don't mind basic!!,"My room was basic but clean, although the walls could do with a lick of paint. As for a good night sleep it was good until the early morning party goers came back, banging doors and I thought the room above was coming through the ceiling. As for breakfast it was VERY basic with horrible coffee, toast, cereal, ham and cheese. Needless to say I didn't bother on my second morning, instead went to Costa on the main street and Borough Market for breakfast.  If you just want somewhere to crash it isn't bad (I have stayed in worse!!).",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or355-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a good clean,"I was booked in here last minute on a short notice business trip... The rooms were a decent size with amazingly comfy beds however the cleanliness of the room was poor and it was rather cold with drafty windows. That said, the staff were smiley and friendly so that's always nice. Good location too, few minutes walk from Kings Cross. ",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or355-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dusgusting,"1st impressions of this place were 'Ok so you get what you pay for but at least it looked clean' didn't get any sleep due to the very loud noises from nearby rooms (you don't want to know!). One towel provided! Lots of banging around all night, windows jammed shut with a crack and chewing gum holding it together. We didn't sleep a wink, didn't feel very safe here but if all your looking for is a bed and your not fussy then its cheap and has a central location. I personally woudl never stay there again and would not recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or360-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Service - what service?,"You can't expect very much for these rates near Kings Cross. The facilities are going to be a bit tatty and rooms are going to be small but a smile and help are free. The receptionist was surly and I felt I was interrupting what he really wanted to do. I would have accepted one unhelpful person but when breakfast came round the level of service plummeted.  There were three young women who were clearly there to help people. However, they just sat in the background. Whenever any guests entered the breakfast room, they were ignored and all guests that I saw finally decided for themselves that they could sit where they liked. However when they looked for a table they would be very lucky to find one that hadn't been used and so they had to sit with other people's leftovers. During…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or360-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Meeting expectations,"The hotel is inexpensive and certainly should not be compared to 5 star accommodation. That said, I wanted a cheap place to stay, close to St Pancras for one night so I could enjoy a concert at the O2 Arena. The Arriva met and almost exceeded my expectations. On arrival the reception oversee the electrically locked front door and this was manned 24 hours. Receptionist was polite and the reception area clean and tidy. Corridors to our room were clean, adequately decorated and uncluttered and our room and bathroom were to a similar standard. The bedroom was very small but adequate and the room facilities also adequate with tea/coffee making facilities and a clean/adequate toilet, wash basin and shower. TV and its remote controller worked and power sockets were adequate for our…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or360-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",`fine for the price',"staff were all very friendly. I found the rooms to be clean and adequate for our purpose, which was only to sleep there. I did not make it down to breakfast so cannot comment on this! A short walk from Kings Cross station. Was a bit of a trip hazard in the hallway in the form of a hoover, but I found this helpful in locating my room as it was a maze of corridors!  I would stay again as it was fine for the price.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or360-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disgrace,"Phew! Where do I start? We arrived for a 3 night stay at this hotel and were greeted by the most miserable unhelpful receptionist it has been my misfortune to meet. He immediately asked for my debit card to take the cost of stay but I delayed this until I had seen the room. After viewing the room and due to nearby other hotels being full we reluctantly decided to stay. We handed the card over and he took the full cost of the booking. He shoved the key across the desk and said ""breakfast is between 7.30 and 9.30am"", that's it, pleasantries over!  We made our own way to the room (most hotels I have stayed in take you to the room). There was very little storage space but as we were only on a 3 day stay we didn't bring much. Felt sorry for those on a weeks stay! The windows appeared…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or360-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Very, very basic hotel in every way. Small, bathroom, basic bed that just fits into the room, tiny TV, breakfast not served until 7:30am which was too late for me. You get what you pay for so a basic hotel for a basic, no frills price.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or365-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,"yes the rooms are small, yes they are very basic, but we found ours to be adequate for our needs, we came to london to spend time out of rather than in the hotel.  it was clean warm and presentable. yes you had to queue for breakfast but where dont you have to at half term in a capital city?  we had previously stayed in a 5 star in victoria but decided this time i couldnt justify the difference in  costs for the better trappings.  the area was a little rough, but felt comfortable enough with it. so if you come to london to spend more time in the hotel than in the city, go 5 star, if not and you would rather spend the difference in costs on treats out and about then arriva is not to be sniffed at.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or365-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced dump,"Gloomy room, sullen staff, Cracked wash basin, no plug. Filthy bedroom windows which are evidently never cleaned. One thin pillow per bed. On asking for extra pillows, was offered two more, but no pillow cases as receptionist 'couldn't find any'. Told them to try harder. Eventually produced pillow  cases, handed to me to put on pillows. Dining room: hot stuffy, windowless basement. Hopelessly crowded. Choice of only 2 cereals, apparently the cheapest and nastiest available. There would have been yoghurt, but they had run out 'because there were so many people staying' : obviously a total surprise to the staff! One toaster provided for all guests to make their own toast - after queuing for the toaster. A total rip off, even by London standards: avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or365-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Rather spend a little bit more money than to spend horrible time in that hotel,"Do not go there!!!!!!! Hotel is drty, employees are unpleasent and rude. I never had more horrible breakfast. It is very noisy and rooms are tiny. finally, hotel is not so close to the british museum.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or365-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",If you must..,"Stayed here during Olympics for roughly $500 for a week. Couldn't beat the price, but the hotel is very lacking. It is not the ideal place for us ""spoiled"" Americans. No ac, meager breakfast, small even by european standards rooms, and a staff that could really careless. It was a good learning experience for a girl who likes her 5 star hotels.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or365-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Surcharge if not paid in pounds,"Its true that the surcharge for not paying in pounds is  in the contract, but it wasn't apparent to me that this extra charge of 3% or Mastercard use, had not been included when I booked.  It really wasn't made clear in the contract when it stated to pay the in pounds ....  or pay this surcharge.  I'm sure we got a single room it was so tiny.  Had to open the window due to poor ventilation, then had to endure a very noisy neighbourhood boys soccer(?) party and the pleas of a lady neighbour for them to quiet down between midnight and 3AM.. Thin rubber pillows on decent bed.   Cold breakfast in a  basement of inadequate size for number of people.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or370-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Well worth the money,Good value hotel small breakfast room but not in there long good location polite.  Very clean room nice reception staff buses and. Kings cross. All in walking distance as holborn. The strand just a short bus ride away.the guests are  Mostly youngi,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or370-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"Tiny room, poor ventilation. very noisy. The toilet didnt flush was told there was nothing they could do and they didnt seem to care less. disgusting breakfast in a tiny overheated basement. overpriced! The only good thing was that it was only 5 mins from kingscross station. i would never reccomend this place.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or370-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ghastly,"£100 bought a small room, dirty windows, no ventilation, worse than awful ""continental"" breakfast, disinterested reception, ludicrously small shower room, nowhere to store clothes.  Possibly the worst hotel I've ever stayed in - and I've been in some bad ones!",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or370-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel with great location,"I booked a twin room at this hotel for 2 nights for a short trip. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the place was clean and bright.  Our room was situated on the first floor, at the back of the hotel. There was a lift as well as stairs. After reading some reviews about noise from traffic outside I put in a request with the hotel for a quiet room - and that it was, other than perhaps the odd sounds of walking from guests above us on the next floor.  The room wasn't as cramped as many reviews have said on here - perhaps it differs from room to room. We had 2 twin beds, with good colour tv - which worked well with plenty of channels. We also had a fridgefreezer, tea and coffee making facilities with kettle, and hairdryer. and a small open closet for hanging clothing. The…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or370-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good for price,"We staye on a superbreaks trip £120 for train & 2 nights. The location was main reason to stay. Minutes from the station easy access 24/7.  Rooms are small but very clean & beds comfy. Everything you need + a fridge.  Breakfast is enough to keep you going.  This is a value place to stay. If people are critical they need to increase their budget its Idea for those running in their rooms & getting out in london & crashing after a long day.  Its not for those who expect the ritz service for nothing.  Book, stay & enjoy!",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or375-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Nothing special, but good base for a few days in London.","Arrived at the Arriva for a 3 night stay this week. Upon first impression, our room was clean and tidy, kept to a good standard, although maybe a little small. The staff were friendly but after asking on our second day for extra pillows we were told there were none and that house keeping would put some in for us for our final night, no such thing happened. The breakfast was very basic, and not in a good way! There was a small choice of poor quality items available. The hotel's only redeeming quality is the location, but all in all, it wasn't a horrifying place to stay in the least, and (for the most part) suited our needs during our stay. ",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or375-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",My Money's Worth in a Near-Perfect Location,"I really enjoyed my stay at the Arriva Hotel.  First, it is only a 10-minute walk from King's Cross/St. Pancras International Tube/Train Station, as well as the transit hub for several city bus lines.  This part of central London is inner city, but I felt safe at all times.  The Arriva was minutes on foot from great English food as well as ethnic food and small stores to buy food to consume in my room, as well as a Post Office and money exchange establishments.  There is no guest laundry (nor did I locate a laundromat nearby) but there is a nearby dry cleaner that also provides laundry service.  The breakfast buffet, which included ham, cheese, yogurt, juices, and other items, was included in my room contract and served on linen in the basement with the morning news on…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or375-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",OK FOR THE MONEY,"Just stayed at this hotel. Despite previous reviews, we didn't find anything major to complain about. You get what you pay for and if you  just need somewhere to crash after a night out in London, this place is ok. Our room was  at the front and yes, it is a busy road and can be quite noisy. Solution.....shut the windows. We did and the noise was cut down by about 95%.  Lady on reception was very cheerful and also very helpful. Can't comment on the breakfast as we never made it down :)  One thing though, you pay on arrival. Pay with your debit card if you can as there is a 3.5% charge if you pay with a credit card.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or375-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Website very misleading!!!!,"I went on the Arriva hotel website with a view to book one night for myself and my two daughters. The pictures of the rooms looked very neat and clean and as it was during the Olympic period in London, and they had availability, I went ahead and booked. When we arrived at 10 pm at night, exhausted from a long journey, we entered the room to find it vastly different from the pictures on their website. No lovely blue quilts, brown marks on the walls, three cracked tiles in the bathroom, a cheesy smell in the room, curtains falling off the tracks, windows wouldn't close properly, no soap in the shower, kept awake all night by the people above our room.  The room was definitely not the one advertised on their website or anything near to it.  A definite no no, I would not even put my…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or375-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Skip this place,"I didn't do much research when I booked this hotel. I was visiting a friend in London so I just needed a place to crash after a night out. The room was so tiny and had no AC at all, and the worst part was you couldn't even open a window to get any air. They offered us a small fan. The people at the front desk were nice, but it's just a bad place to stay. You can hear people outside from your room, and the breakfast in the morning is simple. It may be cheap but just skip this place.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or380-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, but plain surroundings","Stayed here whilst attending 100 Monkeys gig in London and it was a pleasant stay. The staff were very friendly and even moved us from a double room into a twin room (as we were friends travelling but no twins at time of booking) with no hesitation. I wouldn't say it was worth the amount we paid, but the fact it was convenient and friendly AND in London what can you do? The beds were incredibly comfy and great for napping, albeit in a VERY cramped room. If you don't mind being cozy, its not too bad. Location is great for being near Kings X and Underground, but there are places nearer. One thing I thought was brilliant was the fact that place had a lift, where usually these small establishments don't. I would definitely stay here again, and perhaps sample the breakfast next time,…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or380-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",not a pleasent plae,"We only stayed here as we were going away and it was an early train to brussels. For that reason it was alright, still not good price for the quality £70 odd, luckly we stayed out in london until we only needed to sleep so we didnt have to be in the hotel until absolutley necessary. rooms were clean so i guess it did the job.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or380-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",economy hotel,"I stayed at the Arriva with my daughter for one night.  I can only describe it as an economy hotel, the rooms are very small, but it was clean and had everything we needed just for an overnight stay. I can't comment on the breakfast as we decided to skip this and have breakfast at Mc Donalds which is not far from the hotel.  I will say that the reception staff were very pleasant and very accommodating.  We needed an early check in, which was not a problem for them at all,  also we were not charged any extra for this (which can be the case with some hotels).  If I was in London again for one night then I would stay here as it is very reasonably priced,and ideally situated (short walk from Kings Cross) however if it was for any longer I would look for somewhere that was less basic.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or380-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva no more,"When looking for the hotel in London one should understand that London hotels are of the higher price level than in continental Europe. Arriva had good price, is located near the underground and bus lines, very friendly reception staff. But the room was not properly cleaned, especially carpet and bath. Breakfast was of the very poor quality (low cost supermarket cheese and ham). Breakfast room was opened at 7:30, people waiting in front of the room was not the reason for the kitchen staff to open 5 minutes early, breakfast room was too small. The street is noisy in the morning. If the reason to choose this hotel is the price including a breakfast, look for another accommodation and go for breakfast to any coffee or fast food.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or380-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as that!,"Just returned from London having spent two nights at the Arriva, and we got what we paid for, especially for London prices. I was dreading going to this hotel reading reviews, however upon arrival the receptionist was polite, and we found our room to be simple but clean. It is on a busy road, so can understand the noise of the traffic may be a problem for some rooms at the front, but as our room was at the back and we had the window open we obviously heard the emergency vehicles but it was not a problem. It had all the basic necessities required, as we knew we weren't going to be there all day. Convenient for the Kings Cross + St Pancras railway stations and a good Pub around the corner, doing good pub meals;""Lucas Arms"". For all the negative comments, this wasn't that bad as…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or385-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel I have stayed in,"This has to be the worst Hotel I have stayed in. The room was small,dirty marks on the walls,exposed pipes around the walls. The lighting was poor,very dim, small washbowl in the toilet,one piece of soap about an inch square,no box of  tissues,no shower cap.The phone in the room only accepted incoming calls,no public phone in the Hotel at all.If you did not have a cell phone ,hard luck to make any calls. The nearest phone boxes on the street are all vandalized & do not work. The breakfast was the only fairly good thing .not worth the money at all.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or385-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,When booking the hotel I specifically asked expedia for a cot for my 1 year old. Expedias 'helpful' agent put me on hold 'whilst he phoned the hotel'. Yes no problem was the response. So I turned up with a 4 year old a 1 year old and a pregnant wife to a hotel that initially had neither of our bookings and when they did manage to find us a room informed us the don't offer travel cots. When I asked whether they could ask a local hotel if they could borrow one the useless woman on reception said..........NO. So I was stuck in London with a double bed for 2 adults and 2 children! The hotel wouldn't help and all Expedia wanted to do was charge me an extra £100 to book another hotel to rectify their mistake. During the numerous calls it took Expedia to do nothing we went to a premier…,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or385-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Value Near Kings Cross,"If you need a very basic place to stay near Kings Cross station, then this hotel is a good option.  The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the station.  Our room had all of the basic necessities, but had not been modernised for some time.  The hotel reception was manned 24 hours and happily ordered taxis for us.  The breakfast facilities are basic: juice, hot drinks, tea and yoghurt.  If you plan to have breakfast, arrive at the breakfast room just as it opens in order to secure a seat.  Alternatively, take your breakfast back to your room.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or385-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"Where this small hotel is located the space is sparce. Rooms are incredibly small, yet Arriva will provide that bit of extra space. Breakfast in nearby hotels is spartan. Arriva provides a very generous and filling continental breakfast. Wi Fi is available at a price of £5 per night and day and night staff were quite pleasant. It is also less than 5minutes walk from Kings Cross station",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or385-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Ripped off,"The actual hotel wasn't too bad, typical cheap hotel but they rip you off 100 pounds with their booking system. They charge a 100 puns deposit but they don't take this off your total bill, when I questioned the manager on this they said that it will automatically be refunded to me, it never was. As I live in Australia it is too hard to try and recover this money so I'm down 100 pounds. I would never stay there again",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or390-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute Disgrace of a Hotel 0/10,"We decided to stay in this hotel for 2 nights as the picture looked good and in terms of distance it was a perfect location.  When we arrived the felt room instantly felt claustrophobic and dull,  the bathroom was made for Warick Davis with a dribble for a shower and no door just sliding wood which did not give you any kind of privacy whatsoever!  The walls are paper thin and it has an air of depression about this place - avoid at all costs!!  We could hear 3 rooms down having sex and the breakfast was a joke...... toast and coffee in the basement!  TOTAL RIP OFF.  You could hear the person above you walking around the old creaking floorboards and people walking past every 5 minutes too.  Complained to staff who were disinterested and unhelpful.  Would not put a dog in this…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or390-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",ARRIVA -NIGHTMARE,"Overpriced, suffocatingly small room, in a literal sense since it was impossible to turn off the heating completely, which did leave it suffocating, Did not use breakfast room because long queues at 9.10 and it stopped at 9.30.  WiFi £5 a day too expensive just as well I took my dongle. Corridor constantly almost blocked by laundry (which apart from the aesthetic problem can hardly be even legal were an emergency such as a fire to emerge). We have to visit the same part of London several times within the next year or so but have decided we will not stay at Arriva again. There are much better options in the area .We would have stayed only 1 night but could not as we had to pay upfront for 2 nights. If you go ask for a back room as the front is noisy with traffic all night. We…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or390-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Simple and basic,"Second to last place we stayed at during our Europe trip in May '08. Picked this place for the price and location. It is located a short walk from St. Pancras station, which is where we wound up after taking the Eurostar over from Paris. It was pretty easy to find once we got our bearings straight.  Except for the sign at the front of the hotel, you would hardly know where it is as the building looks similar to the one to either side of it. The lobby is very small as it's basically the check-in desk and a couple of chairs. We got there and waited a little bit as there was a couple of people in front of us. The person checking us in spoke English with a thick accent, but was able to communicate well with them. Got our key and headed up to our room. The room was very small with 2…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or390-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",For the price. You can't go wrong!,"I booked that day before online and got a 50% discount on the walk in price! For 50 quid it felt like a good deal. The place is nothing special, but totally fine and does the job for short term stays near kings cross.",None,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or390-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good for the price,"booked a twin room for me and a friend as was in town for a gig.was very happy with the room,as there was a double and a single bed.very clean and spacious.shower door wouldnt close properly.which made for an interesting shower,but that was the only gripe i had.for the price we paid was very happy,some people just moan about anything!! what do they expect for the price???",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or395-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"Dont stay here.  This hotel is one of the worse I have ever stayed in London. It's a total rip off, the noise is awful, it smells and there are unidentiifed stains on the carpets and walls.  Do yourself a favour and pay the little extra for something better.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or395-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Unsecured Staycation,"My boyfriend and I were celebrating his birthday and our 2 year anniversary.  We both live in London but we're not from London so we thought staying in the heart of the city away from our flats would be nice. It was a fantastic location, particularly as Old Street/Angel is one of our favourite places to go out at night. We also discovered the London Canal Museum which is now one of our favourite places as you can walk along the Canal to Camden Town.  The hotel itself was a decent value for the money, however the hotel staff were next to useless.  They operate on a system where you leave your room key at the front door.  Maybe I'm a bit paranoid, but they don't do any type of check to make sure it's actually your room key you're taking when you come back.  I felt like anyone…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or395-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely horrible, cannot believe we made the unpleasant mistake of staying there.","My personal opinion, don't stay here unles you are absolutely forced to. The web pictures are misleading and thankfully we only stayed for one night (solely due to other hotels in the area being fully booked (London Fashion Week)). In hindsight we should have booked into the other hotel that we had considered miles away near Waterloo (cheaper but one extra star rating and I'm sure 2 more star ratings more in terms of service and comfort) and paid a little extra for the cab ride up to St Pancras the next day. We were absolutely shocked at the standard all round. Breakfast was below most people's standard, the eating area is cramped and the staff are definitely not skilled in any degree of customer service. Don't leave your bags in the baggage area, they do not lock it and anyone…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or395-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Low backpacker standard - go elswhere,I booked this place on price only as I was staying in town for a function.  reception is ok minimum interest by staff who I guess are paid a low rate. the general decor of this place is very tired and in need of a major overhaul. The room I got was tiny but good enough to sleep after a late night.  shower was so small when I  turned round I switched it off. cleanliness was a low standard.  this really is a budget place I paid £42 for the night on a so called special deal.  My opinion is - if you dont need to stay here then dont. simple as that.,Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or395-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Never Again, hotel website misleading and pictures seemed to be of another hotel.","The room  was small dirty, looked like it had not been decorated for 15 years. The window had been painted in the open position and therefore left a 12inch gap open and fixed. The only protection was a secondary double glazed unit which was ineffficent. The heating did not work at all, the fridge stank and was loud, the kettle did not boil prooperly and the lid had broken off. The bathroom - shower base had been mended with expanding foam, it was dirty, the toilet did not flush unless the lid of the cistern was removed and the ball cock adjusted. The shower was ineffective and thankfully we wlft before breakfast. The staff however were pleasant and helpful. I would recommend anybody to give this hotel a wide berth and look for somewhere else. Extemely poor",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or400-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva,"Cheap but shabby. Ask for a quiet room at the back or you will stay awake all night. Breakfast poor but bathroom good and clean room, if tiny. Spend a few pounds more for a room only deal elsewhere and eat at a cheap cafe.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or400-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Never again.,"Tiny cramped room which was dirty. Very rude unwelcoming people all around the hotel, breakfast a sham 2 limp pieces of toast. Tip dont try to spend less on a good nights sleep the noise in and around this hotel is awful!",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or400-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value hotel.,"The small double room was clean and fresh and the shower was excellent.  There were tea/coffee making facilities, a smashing hair dryer, two good sized mirrors, enough clothes storage space, an extra work surface with stool and loads of electrical sockets.  Staff very helpful.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or400-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this Hotel,"This is one of the most horrible hotels i have ever stayed in. When our travel agent booked this hotel he booked it on an avg of 105 GBP per night for 9 days. When we checked in the hotel we faced the following issues. Apart from being a dirty place.  1.	Room heaters are not working 2.	Water quality in bathroom  is bad, We saw black particles comming out of the tap.  3.	Malfunctioning lights 4.	No locker facility 5.	Room cannot be fully locked from inside. 6.	Very basic breakfast- does only include toasted bread, juice  we complained to the manager and wanted to cancel the hotel but they still charged us 2 night of stay as per cancellation policy. But one thing i must appreciate is the courtsey of the staff who were very good and they did shift us to a better room.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or400-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"Have stayed at the hotel in the past and been unimpressed. However on my most recent vieit it was obvious that the first floor room had recently been refurbished and was tastefully decorated.  Couldn't fault it for the price and location near the mainline stations. Bathroom adequately appointed. Checking in and out went smoothly, no problem with noise, and the staff were pleasant enough. The view wasn't anything to write home about but it was dark most of the time I was there anyway. Breakfast room is too small and a bit basic but the food was good enough. Good value for the odd night.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or405-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, dirty, dirty","Although location is convenient from King's cross, actual hotel is a rat hole. Filth is a key moto in the owner's service policy and there's abundance of it: filthy carpets (didn't dare walk barefoot), hairs from previous clients, suspicious spots on the bed sheets, and more. Oh - avoid the rooms in the basement, where you stay next to the dirty laundry room and the kitchen (same price as rest of hotel...).",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or405-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","You get what you pay, worth it all!",After reading the reviews I was a bit apprehensive about our stay however on arrival was greeted by a friendly receptionist and given directions to the room which was clean and tidy with no signs of damp or mice as previous reviews had said! We went to venture out and when we asked for directions the receptionist printed out a map for us and showed us the way to go! The reception area is manned through out the night so doesn't matter what time you return if you go out! The hotel is a 2* hotel it is also very cheap and so I think when booking you need to bare this in mind! I personally would stay again if visiting London! ,Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or405-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The worst of our three stays in London,"We stayed at the Crestfield (just fine!), then the Thistle in Bloomsbury, then Arriva, all between arrival in London on 17 August and departure on 18 September.  Between the last two, Thistle wins by a nose for worst (and most expensive -- GBP100 per day and NO breakfast), but Arriva is pretty terrible redeemed only by helpful staff.The desk said it could not help but we could lodge our comments on-line -- only there is no link for that on Arriva's own site! (1) Our room had two cups but only one saucer and teaspoon. (2) The toilet seat was in a highly unsanitary state because of shoddy attachment that  had caused its enamel to crack.  This was fixed. (3) The water-supply tap to the toilet was in a precarious state (wrongly fitted flexible hose, clearly starting to leak and…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or405-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A bargain during off-peak season,"The hotel is near to King's Cross station. The room is clean and of a reasonable size. However, the bathroom [shower area] is too small. We could hardly turn around to get the shower foam while bathing. It is over-priced during peak season but could be a bargain during off-peak in comparison to other B&Bs around the area.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or405-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"The Arriva hotel was in perfect location just 5min.from King's Cross station. Room I booked was single and they gave me a double for the same price. I must say my room was very clean and newly refurbished The staff were helpful and friendly. The breakfast was good althought there was only a choice of corn flakes or choco rice,toasted bread.  Jana",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or410-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, pleasant stay","Been there in July '11, stayed for three nights. Staff is helpful, room is clean and tidy. Guy on the reception helped me to find a particular shop I was searching for and printed a map. Wiew from the window is not very nice but I doubt there are hotels with better views in this area. Prices could be lower but again it was the cheapest hotel on booking.com when I was looking for accomodation. Overall rating - 9/10",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or410-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Cool staff, nice rooms, good location","Nice receptionists, all very helpful, didn't expect much help and advice from 2 star hotel reception so was nicely surprised ) Rooms seems to be recently updated, small TV but flat screen though. Location was very convenient for us, British museum and British Library in 15 mins walk, although EuroStar in aprox 8 mins walk as we travelled to Brussels after.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or410-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Breakfast.,"Stayed here for one night with my daughter. First impression on walkin through the door was 'this looks a bit grubby & dated'. Check-in was easy.  The room was fairly clean overall but could have done with a new carpet. The en-suite bathroom was cleaned to a good standard. The bed was really comfy but could have benefitted from another couple of pillows. The floor boards in the room above were really squeaky & woke us up quite early which was quite annoying. Breakfast was poor & consisted of cheap cereals, cheese, cheap looking ham, yoghurts & toast, the 'dining room' was in the basement & was very chlostraphobic with no pictures or homely feel at all, it was also not big enough as people were having to queue in the corridor to wait for an available table. The location of the…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or410-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Smelly, cramped - won`t be back.","Location was great walking distance to Kings Cross and Pancras Train Station. But that is the only good thing I can say. Found out on check-in that 3.5% will be added to bill if you use a credit card for payment. We had booked 2 rooms, as we have 2 teenage boys. Rooms were extermely small. Couldn`t open suitcase unless I placed it on the bed. Couldn`t hang up clothes as only space for suitcase was in closet area. No drawers. Very cramped- the entire hotel smelled old, musty and moldy. Breakfast was toast, jam, yougut, cold ham, cheese and cold cereal. Breakfast room very small and difficult to move around in. Guests had to take turns to eat. If I could have found other accommodations, I would not have stayed. Will not book there again.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or410-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good Connections for Eurostar,On arrival we were met by a very helpful and polite reception. Our room was very spacious and Clean. ( Number 40). Plenty of tea and coffee. Only draw back was that the included breakfast is only available from 7-30am. Not far away there is a pub that provides very adequate meals.,Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or415-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know what the fuss is about - my stay was perfectly fine,"After reading a good number of the reviews only AFTER I had booked it, I feared the worse. So I arrived at the hotel with my expectations very low. I think some of the reviews haven't really factored in that it has a 2-star rating... So my overall rating was based on this. I have stayed in 4 & 5 star hotels in the past, and you just have to adjust your expectations accordingly. If some reviewers received a poor service though, this is fair enough.  I was down on business for 3 nights, so really I was just needing a bed & place to wash. My double room was on the first floor at the back of the hotel. So although the window was single-glazed, I wasn't disturbed by noise at night (and I'm a light sleeper!). Saying that I was only staying mid-week.  The room, although not large was…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or415-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Like a doss house; only worse!,"Arrived, couldn't check in, when the right staff member arrived the booking was wrong and there was no desire to correct it. Finally looked at the room, frankly I wouldn't let my dog stay in it so promptly walked out and stayed in the local Travel Lodge which was excellent. If you wish to torture yourself, stay at the Arriva",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or415-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",noisy and old,slept very badly cause windows are too thin and the street very noisy with traffic.....go away,Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or415-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",We won't be staying here again.,"Booked for a Saturday night as we couldn't get a room anywhere else locally at the same price.  We had to leave at around 7.00 so weren't able to take the breakfast and we weren't offered anything as a substitute, not even a roll and butter.  The room was the oddest we've ever stayed in. The bedhead was against a radiator which, in turn, was against one of the original glazed front doors of the terrace. We were sleeping in the old hall way. Traffic noise at night was loud. The room was fairly clean but the furnishings were very sad and the duvet cover was faded and had cigarette burns.  The room cost us £50 per head for the night. I'd rather have slept on a bench at St Pancras and saved the hundred pounds.  Never again.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or415-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Make no mistake this is very much a 'budget' hotel,"I stayed at the Arriva Hotel in June for a one night business trip to London.  The hotel was booked the day prior to arrival and charged at £80 per night with a very good overall description on booking.com  My expectations were not that high but I was very dissapointed in the room which was in the basement, very shabby and sparesley furnished though the bedding and towels looked clean. The bed was the worst I have experienced in many years of business travel with the springs nearly coming out of the mattress. The TV was so high up on the wall that it was barely visible and the picture kept going off. The shower room was clean but the water from the shower was barely a trickle. I didn't take breakfast as I had to leave early for a meeting before 7.30 am when continental breakfast…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or420-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Fine For overnight Stays,"We stayed overnight prior to catching eurostar, with some misgivings given the reasonable cost (£45). i have to say that  we were pleasantly suprised. Staff were friendly our room was clean and there had obviously some fairly recent redecoration. the breakfast was basic but adequate. Ok for an overnight stop perhaps not for an extended stay.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or420-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Only stay if last resort,"I read a lot of bad reviews about this place but as it was the only hotel not fully booked in my price range I thought I'd stay anyway and maybe the people reviewing were just being fussy....they weren't. We got to the hotel early so we left our bags in the ""luggage room"". More like a room full of boxes and other rubbish they can't find places for. We didn't have to check them in and were just told to put them in the room along with everyone elses. The room was dirty. The bathroom had grime around the edges of the fixtures, there was damp on the walls, stains on the bedding and wallpaper coming away.  When you flushed the toilet it would let out a high pitched squealing noise for a few minutes. Not good if you need to go when others are asleep. When we went to get breakfast…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or420-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!!!! If this is all that is available - stay at home.,"My daughter, granddaughter and myself stayed here for one night as it wasa my granddaughter's birthday and we took her to London for a treat.  Arrived at ""hotel"" at about one and was told that room would not be ready until two o'clock, which was fine, so we left our luggage in luggage room and headed out for the day.  We returned to hotel at about 10.30 that evening and were given keys to our rooms, or in my daughter's case, her cell!!!  It was in the basement with a grille on the window and the fire escape outside (although how she was supposed to get out to this is a mystery with the grilles on the window!).  She didn't realise this until next morning as it was dark when we got back.  Actually she didn't even know sun had risen as it was so dark and dingy!! My room was on…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or420-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",In need of some TLC !!,"Spent two nights in the Arriva for a short leisure break and although the hotel is tired and drab, we found it clean and basic.  Our room was facing the street which we thought would be fairly quiet, however, traffic continued rumbling loudly past all through the night.  The room was warm and needed winows open so couldn't escape the outside noise.  The bed was comfy but no real space and presume the wardrobe has no door was to save room in not having to open one!!  The bathroom was adequate but if you are of a larger build space could be very tight.....  In all, we were there to sleep off the days sightseeing which was thoroughly enjoyable and as we were so tired by the end of the day, it was very welcoming.The dining room is down in the basement and their idea of ""continental""…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or420-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Sleepless night- not good enough,"Me and my friend stayed one night as we had an early trip to France from st pancreas the next day, we asked the travel agent to book us in a hotel close to the station  and were assured this one was the closest, we actually passed a premier inn  and travel lodge that we both closer than this hotel. When arriving the man was short and we were told where our room was and also told it was a 24 hour hotel. On arrival into our room we found our window looked onto the road and had no lock what so ever so anyone could come it (it was a large bay window and was open on arrival. Also our room was positioned next door to a staff bathroom so we had the reception talking all night and the handryers goin off as well had 2 hours sleep only. It was horrific. Go to travel lodge",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or425-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Reliably, consistently, average - Good Location","I nearly always head to Kings Cross whenever i am in London, as its fairly central and has a lot of cheap accommodation.  Checked out a couple of different hotels online, but they were either more expensive or didnt have ensuite facilities.  Ended up at the Arriva again, at 45£ for a single ensuite with Continental Breakfast. Stayed here before and it doesnt change much, but its always good value and clean.  On this occassion i had no hot water in the moring, and i overheard someone at breakfast saying they had not had it for 4 days.  The location is less than 10 mins walk from Kings Cross Station, and as it is so consistent i would probably go back again.  Note i booked with Booking.com, but the hotels tried to charge me an extra 3.5 % on top becuase i was paying by credit…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or425-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great value and convenient location.,"I used various comparison sites and found this Hotel was approx. 50% cheaper than most competitors by the time I made the booking. We only needed a room for the night before catching Eurostar from St Pancras so were prepared for some of the negative points in previous reviews but it was actually very good. The man on reception was very welcoming and the room, although small, was clean and more than adequate for our needs. The breakfast was fine and the staff friendly. The Hotel was only a short  walk to the Station. Next time we use Eurostar, Arriva will be our first choice Hotel.",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or425-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",mixed blessing,"Good points:  They allow baggage to be kept in a dedicated baggage room after checking out at 11am (to be picked up later) which was helpful. Hotel has an elevator. Rooms are clean. Some nice staff.  Bad points/experiences:  We stayed 7 nights.  First room We had asked for a quiet room but were given an extremely noisy and overheated room facing the street where we had to stay for two nights since no other room was available (no apologies were made). The second room was very small with a tiny fridge and a shower that didn't allow proper washing (very thin water jets coming from high above, making a quick cleansing or washing between one's legs nigh-impossible).  The windows rattled at every gust of wind and had to be fixed by us with toilet paper/cardboard. The door could not be…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or425-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a night or two before the trips from St. Pancras/Kings X or Euston,"We stayed at Arriva Hotel for two nights in January 2011. We needed a place to stay within walking distance from  Euston and Kings X Stations as on the first and second days we had trains at about 5.30 am and 7 am. We paid for a twin room 69 pounds (in total for two persons). By the way, if you don't pay in cash, an extra 3,5% of the amount will be charged. We had a room on the first floor.  Pros: - Perfect location just 10 min walk from St. Pancras/Kings X Stations and 20 min walk from Euston Station. Cons: - Noise - you hear absolutely everything from the neighbor rooms and from the street. - Old furniture and old beds.  My opinion - if you need just a place to stay before your train from the mentioned three stations and are not going to stay in the hotel for a long time, it's…",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or425-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Go to Travelodge instead!,"Let me list the notable things about our room: 1. Steps down into the room - we didn't know about this, there was no warning and the receptionist said nothing, so my friend promptly fell down them onto the floor, narrowly missing the wardrobe which was straight ahead. Fortunately she didn't injure herself. 2. Kettle was too small to fit into the sink to fill, had to fill with cups provided. 3. Smoke alarm was fixed, but covered in polythene like it was brand new. 4. Drafty door in the corner disguised as a window with bed pushed up against it, the head board leaning free against the door. 5. Hotel on main road, our room was on that side.  Traffic picked up around 5am and was quite niosy. 6.Breakfast room smells strange, no windows and staff were not talkative, food was basic…",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or430-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"The term ""student accommodation"" would be unfair to use here as I would be insulting Student Accommodation! I will never stay in this run-down HOLE again and I would strongly advise all other travellers to STAY AWAY. Extremely expensive for dire conditions!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or430-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Good value but no hot water at ""peak"" times...","Stayed for 6 nights at the beginning of December.  Location was excellent, fifteen minute walk from Euston with lots of shops and restaurants nearby. Room was small, but comfortable. A little noisy as our room faced the front of the hotel. Breakfast was limited but pleasant and overall, the hotel is good value for money. I found staff friendly but there is a major issue with the hot water running out at certain times, mostly in the morning when most are getting up for breakfast. If you shower at night or after 11am, there wasn't much of a problem.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or430-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","No Hot Water, Inconsistent Treatment to Customers & Poor Attitude from the Management","When we first discovered that there was no hot water from the shower, we were told that the boiler had just been re-started and hot water should be available in a short while. After 30 minutes there was still no sign of hot water. We called up the reception again and this time he said that there was a problem with the system and he wasn’t sure how long it would take to resolve. My husband and I were running late for work at this point and decided to leave. We requested for a partial refund as the amenity did not match our booking description and/or the basic provision of a 2-star hotel. The reception explained that he was not authorized to offer any refund and instructed us to write to his manager to request for a refund. However we saw him offering an immediate refund to a lady…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or430-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but this is no frills accomodation,"We stayed at the Arriva for one night as it was very convenient for St Pancras Station, only a 15 minute walk away. The room was pretty cramped with 2 beds, my sister and I had to squeeze around each other as there was not much room and a tiny shower room,seemed clean but a bit dated. There was a TV but it was postitioned so high up on the wall you had to crane your neck to watch it ! It cost £65 for one night, for the size it really wasn't worth the money at all.  If you need somewhere close to the station and just rest your head this would suffice,  but if you want a room you are spending time in to relax etc, I would look elsewhere.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or430-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money fab location,"When I read the reviews on this hotel we were dreading going, but we were pleasantly surprised.  On our arrival at 11.20am we were greeted by a very friendly face who told us we could keep our luggage until we checked in at 2.00pm. I cannot comment on the dining room and the food as we did'nt use it but the rooms were very clean and tidy, they were cleaned daily.  We also had a problem with our sink and because they couldnt fix it they changed our room immediately. The location of the hotel was great walking distance to all major routes. Really enjoyed our stay will book for our trip next time. Thanks guys",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or435-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",absolute value for money,"room was cleaned daily,really good helpful staff no problems at all 100% value for money",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or435-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Be realistic people!!,"We have just returned from a two night stay at the Arriva hotel, and from reading the reviews on here I was dreading going, then we arrived at Euston train station to be told it was quicker to walk than get on the tube, it took 10 mins at most. upon arrival I was suprised the reception was very clean we were greated with a smile and we were given our room, which in my opinion was the worst situated room in the whole building it was on the ground floor next to the toilet, lift, and breakfast room ,number 33. However, even with all these things it didnt bother us, the room was clean tidy the fridge and tv worked, the bed only had two pillows on it so I asked for some more at reception and they brought them to me about 10mins later, the bed wasn't very comfy that is probably my…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or435-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Hotel - Would not recommend,"On my way to DisneyLand with my sister, we stopped off at the Arriva for one night on the way there and one night on the way back. The hotel itself is very small and does have quite an old musty smell - complete with disgusting carpet. The rooms were very basic and the beds were small, hard and uncomfortable with a single sheet on top. The cups given with the basic coffee/tea set had coffee stains in the bottom and clearly hadn't been washed. There wasn't much room to swing a cat despite the fact that my sister who I was travelling with, had a physical disability and found it difficult to move around. The bathroom was probably the best thing about the hotel and it was clean and quite new. Breakfast had alot to be desired - it was served on the basement floor in a tidy room with…",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or435-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",We wouldn't stay there again,"We selected this hotel because of its proximity to the train station.  We had a reservation but were given a room on the basement floor, which meant that we did not feel we could leave our window open because someone could enter the room from outside the hotel.  The room was very small and rather uncomfortable.  When we attempted to place an outside call, the desk clerk informed us that not outside calls could be placed from the hotel.  The hotel was able to store our luggage following check-out, but the room in which luggage was stored did not appear very secure.  We definitely would not stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone else.",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or435-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",What is all the fuss about?,"I stayed one night at the Hotel Arriva and found it clean, functional, easy to find, clean and a bargain when considering London hotel prices. I paid £75 for one night with B&B for me and my wife. I looked at the many reviews and didn't see why there was so much negativity. To me it was a pit stop for an overnight sleep plus a rest in the late afternoon after a day sightseeing before going out for a meal. You are a 10 minute walk from St Pancras / Kings Cross Underfround and the Piccadily Line straight into central London. That has to be a plus. I will use it again but I not sure whether I am ready for the busy, noisy and expensive London as yet, but that's another story.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or440-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but compact - shame about breakfast and cust service,We stayed here for one night in Mid August.  We arrive at 5pm and i wouldnt say we were welcomed exactly. We were told breakfast was until 9.30am which we thought was early for a weekend (and it turned out to be until 10am).   The room and bathroom were both clean so no complaints there. The room was small as was the shower room but it was fine for one night.   The TV and fridge both worked but the hairdryer gave up after a few mins. The bed was clean and comfortable but the room was hot and there was no air circulating. We did leave the window open and the 'view' was the back of some dodgy looking flats and then looking down onto the dumping area for the hotel - old beds and TV's etc.   Breakfast was in a tiny room in the basement that at 9am was very busy (presumably because…,Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or440-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good value and very clean","We were concerned about our two night stay when we read other reviews so we were pleasantly surprised to be shown a clean, comfortable room with a modern bathroom and a window which opened.  Other luxuries such as a fridge and tv which worked were an unexpected bonus.  Staff were friendly and helpful, breakfast was served on time which was important to us as we were catching an early Eurostar at St Pancras.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or440-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs - DO NOT chance it like we did!!!,"Arriva Hotel has received endless poor reviews from its customers and stupidly we decided to give it a chance ... BIG mistake!!! First, there is no air conditioning and not much air circulation! Second, our t.v. was not working and we had just had a full day of travelling and wanted to lie low and watch some t.v. and the staff had no idea how to fix it. The guy at reception told us to speak to the lady in the morning and she would give us a £10-20.00 discount! Well she didn't! And when we asked to speak to the manager she told us not to bother because the manager would not give a discount either because we only stayed 1 night! I am sorry but 1 night or 7 nights, we payed for the services that were listed online and the amount of time stayed should not have affected this! Now,…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or440-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Total Crap,"I stayed in this hotel with my client in a double room.  We have travelled to London in business purpose. I dont recomend you this hotel. Rooms were very small. We have felt like in prison. There was a lot of bad smell from bed. We were lucky we have slept.  The tV didnt work properly. Bathroom is so small that you cannot move, and you dont have possibility to lock yourself inside. Breakfast was so poor. They give you two slices of bread, two slices of ham  and cheese. I was starving after this breakfast. Everything was bad in this hotel. I have been in many hotels and i have never seen hotel like this. Stay away from this place.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or440-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst Hotels in London,"Unfriendly staff, small stuffy rooms, totally agree with the other comments. DO NOT STAY HERE!",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or445-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Stay here only for proximity to King's Cross Station,"Pros: 1. Proximity to King's Cross station; just 3-4 minutes walk 2.  tidy 3. TV though small worked and so does the remote. There was even a small refrigerator in the room. 4. Not exactly value for money; but its ok.  Cons:  1. Too small a room. If you have claustrophobia, please refrain from booking here. A bed is all the room can accomodate. the space around the bed is not good for even to walk around.  2. Washroom: The shower cubicle inside the washroom can only accomodate a person standing in attention; was difficult to even soap up. 3. Staff: They badly need a lesson or two on customer service. Little warmth and very formal. Lady staff in the breakfast room (in the basement) were worst of the lot. 4. Breakfast is included in the price. But trust me, it was one of the worst…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or445-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is a dump,When we arrived we were greeted by a very sour faced individual. When we saw the rooms we had booked we were shocked at how basic they were. The furniture was shabby and of poor quality. None of us slept well because the bedding was so poor. My Duvet cover was not very clean. The view from the window was onto waste land with discarded mattresses. Because we were travelling by Eurostar from St Pancras on the 8.30am to Brussels (check in is 7.30am) We requested breakfast at 7am but were told that was not possible even though we had paid for breakfast. We paid over £85.00 per room which was a complete rip off bearing in mind the poor quality and shoddy service. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.,Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or445-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",so so,hotel was in a good location for king cross station and  st pancras but the double room we booked was tiny and we only had 3 pillows forn a double bed. the bathroom was more like a cupboard it was tiny it was so small you could have a shower whilst sitting on the toilet.,Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or445-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, Dingy, Disgusting - Don't stay here","First room we were given was in the basement, the window didn't shut and you could gain access off the street via the outside stairs. Changed room which was more revolting but at least the windows which were smashed were taped up with sticky tape so passers by could just pop in! I have never stayed anywhere so revolting. Not worth 75p to stay let alone £75!",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or445-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","One big window, with one half curtain","As I checked into the hotel my first thoughts were yeah it looks ok just a bit basic. I was giving the key to my room and when I opened the door the one curtain caught my eye as soon as I walked in the room, It was actually half the size of the window. It was even worse as my room was looking out onto the busy street! Also you need to like either cheese and ham or cheap cereal  if you don't no breakfast for you!",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or450-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, lumpy bed, but good location.","Stayed May 2010 Staff was polite and at times helpful, sheets are clean and changed daily.  l don't think they wash the comforter cover though as it looked dirty. The floor had a very badly stained dark blue rug over what seemed to be cement. The bed was very lumpy. The bathroom looked clean but when the floor got wet by the toilet, the smell of urine was very noticable. On the last day of the stay a little brown bug was found crawling on the sheets. I never had any bites but it made me very nervous that I would bring home bed bugs which are extremly difficult to get rid of. Windows were not secure and the street side is very noisy. They turn off the heat during the night to save money and they charge you 3.5% extra if you pay the balance of your hotel bill with a credit card.…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or450-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap and nasty, dont stay unless no where else available","Just got back from stay at Arriva, chose somewhere close to KingsCross after reading reviews and wanted something on a budget as booked a last minute deal. On our arrival, found bookling in to our room ok but a bit slow. Got to our room and yes, it was really basic and very small.  There was a phone socket loose from the wall with all the wires showing, not a good sign, but thought not going to be spending much time in our our room. only to sleep in.  When checked bed, there was only 2 pillows on a double which were really flat, when we left for our night out, asked the receptionist for 2 more pillows and he said they would be in room when we get back.  On our arrival back somewhat 6 hours later, asked if pillows had been put in room, was given a vacant look and answer, after a…",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or450-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Well, I'm sure there are worse hotels somewhere....","We paid over £100 for a single night to sleep in a tiny hotel room in the basement. I was prepared for the space issue, having read other reviews on here, however I thought it would be made up in some way with cleanliness or service. We were unable to get breakfast the next morning as their dining is also tiny and after waiting for a table for an hour we just decided to leave. Of course, there was no mention at reception about this. Our shower was broken, which made the morning after a long night out a bit unpleasant. I feel like we were pretty ripped off, especially when I saw a sign at Travelodge for £19 rooms just up the road. I wouldnt recommend this to anyone.",Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or450-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel I have ever stayed in - DON'T GO!!!,It's just horrible. Tiny room. Needs decorating. Filthy windows. Desperate for new carpet. Minute shower room. Kettle won't fit under tap. Plates instead of saucers to go with cups! NO bedside table!!!!!!!!! Every noise and creak heard from other rooms. Inadequate pillows. OK it's a budget hotel but all others I have stayed in were far better for less cost! Shocking breakfast - basically cornflakes and toast !!!,Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or450-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value but tiny rooms,"Stayed here overnight in order to get early Eurostar.  The place was clean but the room we had was the smallest I've ever seen. The bathroom and shower were tiny as well - don't drop the soap or you will not be able to pick it up again.  Paid £55 but the front desk wanted to add 3.5% credit card charge based on rack rate of £110 - after 5 minutes of debating this I gave up and paid.  Breakfast is not served until 07:30, so we missed it.  I'll be back, but only because it was cheap and clean.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or455-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money,"Hotel “Arriva” is located in a very comfortable area. It is 7 minute away from King’s Cross station. I had a chance to stay in a bright, cosy, small room. The bathroom , what is essential for women (especially), was very cleaned. Towels had been changed every day.  The staff in the hotel are helpful and friendly. In a short period of time they satisfied me, with all my needs (as hair dryer, socket extension, taxi, maps, necessary info for tourist). It was good value for money. I would definitely recommend it.",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or455-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money in a convenient location,"We were going to London for the weekend (2 couples) and wanted somewhere to stay that wouldn't break the bank but would be convenient and comfortable to crash after our night out.  If we hadn't stayed here we probably would have stayed in a Travelodge, but this was actually cheaper, and had better reviews.  We paid £55 per room which included continental breakfast.  The Arriva Hotel is a short walk from King's Cross Station and St. Pancras International.  The room was basic as you would expect for this type of rate, and quite small, but very clean.  The toilet and shower room was very clean too.  There was a hairdryer in the room and a wardrobe in which to hang your clothes.  I would recommend this to somebody looking for a cheap place to stay whilst visiting London.  Obviously…",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or455-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"Our previous experiences of  budget  hotels in London have been a bit negative, but as we begrudge paying large sums for a room for just 12 hours we used Booking.com to find a good deal for an ensuite room near KX station. The Arriva is 3 blocks away. The room was on the small side but clean, as was the bathroom. The bed was comfortable. Staff were efficient and well presented. The continental breakfast although unpretentious was perfectly adequate, and the  coffee was good.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or455-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap Accommodation close to Kings Cross,"I selected this because it is walking distance from Kings Cross Railway and Tube Station. At night time you can hop onto the tube and Leicester Square is only 4 stops away.  Hotel is budget accommodation with small rooms, but i did find it clean. I paid 50£ for a twin room with breakfast. Good value.  Breakfast is basic continental, but fills a hole.  I think if i was coming again i would look elsewhere, but would not be too disappointed if i ended up back here.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or455-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Close to Chunnell train,A 2 star hotel which had a tiny room  walking distance to KIngs Cross and St. Pancreus Station.  The Bathroom was  fairly new. and clean.  No telephone.  Breakfast was fine. Bed covers a little worn.  Not enough light..  A internet  rate that was very resonable for London.  The tube is at KIngs Cross.  The man at desk at night was quite helpful.,Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or460-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here unless desperate or broke,"It's a filthy hotel.  The staff have no attitude for hospitality and appear to have no idea about London, which was a real problem for us.   As a result of the Arriva Hotel's incompetence, we had a transfer booked to 'Stansted' Airport, instead of Heathrow Airport. This resulted in us missing our flight and having to pay a lot of money for new tickets and overnight accommodation to fly out the following day.  The guy on reception didn't know how to book this transfer.    The rooms aren't clean and the beds aren't comfortable. But if you're on a budget, or desperate, then stay here at your own risk. Just don't trust the staff to do anything for you or give you the right directions, or disinfect the toilet etc etc. You will need to do all of that yourself.   And, I wouldn't eat…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or460-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent hotel for your stay,"The hotel is located at a 5 to 10 min walk from Euston and King's Cross Tube stations. The Hotel is Pretty good and the front desk people arr soo good in solving all of my problems what i had in my stay of 7 days.  I had been from India to this hotel and found very worthy for my money. The hotel got many attractions around as it is located in central London. All the areas like Oxford circus, piccalilly circus, soho, camedon town and lots London attractions are very near.                         The hotel has 24 hrs front desk where a man is continuously seated for the safety of guests. The main advantage of this hotel is it got many pubs and bars near it and more over food restaurants and grocery shops around it.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or460-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Run AWAAAAAAAAY! Really. It is THAT BAD.,"If you simply cannot find another place to stay... then, change your travel dates until somewhere else is available!  Honestly. We stayed here four years ago for our wedding anniversary, and the experience was so bad that we feel the need to write a review so others do not make the same mistake we did. We wanted somewhere near Kings Cross (this ""hotel's"" only positive feature); though the hotel is fairly inexpensive, it is still a waste of money!   The breakfast was basic. The service was almost non-existent. The room was dirtier than any we have seen. Take our advice, and the advice of hundreds of others... pay a bit extra to stay in a hotel that is not damp, dingy, and dirty (we had to request -- ie. demand -- ""new"" bedding upon arrival.... you don't want to know the filth we…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or460-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T EVER HERE STAY,"Following a late event, I booked a room at Arriva Hotel which was already supposed to be paid for by the company credit card before my stay. My collague had emailed confirmation of payment before hand to ensure this was taken care of so I didn't have to worry. I turned up at the hotel to be greeted (or not) by a very angry and quite aggresive male receptionist who demanded my payment there and then to stay the night. Even after I explained the details and showed him confirmation, he still wanted payment and made me feeling really uncomfortable and I bit scared to be honest. I therefore paid the money but I really didn''t want to stay here that night but because it was late, I thought I would just try to sleep and leave as early as possible. I phoned the hotel in the morning to…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or460-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay in a good location,"We stayed here for 3 nights; the hotel is located in a good location just 3 minutes walk from King's Cross- sant Pancras tube station and this allows the hotel to recover point. Breakfast was continental, but in good quantity. Probable the cantine is a bit small for the hotel but we always found a table to seat. Check in desk was fine but the guys did't give us so many information. I love London and I think this is a good place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or465-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",the worst 'hotel' I have ever had the misfortune to stay in,"To start with the (only) positives: the Arriva was somewhere handy (for King's Cross / Euston) to lay our heads overnight, was reasonably clean, and was unfazed by our late arrival (after midnight). That said, it was a Fawlty-Towers-type experience (without the humour) which I do not wish to repeat.  I had emphasised in the booking that it was conditional on there being a functioning lift as stairs would be a problem to us, and asked that if there was no functioning lift the management contact us. No contact received other than a confirmation of the booking - and when we arrived we found we were in a basement room (down stairs). On enquiring about the lift we were told, offhandedly, that it was 'out of order'. No apology. When I said that this posed a problem I was told 'Oh,…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or465-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Mice!,"The location is great only a few minutes walk from Kings Cross tube and train stations, and  the front desk guy was very helpful and efficient. I checked in to a room on the street which was noisy, but it was O.K overall with a TV and a fridge. But that night I saw a mouse that did not look too scared of me as it eyed me for a few secinds then walked casually and disappeared into the bathroom! I complained and got moved to another room looking at the back, which was quieter, but I saw another mouse which was even bigger than the first. I forced myself to ignore it and slept, then checked out the next morning cancelling three more days I originally intended to stay.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or465-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Never Stay Here,First ov all we arrived at the hotel from outside and the reception was ok but that was the only thing what was. the guy on recepion looked like he didnt have a clue what he was on about he wanted cash up front and tried to over charge us until we pulled him up that he hadnt give us our change. He said the lift was out of order for that night which was a lie as we read reviews before we went there an someone said back then the lift was out of order and that was in feb 2009 so it wasnt just for a night. we was on the top floor and had to carry several luggage up there a pram and an old woman who can hardly walk. when we was there a woman came down to ask for an extra pillow and he said no not tonight he had no intentions to provide her with one at all. When we finally got up to…,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or465-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",There are better,"Tiny room, not the cleanest. Very low pressure in the shower. Had to queue up for the breakfast (the dining room was too small to fit all guests), poor breakfast anyway. We had to call the police one night due to violent action in a nearby room.",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or465-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva Hotel for location and value.,"Positives: Great location - 5 minutes from Kings Cross St Pancras tube and railway stations. Newly installed security cameras. Overall, I found the staff responsive to my needs. The room was medium/small in size, but heaps bigger then some of the places I looked at. The was a remote controlled television, fridge, phone, hairdryer and tea/coffee facilities in the room. The bathroom looked like it had been newly renovated. Soap and shampoo provided. The room was cleaned each day with fresh towels provided. Breakfast was included in the price. This consisted of cereal, toast with jams/cold meat/cheese, juice, and tea/coffee. The breakfast room gets quite busy towards the end of service, so I suggest get down there earlier. I did not see any mice. Negatives: Although the sheets were…",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or470-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible: don't stay here,"I didn't book this hotel, but had I read the reviews on this site first, I wouldn't have. A friend of mine gave me the bad news after I had said where I was saying, and in most cases, the reality was equal or slightly worse than the reviews. I didn't experience rodents in the room as other users seem to have, but the room was just horrible, small, poorly decorated, uncomfortable bed, an array of bizarre wall mounted phone equipment hooked together with trunking runnning up and down the walls. There was a ""modern"" wardrobe there, but it was a token gesture, given the rest of the room. The miniscule shower room was tiled (didn't take many floor tiles to achieve this, obviously). The shower itself was OK, but underpowered. So underwelmed, didn't try breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or470-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful place please think very hard before you book!,"Badly needs overhauling and renovating, reception not very helpful. Definately do not take children with you.",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or470-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Wont go back,Four of us arrived after short walk from Kings cross station. Hotel looked nice from outside . Receptionist was not very friendly and did not seem to care . All rooms were pretty cramped although they did have a fridge in them. In one room  friend got woken up  every so often with fridge vibrating against the bed. Two of the rooms were front facing \9 onto the street and could be noisy with traffic. The two rear facing rooms were a delight !! If you like to watch drunks fighting and throwing their empty cans about. Two rooms were damp with water running down the walls. Two of the phones in the rooms didnt work as the wires  were cut through ?  I had an unwelcome visitor in the room in the form of a small  brown furry  friend  yes it was a mouse. It would appear that this is…,Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or470-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",The worsed hotel experience i ever had in my life,"My first morning i woke up here a mouse ran across the floor in front of me.I've been to London before but if this was my first visit I would never go back.This hotel should not be open,I told the receptionist and he acted like it happens often, never said sorry just gave us another room across from the same one. When we walked into the first room the first thing i saw was dust on everything,it was filthy, the walls were filthy. one was no better than the other. I had to check out the breakfast much to my husbands dissapproval. What can I say. Before you stay here read the other reviews you're better off paying a little extra and having a nice hotel.",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or470-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",hot water please...and a lick of paint,"the hotel is located near to kings cross station, a good ten minute walk. The hotel is small and on a back street. Our room was available before the advised time so we checked in. The bathroom was nice except their was no hot water most of the time! Two sachets of body gel/shamppo were available. We had clean hand towels every day. There was a remote controlled tv. There were tea makiing facillities but the kettle lead wouldn't reach the socket so the kettle had to stay on the floor. We couldn't fill the kettle very well as the sink was shallow. The bedroom itself was VERY basic. The bedding was clean but marked. The furniture was old fashioned. We had 3 pillows between us. I asked for another pillow on the phone. He sounded unsure. I was given two old thin pillows in the same…",Date of stay: February 2009,2.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or475-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Unwelcoming front office guy,"I did not arrive at Arriva with great expectations but going by the website, did expect it to be a decent stay. To begin with, the front office person was extremely inhospitable (read rude). I booked a double bedroom and was taken by surprise with the size of the room. There was hardly any space left (to move around) if I put 2 suitcases flat. It really looked like a single room turned into a double one. The breakfast was bad and the TV in the room never worked.  The good things about the hotel was its proximity to Kings Cross tube and to St Pancreas station and yeah, the hotel was clean.",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or475-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cramped and lacking,"After reading agreeable reviews about the Arriva Hotel on Tripadvisor I was looking forward to a pleasant nights stay.  However, I was soon to be disappointed when I arrived and was told that my room was on the third floor and that the lift was broken.  It then got worse when we went into the room and found it to be cramped due to a double bed and single bed into a room that should only have had two singles and was only set up for two people (2 cups, 1 small wardrobe, 1 chair, 2 towels etc).  Due to their attempt to cram an extra bed you could not get to the small wardrobe to hang anything up, forget trying to get the chair out to use and you were literally falling over yourselves to get anywhere in the room, including the window, which did not open so no air.  The bathroom was…",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or475-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Good quality, budget hotel","I booked into this hotel for 3 nights.  It was the first time I'd stayed in the King's Cross area and I arrived with a little trepidation.  My fears were unfounded though, I was given a quite spacious (for London) clean room at the front, with a nice, clean modern bathroom and shower.  The double bed was firm and comfortable (how I like 'em!) and my stay was fine.  Though continental breakfast was included in the rate, I only dined once, and it was ok.  My only negative is that the walls are quite thin and it seemed I was put next to someone who was hard of hearing because I could hear their tv above my own!",Date of stay: October 2008,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or475-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"An unpretentious, but geat value (for London) hotel, located very conveniently close to the St Pancreas international terminal and Kings Cross Metro station. Tea and coffee masking facilities in the room a real bonus. Only negative was the ever bored looking front desk person and the very stale croissants served up each morning.",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or475-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"The location is convenient, the room was small but clean and the refridgerator was an added bonus.  Breakfast was not fabulous, but had all the basics including cereal, toast, juice, coffee, canned fruit, cold cuts and cheese.  We were in the back, so noise was not an issue but, being on the groundfloor, we noticed that the window is accessible from the ground and was not locked until we noticed it late in our first day.  Had it been warm out, it would have been foolhardy to leave the window open at night, but closing it wasn't a problem during our autumn stay.   The only other concern was that, like most European hotels, keys are left at the front desk when you leave for the day.  When you return, you simply give them your room number and they hand over your keys without…",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or480-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic, but handy location","This is the very definition of budget accommodation.  It's rated two star because it's cheap and basic. The place was clean and quiet for central London but does have very small rooms that seem s little run down. It is, however, VERY close to Kings Cross/St Pancras and not a million miles from Euston for that matter.  If you're looking for somewhere to crash before an early Eurostar, or a very simple base you intend to spend little time in apart from sleeping and showering, this is well worth a shot. The price difference between this and a chain hotel per night is well worth considering if you're on a budget.  Didn't try breakfast, as we left at the crack of dawn to try to check in for Eurostar the day after the tunnel fire. Wifi was very slow, but only a fiver.  Could do worse,…",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or480-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",dont be fulled by the cancelation policy,"i am warning others not to book this hotel, i have been charged for a room that i did not stop in and the managment are refusing to give me a refund, they are unhelpfull and agressive.   I was stuck in france as the chanel tunnel had a fire and could not stop in the hotel booked, i rang the hotel the minuite i found out, two days later after checing my account i noticed they had charged me. I phoned the manager and they said they would not help me and are not interested.",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or480-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",It sucks!,"My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Arriva just for the weekend and found it incredibly disheartening.  The men at the front desk (and it was always men) were unhelpful, angry, and had an air of resentment that they should have to help any of their guests.  They certainly seemed like they did not like their jobs.   Our room was no more than a box, which was to be expected for such a price in London, but the room itself was simply trashy.  It looked like a boy's dorm room from a US university.  The furniture was cheap, worn, broken, you name it, light fixtures and other decorations were put up by amateur's, and overall, we had a sense of it being dirty.  -- The bathroom was the only clean area in the whole room, although it was so small it was no real escape from the room. The…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or480-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",About as good as you'll get for a budget hotel in London,"The best thing about this hotel is that it's about a 5 minute walk from King's Cross and St. Pancras Station - crucial if you're taking the subway/tube around London or the train to/from London.  The rooms are pretty small, but decent and pretty clean.  The only real beef my mother and I had with this hotel was the plumbing - the toilet did not flush very well and no matter how many times we asked someone to fix it, it never got fixed properly.  The breakfast here was decent, considering it was included.  Overall the place was nice for the price when compared to other hotels that were MUCH more expensive.  I do not think I would go back, but it was a good hotel for tourists and not bad if all you really intend on doing is sleeping here.",Date of stay: June 2008,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or480-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"We were 4 adults and one child staying at the hotel for 2 nights. We arrived at 11am, check-in time is at 2pm but they have a luggageroom. However, our room was ready so we could actually check-in 3 hours early, no extra charge! The rooms are quite small, all different, there is a lift, important if you have heavy suitcases. We found one of the rooms we got too small, but asked in the reception if we could change it for a bigger and it was no problem at all. The bathrooms had showers, small but clean and quite new, the rooms basic but clean, and with fridge, coffee/tea and hairdryer, all I need. There was a small tv as well, but only with a few channels, anyway we didn´t go to London to watch tv. Best of all, the location! A quiet street in the citycentre. A short…",Date of stay: August 2008,4.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or485-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Small Rooms, Well located","The Arriva Hotel is well located, in the Kings Cross area, 5 min  walk from the Station, with metro, bus and train.  The building is tipically in English vitorian style.  Rooms seemed modernly refurbished, small thou', even smaller than expected (only 1 person fits between the bed and the wall; bathroom doesn't allow much movements with tiny washbasin). However, they were clean and unfortunately the regular for London's extremely high prices. My room had window to the back, so it was quiet. Don't expect to much from the breakfast and room.",Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or485-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",cheap & Tacky....,"I knew this hotel is only a 2* and i was only staying there for 1 night. the outside looked alright but when you get into the rooms you think twice, should i be staying here!!!! the fridge made sooo much noise, the tv had really bad signal and might as well been in the roof! the bathroom was clean but the shower was rubbish. threre was sticky marks on the sides in the room. over all not that clean. the man on the front desk was helpfull, it is somewhere cheap and close to kings cross station that is the only good thing i can say about this hotel",Date of stay: April 2008,2.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or485-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful..,"The hotel on the outside doesnt look too bad, quite nice really, but the room we stayed in was rather unpleasent. I expected it to be small, but there wasnt even a bedside table and the tv was nearly on the ceiling. There was one very flat pillow and a nasty looking stain on the bed..  The bathroom was clean at least, but the noise of the traffic outside and two different men snoring kept me awake for most of the night. I wont be going back there.",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or485-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget accommodation,"Me and my husband decided to stay at this hotel due to the budget price it offered. I had read reviews beforehand therefore knew roughly what to expect. We were offered a front or back room and chose the latter, thinking that is may be quieter after reading some of the reviews, regarding traffic noise. It was quiet, although the window rattled with the wind, and I had to wedge a (many times!) folded peice of paper into the gap to stop this from happening, which did the trick. The double room was adequate, the bed was comfy enough.  The bathroom was clean, and the towels were changed both days. The small fridge made a loud whirring noise, annoying when your trying to sleep, so we unplugged it. Breakfast is included in the price but beware german gestapo is in charge of the…",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or485-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Careless treatment of reservation problems,"The hotel has no frills. Rooms was mostly clean (although I saw a shoe stain on the wall) and the bed comfortable. My no 1 problem with the hotel is that when I arrived, I was told that I have no reservation because my credit card was declined. However, nobody notified me about it! When I told the hotel staff that I should have been notified about it, they told me that they are ""too busy to notify everyone"". They didn't look *that* busy. Luckily, they had a room for me. The breakfast was OK.",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or490-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"Small, cosy, clean hotel.  For approx £50/night in central london it was worth it.  Good location, down from kings cross.  Room really hot, so wouldnt too too good when weather is warm.  Breakfast was a cheap continental (no brown bread).  I read the reviews about it and it was quite true.  Dont expect the best, just somewhere cheap, clean and good location. ",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or490-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A Great value for money!,"A small and cosy hotel in a very good location few minutes walk from King's Cross station. There is a couple of nice pubs around the corner and plenty of shops to buy food and drinks.   Room size is quite good, and the in-room amenities include tea & coffee maker and a fridge. I was also surprised to learn that such a small hotel has a wireless Wi-Fi!!! But unfortunately it does not cover the rear part of the hotel, so make sure you check with them before you bring your laptop.  The receptionists were very friendly and helpful, especially John who would go out of his way to make sure you are enjoying your stay; upon my arrival, the window in my room would not open, I called the reception and in a few minutes he was there trying to open it for me,  and when he couldn't, he…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or490-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly was it says on the tin,"My wife and I stayed at the Arriva for 5 nights in July. We were looking for a budget hotel, and thats exactly what we got. Thats not to say there was any thing wrong with the hotel.  The room was small but comfy. The on suite toilet and shower room was imaculate, it actually looked brand new.  The rooms were made every day and fresh towels were always left. There is a fridge in the room which was a little bit big but a good idea.  The reception staff were very friendly and the the reception is maned 24 hours , good for a late return from a night on the town.  The only disapointing thing was the breakfast, advertised as Continental Breakfast, but was really only Toast and tea/coffee. Also the noise from the traffic at night and early morning is quite loud if you are a light…",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or490-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Budget accommodation,"2 nights in central London does not come cheap but a room at Arriva fits the budget traveller.  Very good showers, clean beds, compact rooms - but then one is not going to London to be in a bedroom for long.  Handy fridge.  Breakfast is worth missing as the room is too small, the tables tight and the food is useful only as fuel for the action packed day ahead.  Ideal location and the traffic is an issue but then - it's a city centre.  Excellent having 24 hour manned reception.  Would I stay again? Yes. ",Date of stay: July 2007,2.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or490-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great for budget!,"Myself and my partner were visting london for the first tme on our own, we were going to see a theatre show, the hotel was great the location was easily found from kings cross station. The room itself was satisfactory however it was clean and tidy. our room faced onto the main road and we expected loud noises from trafic but there wasnt we had a peceful stay. The staff at the hotel were genrly helpful however a bit misrable. We are returing to london again in feburary and are planing to stay at the arriva hotel again. i would advise young people i.e. students or families looking for a cheap break in central london. ",Date of stay: December 2006,4.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or495-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Very Poor,"I paid over £50 for a single room. The room overlooked a main road and the noise from the all night traffic was awful.  The bed was jammed into the corner between the window and a fridge/kitchen sink!!! The fridge proceeded to hum and whir at various intervals during the night. The floor on the window side of the bed appeared not to have been swept since Margaret Thatcher was in power and the metal bed end clanged against the wall every time I moved on the bed. At least the provided Bible did the job as a temporary wedge to keep it off the wall.  And also, unfortunately, as well as the traffic noise to contend with, the walls are so thin that every door bang in the hotel is heard, and  if someone breaks wind five rooms down, you're going to hear it and probably smell it as well.…",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or495-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",decent value for short stay,"I needed a cheap place to stay 3 nights while attending a weekend of concerts (the hotel was listed on the website of one of the venues). My single room was quite small, but I didnt plan to spend much time there anyway. The room was clean and decently maintained. The pillow was pretty lumpy, but I've had that at much more expensive places too. The room had a working fridge, sink, & water boiler, and there was a fresh supply of instant coffee & tea delivered every day. I missed the breakfast, as it was only served until 9am. I stocked the fridge instead with pastries & fruit from a nearby grocery store. The TV was small, but worked (no cable). I had no problem with running hot water, and the desk clerk even got me into my room an hour early, due to my plane arriving ahead of…",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or495-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",They Know Nothing,"I've stayed in worse places and the location was excellent -- convenient to City Centre and to Heathrow (via Pickadilly Underground). The housecleaning staff work hard and my room was cleaned daily. The breakfast was okay but basically toast and coffee or tea.   The negatives: a lumpy, uncomfortable bed and even lumpier pillow, and a room that was only a bed and small table, with a tiny TV located remotely in the upper corner. The walls were paper thin and the finish was poor; the renovations were performed by people without any training or skill. Anybody could have done a better job.  Fair enough, it is a budget hotel. What is UNFORGIVEABLE is the ignorance of the desk staff. They receive business due to their location and it is therefore inexcusable that they know next to…",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or495-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Creepy feeling in the basement!!,"I stayed here whilst in London for one night as a lone female traveller. It was cheap but certainly not cheerful!   On arrival at 10.30pm (after being told by the taxi driver what a dodgy area it was!) and was greeted, or shall I say ignored, by a man who could win the Rudest Man in London award. I was stood at the desk and he was watching TV and I had to get his attention. We then had a short kerfuffle about payment but it turned out this was because I hadn't understood his English.   My room was in the basement and had dirt on the walls. There was a TV but no hair-dryer as I was told previously. Bathroom was tiny but clean. No hot water though which was infuriating. There was only a small lock on the door and to be frankI didn't feel very safe. Being in basement felt dodgy and…",Date of stay: August 2006,2.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or495-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Twice but no more,"Even though this hotel is not in the best area, we choose to book it for a second time as it was ok value the first time. However, this time it was very different than the first one. The standard is obviously very different from room to room as the room we got this time was terrible. Both dirty and almost falling apart. We tried to switch room but that was not possible.  Also, comming home in the middle of the night the night-receptionist become irritated because we called the bell several times to get in, as he was asleep.  Only thing positive it that it is cheap but I would rather sleep in the park next time ",Date of stay: May 2006,2.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or500-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place !!!,"The booking was made by the office staff online using the M.Ds credit card. I then discovered that payment was NOT taken from the card it was simply used to hold the room. The M.D had to go to the office on Saturday and fax a letter with his signature etc and the details of the credit card. The hotel then decided that this wasn't good enough and the M.D should call the hotel.  The Hotel had a problem processing the card as the address on the credit card did not have a house number!!! The Manager of the hotel insisted that I pay for the room myself, I explained that my company was the client and that I did not have the facilities to pay for the hotel, I was told that if I did not hand over cash I would not be allowed back into my room nor would I have access to my belongings.   …",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or500-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location. And very clean.","This is a fine hotel! Especially when you are on business with a low budget then this is perfect. Clean, easy to reach, not expensive.  I stayed for two nights, paid 40 pounds per night. I got a sparkling new bathroom and a clean room facing the back / South. As a result it was quiet.   A big plus is the location, it is very close to Kings Cross station (not even worth taking a cab) but in a quiet street.  Another plus is the room window, it can open up in full. Exceptional given that many hotels constrain the windows to prevent suicides. Arriva is confident that its guests doin't get derpessed too quickly ;-)  Breakfast was okay, sufficient to get you going and sufficiently obesity-aware.  Staff is friendly.  There is no AC, however AC in London is not the norm, most of the…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or500-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Barely a step up from a hostel,"I was just not impressed at all. The rooms were very small, cheap, hardly maintained. We had a room on the ground floor next to the street - This is very noisy, and doesn't help that the window needed to stay cracked since there is no AC. You best take your shower early in the morning or at night else there will be no hot water by 7:30 AM. The drains were so slow you had to shower at 1/2 throttle to avoid flooding the bathroom. The clerk at the front desk wasn't exactly friendly, but not terribly rude either... Overall, my advice is stay here only if you can't afford somewhere better. ",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or500-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it,"London is a very expensive city and it is known that you get no five star hotel for a deal, so I did not expect much of the Arriva for the price we paid. But it was even worse.  We spent two nights at the hotel. We were four people and had two rooms booked. Only one room was ready and the (somewhat nice) clerk at the day shift promised us that the other room will be on the same floor. When we got back in the evening the (really not nice) clerk did just not care and gave us a room on another floor. The room on the ground level was horrible... run down and no space to move. The one on the first floor was better, clean bathroom but it took half an hour to take a shower because the water pressure was zero. The door that leads to the floor would slam shut and from early morning on…",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or500-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",good deal,"A good comfortable small hotel....good price as well. Upon my arrival, I received an amicable welcome from the employees there and a suitable room. The breakfast is excellent and rooms are equally clean. Word of caution however: if you receive one of the rooms in the level below ground level, ask to change....the traffic will wake you rather early. Otherwise....good place and good price. ",Date of stay: June 2006,4.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or505-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",I guess you get what you pay for!,"My wife and I stayed at the Arriva for five nights, and really didn´t know what to expect.  The reception clerk (evening-shift) was certainly not friendly or helpful; he just couldn't be bothered with such an exorbitant request as for an extra pillow.  I decided to stay out of his face for our entire stay!  The room and bathroom were tiny for anyone over five feet tall, dishevelled and tattered, with only one ceiling light; so forget about reading in bed. I wouldn't want to stay at this hotel on warm days, since turning off the radiator came up short with burning hot uncovered and uninsulated pipes leading up to it! My wife had problems with crackling and dripping sounds from pipes and refrigerator and had to take light sleeping pills; I would've slept through the blitz, so I…",Date of stay: May 2006,2.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or505-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Bella esperienza,"My friends and I spent about two months at the Arriva in 2003 because of our research at the British Library. Our budget was not much, we knew we would spent most of our money in libraries and bookshops, so we chose the Arriva for 4 good reasons at least: 1. very near the Library, that is saving of time and money; 2. ensuit bathroom, for 3 (Italian) girls this was fundamental; 3. cheap, breakfast included; 4. fridge and sink in the room, so we got organized and saved much money, went to the supermarket and prepared soups, salads, sandwiches.  We were not mistaken: the building and the room were not fantastic, but the staff was very kind, especially the young man on nightshift ;).  The area is well served, by bus, tube or train you can go almost everywhere. In the surroundings…",Date of stay: February 2003,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or505-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",No Problems!,"My fiancee and I just returned from London where we stayed 3 nights at the Arriva Hotel. I must say, after reading some of the reviews on here, I was a little nervous. But we had no problems with the hotel. We arrived early and even though check-in was not for another 2.5 hours, they went ahead and put us in a room. The people at reception were friendly enough. This is a very basic hotel. The room and bathroom were small, but both were very clean. They were doing some painting while we were there, so all the walls looked really nice.   The Arriva has a good location, about 5 min walking from King's Cross Station. This is not the best area of London, but if you are smart about your traveling, you will have no problems. I believe every Tube line except the District Line stops at…",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or505-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Average King's Cross budget,"This is about average for a budget hotel in London. Excellent location, just around the corner from King's Cross, although the small entrance is easy to miss. Reception guy was polite enough. Room was OK, a decent enough size, neither sparkling clean or absolutely filthy, bed was OK, only gripe was the rather dim lighting in the room which made it feel a bit grim.  I stayed one night, arriving late and leaving early, so it was perfect for my needs. I wouldn't recommend it as a base for a longer stay, but for a cheap place to crash for the night it's ideal. The area around King's Cross is not the nicest, but there are plenty of people around and you'll be fine if you don't take unnecessary risks. ",Date of stay: April 2006,3.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or505-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",A very satisfied customer,"I was pleased with my choice when visiting London recently for a conference. I only wanted a clean, comfortable and safe place to stay, so I could spend my money on books instead of hotel bills, and that is what I got! Brilliant value, excellent location, very quiet for central London! The breakfast was more than adequate and the bed very comfortable. Only complaint - no curtain on window, but I improvised and used the towels!! Would stay there again without any hesitation! ",Date of stay: February 2006,4.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or510-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish,"Just returned from a night in this place - what a dump! Cheap but certainly not cheerful. As a group of 6 women, we booked 2 triple rooms only to be told these were not available on checking in. Bathrooms are tiny and have a lot to be desired. If you want a hot/warm shower, be sure to be up before 9am. Staff are not particularly friendly - I don't believe I saw a smile and certainly did not hear any pleasantries from them! Triple room had leak throughout the night, with water dripping down the wall. After a night out in Leicester Sq, only 1 of 16 taxis we flagged were willing to take us to Kings Cross. The area did not seem particularly safe either...my advice? Avoid this place, especially if its for more than 1 night... ",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or510-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","You get what you pay for, but clean, warm and comfortable.","I stayed at this hotel and after reading the reviews think it was better than i expected. It was cheap so you don't get a lot but the the room was clean and comfortable and the staff was cooperative although a few smiles would have made it friendlier.  Not a real nice area but convenient base to visit london.  Breakfast was OK, just cereal and toast but again you get what you pay for.   I would have no hesitation in staying here again although I think the front rooms may suffer from a bit of traffic noise ",Date of stay: November 2005,3.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or510-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent for the Budget Minded,"Just spent 3 nights in London at the Arriva Hotel.  Located in very convenient Kings Cross (tube and national rail) this hotel is not very expensive...so don't expect too much but a bed, your own shower/bathroom, a very basic light breakfast.  Do make sure you ask for a room in the back (not on Swinton Street) as the street noise is a bit much.  The manager, John Girglis is very professional and was a pleasure to meet after emailing over the past few weeks.  The pub Swinton's is literally next door and the food is inexpensive and a very local flavor.  This will be a very basic-tourist orientated hotel...don't expect bellmen and the such...you will get what you pay for.  Why spend a bloody fortune in London on a place to stay where you are just going to lay your head down? …",Date of stay: October 2005,3.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or510-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Just what you need,"My girlfriend and I took a chance with the Arriva and we are glad we did. Originally attracted to it's location close to Kings Cross (a major transportation hub) and it's private bathroom in every room, we were then pleased to find out that the rooms were very clean and a decent size. Friends of ours that stayed on the second floor actually had a room larger than my NYC apartment.    They provided a free breakfast (cereal, toast, OJ), which was fine. Sometimes the dining room gets crowded, so if you are planning on packing the most into your day make sure you eat early.    A quick note about the area, Kings Cross reminds me a lot of Penn Station in NYC. Most of the city's tube and bus lines have a stop at Kings Cross so you can get to any part of the city with relative ease (and…",Date of stay: May 2004,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or510-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","Affordable budget hotel, not the best, not the worst.","I knew that this was not a 4 star hotel when I went there. If you are budget minded and adventurous, the Arriva is a great place. The rooms are comfortable and basic, close to the trains and subways and has fairly decent food and convenience stores within a block or two. Breakfast was basic but filling, plenty of giant English toast, butter, jam, milk, cereal, juice, coffee and tea. The King's Cross area is not a scary area, we walked around late at night with no problem. The night staff spoke fairly good English and the manager was always helpful. I would go back if I wanted to save money and enjoy other things in London rather than spending a fortune on a hotel. One word of caution, beware of making calls from the hotel, go to a pay phone or get a toll free long distance card.…",Date of stay: March 2005,3.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or515-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in London,"This place is terrible, I read the reviews before I went so was not expecting much, but it is the worst hotel I have stayed in ever.  When we arrived they did not have the rooms we booked and would do nothing about it, rude people, dirty and sleazy. pay more and go to something that is actually a hotel. ",None,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or515-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Best deal in London,"I don't know what all the griping is about this hotel.  It is the least expensive hotel in London central.  The rooms are clean, typically small by American standards, but on a par with most European hotels. The rooms all are ensuit, have sinks, tv, fridges and a TELEPHONE in each room, rare at even some of the better hotels in London. It is ideally located near King's Cross and St. Pancras Tube stations and the Thames Link, direct service to Gatwick.  Forget the breakfast, however; cereal and toast is it.  Go around the corner to McDonald's.  Also there is an internet cafe within about 1/4 mile of the hotel and very cheap-85p per hour.  I go to London often and was a little leery after reading the reviews. Sure glad I took a chance and stayed there. John the manager is very…",None,5.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or515-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Hated the Arriva,"The Arriva was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at.  Only half the amenities offered on some web sites were actually offered and the staff, primarily the manager, had no apologies for their lack of necessities.  A few of the things missing were the in room safe (unavailable), hair dryer (available only upon request), restaurant (in the basement there is a room where you are given tea and toast), meeting rooms (never had).  When they say ""kitchenette"", they should really say, closet type room with a rusty sink.  Our bathroom was very dirty had little privacy with it's closet style sliding door, not to mention the broken overhead light which left us with minimal lighting.  However, considering that there wasn't even an outlet in the bathroom, I guess adequate lighting…",None,1.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or515-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva decent place to stay,We booked this hotel for a week long vacation last year and found it to be rather pleasant.  The hotel is located near both the tube and bus so it was very easy to get around the city.  We had no problems walking around the neighborhood even late at night and the local pubs had really good food.  Breakfast was simple but adequate and we didn't have to wait for a table.  Our room was cleaner and larger than most hotels we've stayed at in Europe.  Overall it was a good experience and we'd stay there again. ,None,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or515-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Arriva Hotel and Kings Cross,"Just came back from a trip to London. (Oct21, ) and had an enjoyable time.  However, the basic costs were very high when compared to a major city in the states.  We stayed at the Arriva Hotel at Kings Cross.  I have stayed there before and the costs are very reasonable for London.  The hotel is very basic but is very clean. Ask for a first floor, backside room for a more quiet experience.  There are fridges in each room as well as a sink.  All rooms are ensuite.  Kings Cross is a major transportation terminal for the tube and trains.  A great location.  I would recommend the Arriva Hotel if you are interested in keeping costs down.  Continental breakfast is offered.  Many restraurants in the area.  Easy links to all airports.  Remember a dollar equals about 1/2 pound. ",None,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or520-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Beware...dodgy dealings,"Arriva is a rip-off establishment. Be particularly wary if single. It charges a single supplement on a single room: note a supplement should only be applied if a single person occupies a double or twin room, not on a room meant for singles anyway! Had a rude welcome by the man at reception who eyed me up and down suspiciously, and then found I had a room that smelt rank. Note it says a lot when a hotel advertises opening-windows as a feature!!! The website advertises bathrooms in all rooms: not so. Also there is no satelite TV. They adverstise fridges in all rooms: except mine it seemed.  It was so noisy, being on a main road, that I hardly slept even with ear plugs. The bed was wonky, leaning at an acute angle. Breakfast was a chore as there is a tiny basement room to cater for…",None,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or520-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",arriva hotel,we arrived at arriva hotel on sept 11th. we booked a Quad room(4.adults) when we arrived at the room we saw 1 double bed and 1 sofa bed(for children) so when asked the staff for an another bed or room.but if we wanted a different room we had to pay 16 pounds each night. the sofa bed was so small.just for 1 adult. on the internet page the room looks big with 4 beds and without a wall in the middle on the room! and each morning we had to wait at least 20 minutes before we could have breakfast cos the breakfast room is very small. we won't stay there again ,Date of stay: September 2004,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or520-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London","BAD hotel, don't go to this hotel people!","We order a quad room for 4 adults and we only got a sofabed and a double. The sofabed (a thin one) was broken and it wasn't for 2 adults for 1 person only! We couldn't get another double bed. We only could get another room but for 16 pounds p. night!!!! BAD SERVICE!  there were enough do The breakfast was simple and 'we had to wait 2 min. for a table. AND THE TOWELS STINK, BLEEEH! No ventilation at the bathroom and the door of the bathroom wasn't a door, you couldn't lock it! very BAD! 1 curtain was broken and because of that there was alot of light in the room at night BAD BAD HOTEL, people don't go to the ARRIVA HOTEL!!!! PLZ don't go! ",Date of stay: September 2004,1.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or520-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"I don't want to stay here ever again. I don't know what it was, but the towels smelt awfull, thank god I always bring one from home. On the site they tell us they have satelite tv, I think we only had a few boring channels! We stayed there for 4 nights and only the first morning they made our beds! The hotel had like 5 different people working at the counter everyday, and they just give the key to anyone.... doesn't seem very safe to me! You can hear everything trough the walls, it's not very soundproof. They also had a sort of a kitchen, but we stayed out of that, it was so filthy, yuk. To be honest we didn't  plan to make food there, but just to warn others who might want to! The sleeping couch, is terrible, it's too small too hard (even for kids) and they didn't want to give…",None,1.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or520-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",they lie to us,We booked a quad room for 4 adulds when we arrive at our quad room there stood a double bed and a sofa bed. the sofabed was too small for 2 adulds when we ask about it the man at reception said the room we booked was a family room. I showed my revesation that we booked a quad room for 4 adulds. The hotel would'n give us a second room for free only if we pay 16 english pond each night. And the room we had has 1 curtain hanged for the window. And the breakfast room was too small we have to waid for 20 minutes every morning for a table. ,Date of stay: September 2004,1.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or525-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",s'alright,"Close to King's Cross station.  Very average hotel.  Rooms were average.  Breakfast was average.  Staff was average.  Price, however, was very good.  No A/C made it a little warm, so windows had to be opened which made it kind of noisy.  Tough to find decent cheap accomodation in London.  This is probably as close as you get. ",None,3.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or525-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"INTRODUCTION  My family and I had reserved two rooms for three nights commencing on July 6. 2004 because the ""discounted"" price was inexpensive, the location was convenient, and I anticipated being able to cook a pot of Kraft macaroni and cheese for my twelve year old son (who eats little else).  My mother and two teenaged daughters shared a ""triple"" room.  My son and I shared a twin room.  Both were ensuite.    THE GOOD:  1.  The location was moderately convenient to King's Cross train and underground.  The facilities adjacent to the train station include restaurants, a pharmacy (chemist), two internet cafes, various fast food joints, and a self-serve laundramat.    2.  The breakfast was palatable, albeit not varied or filling.    3.  Having an elevator was convenient.    4. …",Date of stay: July 2004,2.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or525-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Not very professional,"We have booked a double room the 1st of May for a 4 nights stay from July 17th. When we arrived, we were told  there was a problem with the room and we were sent to  another hotel (5 minutes walk) for getting a so-called similar room. The room we got was in no way similar to the pictures we can see on the Internet site or on the leaflet of the Arriva Hotel. The room (number 37) is in the European Hotel, 11-15 Argyle Square. It's the tiniest double room you can imagine. The bed is pushed in the corner against the wall, one third of the length against the window. Next to the bed, a path of about 60 centimeters ! At the bottom of the bed (against the window), a small chest of drawers with a TV on it. Not any space, neither between  the bed and the piece of furniture nor between the…",None,1.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or525-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",This Hotel is a Lie,"We knew this hotel was a bargain, but they could have at least told us the truth.  We were told that the hotel as parking and keeping that in mind, we rented a car.  When we arrived, to our shock the man at the reception told us that there was no free parking, but parking around the corner for 16 pounds a day and you can't park there at night....so what are we suppose to do with the car.  We had to take the car to the rental companys parking and were still being charged and no even using the car.  We had requested a double and a triple room.  The rooms look nothing like the pictures and are extremely dirty.  The double room didnt even have a working door in the bathroom and the triple room had 2 beds...which was no convinient especially when it was 3 guys sharing the room. The…",Date of stay: May 2005,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or525-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",This place rocked!,"For an econo hotel, this placed totally rocked!  It was conveniently located and our room was neat.  Our bathroom was clean with a full size tub and a shower with good water pressure.  Our room was a little small, but our friends had a room much larger, so I guess the size varies from room to room.  There was also a full set of dishes, a mini-fridge, and extra sink in the bedroom area.  Breakfast was pretty much cereal (they even have Coco Pebbles), white toast, coffee/tea.  The staff was very pleasant.  Overall, I had a great experience at this hotel, and I would definitely stay there again. ",None,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or530-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Room without a view,"My rating actually lies in between ""Terrible"" and ""Okay"" ... there were ""terrible"" things as no window in our room as well as ""okay""-things, like the price and the location.  Upon arrival the triple room we had booked weeks ago  wasn't available and we had to split up into a double room with ensuite bathroom (shower's drain was blocked) and a twin room with the bathroom accross the floor, through two doors and four steps down, which wasn't overly clean. The next day we were moved to our triple room that was located in the basement with no windows at all. Breakfast was rather bleak, some cornflakes and toast (eight pieces of toast for three people) and either tea or coffee. The dishes weren't overly clean either and the table cloth badly stained.  Next time I'll visit London,…",None,1.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or530-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate but Small,"Upon arrival we were assigned one of London's smaller ""double"" rooms with an even smaller private bathroom. You needed to keep the two sliding shower doors open in order to sit down on the toilet and have a place to put your feet. No wall covered the plumbing pipes under the sink which appeared to have been left exposed since renovation. The room contained two twin beds, a drop leaf table, and small TV which was bolted above a portable wardrobe closet. The hotel advertised satellite TV but was told it was not working for the 3 weeks prior to and including the week we stayed there. We were amazed how management also fit a sink and refrigerator along with a set of kitchen cabinets with dishes and silverware for two into the room. Daily housekeeping kept the room tidy. Their…",None,2.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or530-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel Bargin,Just returned from 5 nights in London at the Arriva Hotel and was very happy with the accommodations. I have paid more at other hotels and gotten much less. Convenient to Kings Cross tube station. Several good restaurants by the station. Walking distance to British Library and British Museum. Room clean with private bath. Some street noise so you might want to ask for a room at the back. Lifts to all floors. Basic breakfast (cereal/toast) but all you can eat. I would stay there again.,None,5.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or530-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for budget travellers,"The Arriva is a 5 minute walk from King's Cross station. It's on a busy road, so there will be some traffic noise (the rooms do have secondary double glazing so when the windows are closed, noise is somewhat reduced).  The reception is open 24 hours and gives a nice impression; there is a lift. The rooms have been refurbished to some degree - however, the tiling in the shower cubicle needs re-doing, shower curtains need replacing. The bed and bedding were clean, the carpets needed replacing (or a steam clean). Tea and coffe making facilities are in the room, as is a fridge.  The breakfast (continental) is good as it's included free.  Considering the location, good value.  Recommended only to those on a budget who need to stay in the King's Cross area. It's not a nice area to…",None,2.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or530-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service,"They serve all you can eat/drink; fresh toast, jam, cereal, milk, orange juice & coffee. Their breakfast room is kinda small so you might have to wait a little bit for a seat. Great service, they gave us a small suite with sofa, fridge, plates & utensils for double price room.",None,4.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d265569-Reviews-or535-Arriva_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arriva Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,"For the price that we paid for this hotel, we get a decent accomodation with a private bathroom.  The room is small but clean, the bathroom is clean, it's got television and telephone, and there is no charge for using the phone for a toll free number. They cleaned our room everyday and we got clean towels everyday. The staffs are friendly and helpful. The breakfast area is cozy. We got a free breakfast in the morning which consist of toast with butter and jelly, breakfast cereal, milk, coffee, and orange juice.  There is no air condition in the room, so we have to open the window to cool off the room. The trouble came when it started to rain which happens a lot in London. The rain would come in through the open window, but if we close the window, the room could become rather…",Date of stay: June 2003,3.0
