,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or0-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Had this hotel booked for over year as a birthday treat to London. I can't rate it because when we arrived the hotel was and still is a building site. The contact number is none existent.  We booked it through Hotel.com and the have been useless.  As it stands we have lost our money and Hotel.com have done absolutely nothing to help. Just be aware that this hotel is being advertised through their website. Steer well clear as I've said, the place is just a building site. I had to rate it or I couldn't post this review but really giving 1 was over generous.",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or0-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Hazard,This place looks nothing like advertised. We stayed one night. The wallpaper was pealing there was damp patches on ceiling. The room was small and basic. The banisters where dusty. The stairs where a health hazard. Avoid at all costs,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or0-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Nice budget hotel,Friendly welcome and check in on arrival and my room was clean and comfortable. It served the purpose I booked it for which was a last minute cheap overnight stay in London. Very basic room yes but at £35 for a 2* hotel I wasn't expecting luxury. The hotel is in a good location and is close to public transport links. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or0-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous Stay do not book,"Had booked into the Whiteleaf for 2 nights the photos and booking.com rating are completely inccurate.  First room bed broken and room filthy, sofa was ripped, second room we were offered was equally filthy rotting food in microwave and no shower door.  Needless to say we didn't stay the second night.  Do not stay there their photos are completely misleading.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or0-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"So revolting, dirty and noisy I ended up leaving one day early. Worst experience of my life... The mattress was busted, the room small and dirty, the toilet covered in rust.. the hallway full of old radiators and carpets, the smell of musk and sweat....  Seriously, how they are even accepted by sanitary standards I don't know.... Stay away!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or5-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Please DO NOT stay here!!!,Where do I begin?   Me and my husband and another couple paid £160 to stay here on Saturday 23rd November 2019. When we checked in to our rooms we were horrified at the state of the hotel. We were on the top floor which had no bannisters on very steep stairs which was not ideal with our bags or if you were disabled.   There were old radiators lying around in the hallways with dirty linen and towels we had to step over.   The carpets looked like they hadn’t been hoovered for years and coming up at the sides. It was disgustingly filthy. With a horrible smell to the place.   The ceilings were damp and almost coming down.   There were mouse traps lying around.   We then went to reception to tell them we cannot stay here which the staff agreed with us.   The manager would not come to…,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or5-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Oh my goodness where to start. Inside the hotel is nothing like pictures on website. We were given basement room (disgusting) and complained so eventually moved. 2nd room was not much better I’ve never seen so much damp on walls as I did in both rooms. The stairs and carpets can’t have seen a vacuum cleaner in months, hole in corner of room (room straight ahead as you go through from reception ) walls and windows covered in damp patches and the stairs down to basement room filthy and hazardous . I strongly urge a representative from trip adviser to book a room here as I can’t understand how some earlier reviews think it’s good. I know it was cheap £120 for two nights but really thought although basic it would be clean and tidy. I can’t imagine how visitors come from overseas…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or5-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",What a sh*t hole,"Stayed here for 3 nights. Our room was full of damp on the walls, stains everywhere! Carpet stained. No room to swing a dead cat. Bins weren't emptied, pillows were thin and limp. Shower was dirty. Our view out the window was a discarded chest of drawers.  Don't let the nice reception fool you - this hotel is a sh*t hole. AVOID THIS HOTEL.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or5-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",What an absolutely disgusting dump.,"By far, the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We stayed in Room G-01 The room had damp on all the walls and ceiling, it absolutely stunk. It had gaffer tape piecing 2 halves of the room carpet together, and wallpaper pieces on the ceiling, which are no doubt hiding mould. The water trap under the sink was leaking, and we had to leave a towel on the floor for the 3 days we were there. The photos do not reflect the room we had. 3 single beds, with NO ROOM WHATSOEVER to move about in. The toilet was tiny, and the shower room was smaller, and hadn't been cleaned properly before our arrival. This cess-pit should be a zero star accommodation, as it's a health hazard waiting to happen. It's only plus point is that it's 100 yards from the tube station.  Avoid this hovel at all costs.…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or5-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Surprise birthday treat ,"Awful hotel would not recommend staying there ,our room was really bad the windows had black mould all around it wasn't very clean and our friends couldn't shower no hit water in their room ,not very friendly staff ,rooms were nothing like the pictures I saw when I booked hotel ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or10-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Aged Hotel in a good location,"The front desk staff are their biggest assets. Staff were very friendly and helpful all throughout our stay. Beds were clean and comfortable but the rooms and bathrooms are very very aged. BUT, you have to remember this is a 2 star property and you get what you pay for.  The hotel is although in a very good location with easy access to the underground subway and walking distance to Kensington Palace.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or10-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",What an awful hotel,"Stayed here last night with my friends, we had what they called a  superior  Triple room, this room was tiny and didn’t have 3 bed we had to share a bed. When we walked into the hotel reception it wasn’t a bad first impression, however went down hill very quickly as the stairs where dirty and full of dust, then when we found our room which I would like to add was in the basement. The room smelt damp straight away as we opened the door, the room it’s self had one tiny window with no  curtain, we couldn’t get the lights to work, and as for the bathroom wow the door didn’t shut which isn’t great when your with others and I didn’t want to use the shower as it looked dirty. We got back late at night and got into bed, the covers on my bed where a little stained, that was a start of a…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or10-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not fit for humans,"Not fit for human habitation. Room was extremely poorly built, insulated, lit, cleant and kept. I am used to student inns, hostels, outdoor camping with and without tent and this is the second time in my whole life that I leave the hotel before checkout time.  Rooms were insalubrious, with some situated below ground. The carpeting, roofing and walls full of rot and moisture stains. Door coming out of its hinges hastily repaired with a school locker lock, holes on the walls, a broken chair with a metal sharp edge protruding out of its seam. The overall smell was of rot and moisture, the toilet flush wasn't working, the window curtain was a plastic shower one that made the roof bulge if you tried to use it with even light force, the door didn't close properly, bugs were coming out…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or10-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Well, well, well..!?","Yes, it was a Lovely reception, but there was No busboy / porter Service or Lift, even, so We had to Carry our Own luggage up to the Room but i was Sharing a Room with my ol' Mum so it was Not Easy.. The View from the Back window was Less than inspiring. & there was some Rubble and tattered fences Outside, seemed like No-one cared about this Area much.. 🆘 🤑   The bed was Too springy and didn't Give enough support, but it Was very comfy and i had TWO good night's Sleep with No interruptions or Strange noises (apart from when my Mother started Talking! 👍).. 😴 I had Most of the Night to myself, so i Sat up in Bed, watching some Entertaining rubbish on TV then I went Out for a little Walk around the Block before Going to sleep .. 👻  I was impressed with Bayswater, it had Lots…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or10-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I've ever stayed,"2 stars is a push for the whiteleaf hotel. Me and my boyfriend are not fussy or high maintainence with where we stay as we tend to not spend much time in a hotel when we go away, we only say ""as long as it's clean we're fine"" so for us to have said this is not a good place to stay is unlike us. The reception is lovely and that is as far as it goes. It is very poor in cleanliness with dirty shower curtains, toilet, and our sink was literally smashed into pieces. When we took a photograph down to reception to explain that the sink was split in half the receptionist only said ""yes it was already like that"", so it was clear we had been booked into an unfit room to their knowledge. It is a very small room with an attached ""balcony"". As advice I would say pay the extra money for a…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or15-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel i have ever stayed at ,We booked this hotel as it was close to Hyde Park for a concert on Booking.com the pictures and reviews looked good so I thought great let’s book it waited in reception to be served and it looked ok they gave us our keys so we walked up the stairs and the carpet was absolutely disgusting it smelt damp and dirty we opened the bedroom door and the room was awful I can’t describe how bad it was and we all said it will be fine it’s only to sleep in so when we come back from the concert we had a cold shower because there was no hot water and we was all lead in bed and we could all hear a strange noise so we got up and put the light on to see that we had mice in our room so at 4 o’clock in the morning we went down to the front desk to be given another key to another room they didn’t…,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or15-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs,"I rented an appartment flat on the week 10th of August 2019 in 32 inverness terrace, room 12 managed by this hotel. With my wife, we were bitten more than 300 times by bed bugs. We left and had to find another hotel. My wife had allergy and had to go see a doctor.  I catched a bug in a glass and showed it to the welcome desk man. He did not really care and just gave us a email address to complaint. The 4 reminding days are still not refund and they do not response back to my travel booking agency or me. We paid more 1000£ a week for this dirty room. Please avoid, it will ruin your vacations.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or15-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Please avoid,"Booked via booking.com and confirmation subsequently received by email along with an additional confirmation that my arrival time was acceptable.  On arrival I was told that the hotel was full and that both I, and booking.com, had been emailed to advise of this.  Thus, on arrival, I had no accommodation. No email had been received by either myself or the booking agent and the room had been booked 72 hours previously.  Within the next ten minutes I did then receive an email from the hotel cancelling my booking albeit this was after I had attempted to check in. I was still in the lobby at this point.   Whilst the hotel were not rude there was no engagement or attempt to remedy my position. The experience lacked any intimacy or acceptance of a problem.   Thankfully - booking.com…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or15-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"The thing I liked about this hotel was it’s position, good connection to public transport, even the street was so beautiful.  When you go for a budget hotel, of course you don’t have big expectations, but at least you expect to be somehow clean. Well, that place was really dirty, dusty, the window was broken, the beed sheet was dirty x_x my trip to London was beautiful, but the hotel was such a dissapointment.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or15-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worse Hotel Ever!,"My friends and I had booked in here for 1 night beginning in July, room was dirty and in need of a good clean. Found hair on the bed linen, bathroom just awful. Mould in the window and curtains are horrid. Pictures of the hotel on website are not a true representative of what the hotel is like. Loads of rubbish bags outside of the hotel too. We complained and were shown 2 more rooms which were not really any better so we walked out. The hotel location is fantastic but that really is the only thing this hotel offers.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or20-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers-like,"What a disappointment. Stayed for 2 nights last week, I have stayed in this area before so I was optimistic. The location is super, just round the corner from Bayswater Tube station and a stroll to Hyde Park. That's where the positives stop. Reception was fine, but as soon as you went through the doors past reception you are met with the narrowest of stairs, faded carpet and grubby walls. Having climbed the flights of stairs with our cases, we found our room. It was old and grubby, the sash window was decayed and paint chipping, held open with a chain, and the bathroom was equally grim, and did not smell good. We had a triple room (one single and 1 double bed). 1 hanger in the wardrobe. We went to make tea on our first night and the UHT milk floated in our cups. The room was not…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or20-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",nice trip,"London is very interesting,the hotel Whiteleaf is near the centre , a lot off beatiful historical buildings, shops, good restaurants, the best was Westminster Abby , typical  london duoble decker bus, amazing Hyde park ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or20-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful. ,"My friend & I stayed here with her 18 month old little boy for 1 night. First they put us on 3rd floor of hotel (knowing we had a child) no lift access. Didn’t have a cot in the room although we asked them to make sure we had one. Had to wait 30 mins for them to actually find one and bring it up! Once they brought it up, it wouldn’t fit in our room! We had to push the beds together to be able to fit. The carpets were lifting, the single paned windows were creaky & chipped paint was everywhere from them. The bathroom was disgusting. We didn’t even use it in the end because of how awful it was. Unknown stains on walls & power sockets falling off - dangerous! Never again. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or20-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Needs updating ASAP,"On entering the hotel, the reception is very nice, bit dark but granite affect so looks smart. But as soon as you go past reception it looks and smells horrible.   Stayed in the basement room. Mould on the walls, bathroom is tiny, can hardly move in it.  Bathroom tap was hanging off.  Temperature of water is shocking, it’s either boiling hot or freezing cold. (Cannot adjust)  The chair in the room was broken. Couldn’t sit on it for fear of it collapsing and breaking a bone.  There were holes in all the bed linen.  Floor boards were lifting.  Fire alarm was hanging on with sellotape. Very narrow stairs to go down to the room so it made it difficult carrying heavy luggage.   Next day we stayed on the first floor, with a balcony. Couldn’t leave balcony doors open as the balcony…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or20-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I have Stayed in,"We stayed at the Whiteleaf Hotel for 4 nights from 30 May when a friend arrived from Brazil. The welcome was poor. The gentleman criticised a name sake previous guest, room we were allocated had paper peeling off the wall, water stains on the ceiling, less than 8 inches on one side of the double bed to walk, no signs on Fire drill, had to ask twice for the ht water to be switched on, only 2 sugar & 2 coffee in the room, took 4 requests for additional supplies, only ONE key for 2 people whereas we requested 2, extra pillows were NOT available & it took 24 hours for this to be rectified BUT only 1 pillow & 2nd was a cushion in a pillow case. Wardrobe had 2 heaters in it, so storing any clothes was not conducive. The gentleman at reception could not really care less. The lady was…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or25-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"Rooms were run down and dirty. Furniture broken, holes in walls, shower was dirty and didnt empty reception was dusty and dismal asked for extra pillow twice but never got one. Milk was turned in rooms. View out of window was a broken roof so kept curtains closed. Walls were damp as well as soft furnishings lights didnt work and the ones that did were on timers that went off after a few seconds which ment I brushed my teeth in the dark. Some staff at hotel were ok at best the others were rude. Says 3 min walk from hyde park. It's not its 3 mins from Kensington hyde park is 2.5 miles walk. Avoid",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or25-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Mess,Stay away from her the people the man on   Reception Is rude the lady was nice  The room r so poor  dirty   Disgusting cheap  Just not nice at all  The view fro  All windows r rubbish  Just say away 3 miles from Hyde park it says 3 mins on website,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or25-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","DO NOT LIVE HERE, it's an old and dirty disaster!","The hotel or actually hostel was terrible, awful and dirty. Everything broken or party fixed. I couldn't believe my eyes. It was first time in my life that I lived in such a sh*tty and dirty place. Shocking!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or25-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible !,"Honestly If I read reviews I would have never booked. Our room was moldy in basement, and at night I believe to have heard a mouse in the yard. The breakfast was not available but never mind. Also I had to ask them to take out the rubbish, as they would not clean or take out the rubbish, we were with 2 kids, one of them only 1 yr old so we had the nappies disposed.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or25-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear ,"Don't stay here. Mouldy disgusting cold damp dump. Windows broken plugs hanging off showers that don't work. It's everyone's nightmare. They dont care or refund either,  credit company took the money back. This place is disgusting and a death trap. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or30-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Honestly don’t go here!,So so sad that this beautiful road and area has this really terrible hotel - it could be so much better but I’d just so dirty/ grubby and feels unsafe . The hotel is falling apart and in a terrible state. I can even manage that but it’s just the dirt and mould are horrendous. The area is fabulous but there are so many other hotels nearby that are actually bearable. Don’t be fooled - I didn’t read the reviews before I went - even at the budget price it isn’t worth it .,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or30-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as reviews led us to believe,"This hotel could be beautiful but it has been very neglected.  When we got to the hotel, I explained that I had read the reviews and how bad they were and if they could not provide me and my sister with a clean room that had clean sheets, a working toilet, clean functional shower unit  and no mould then I wanted my money back!  We was given a choice of 2 rooms, a 3 bedded room g01 which stank of mould and although clean there were mould spores in the shower unit...we then went to room 103 and the difference was startling...clean smelling room, double bed and single bed, working TV, kettle and heater....clean sheets and towels and some toiletries and a hot working shower and working bathroom with no sign or smell of mould!!  We decided to stay and we had that room. I slept very…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or30-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book here,"Where to start? Let me just sum it up:  First the only good part: friendly and helpful staff, especially the lady of African/Carribean decent.  The bad stuff: - My friend had a room with a non-functioning toilet and had to be relocated, twice. - My toilet did flush, though not properly. - The temperature of the water of my shower was very hot, and could not be adjusted. - There was mold in my bathroom and the floor tiles were cracked and wobbly. - The toilet seat in my bathroom was damaged, so not hygienic. - My window could not be opened, luckily, a cracked part of the window let in just enough air so I did not suffocate. The window was fogged up on the inside for the whole three night stay. - The bed was more like a tampoline. - The floors are thin wood, so the place is very…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or30-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel itself was a living nightmare.,"The photos oN booking.com were not representative of the rooms we were offered. The rooms were full of damp and really cold. After seeing the first room (room n°108) I asked to move to a different room as we didn't want to damage our health by sleeping in a really damp and cold room, they moved us to room n° 304, 3rd floor. The stairs to get there were half broken and smelly. The room had six lights, but only one was working, the wallpaper was dirty and full of scratches, it was really cold and noisy overnight. The receptionists were really insensitive and it seemed like they didn't care at all. Showers were unusable as the water had hardly any pressure. I booked through booking.com. On this website, the pictures of the hotel look good and the first reviews were good, so I…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or30-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",London nightmare,"I want to share my personal experience. My son and I decided to go to London to relax and take a walk. Settled in Whiteleaf Hotel. Already that day were terrified. The furniture is old everywhere is dirty. They even managed to offer the son a girl of easy virtue. In general, moved out after 2 days. I do not advise.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or35-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Very worn hotel with miserable cleaning.,Very worn hotel with miserable cleaning. It was not cleaned the 3 days we stayed there. Only positive is central location. See the photo from the shower and lock into the room. all in miserable condition,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or35-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Dated but ideal,"I was really worried about staying here after reading the awful reviews. But I think for £38 a night, people need to adjust their expectations.   The location was superb - about 100m from the nearest underground station. The staff were lovely and really friendly. I stayed in room 305 and there's a bit of a hike up narrow stairs so if you do have a mobility issue, you really should let them know.   The room was basic but clean. Yes, it does need a refurb but it's not half as bad as some of these reviews would make out. Negatives: water pressure is an issue on the third floor and at some point, they've had a leak in the ceiling and haven't replastered.   For the price I paid, I would definitely return.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or35-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location and helpful, friendly staff","I visited the Whiteleaf Hotel with my daughter for 2 nights.  The hotel is very well placed within walking distance of Paddington Station and also very close to 2 tube stations.  It\’s situated in a nice quiet road with the next road much busier providing many eating places etc.  The hotel itself would benefit from being refurbished and the room we stayed in was a bit tatty but this wasn’t unexpected for the price we paid which was very reasonable.  Bed sheets were a bit thin for the winter months but another was provided on request and a heater was available in the room.  Tea and coffee was supplies were given when requested.  The staff were very helpful and friendly, particularly the lady who was working late the 2 evenings we were there, this made our stay enjoyable and…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or35-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Its fine,"Stayed here following a night out in town. If you want somewhere posh to stay with wife then this may not be the place for you.  But its cheap, clean, fairly quiet with nice staff.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or35-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely fu**ed,"This place is so bad it's actually kinda funny after you have left and got back to the secure warm comfortable surroundings of your own home. Negatives - electrical sockets not working,we were left with 1 socket and an extension lead. So much Mould everywhere there were a family of trolls living in the bathroom. Tiles fallen off the bathroom wall. Ceiling was covered in water damage marks. Heating did not work (we were given an electric radiator that didn't work, then given a fan heater that smelt like it had been running in a cemetery for years. The blanket was 1cm thick and the pillows were as if they had been filled with a bag of uneven stones. Positives - staff were friendly. Advice? Spend slightly more or you would probably be better sleeping rough.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or40-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Meh.,"This hotel I booked due to its cheaper prices, especially for the location right near Hyde Park. Me and my mother were going to the Winter Wonderland so I found the cheapest place and booked because I knew we wouldn't be in the hotel for long. Good job at that! I shan't go into details but this hotel needs a MAJOR update. Staff were friendly and rooms were sleep-able but definitely wouldn't stay again. Would recommend if you're the type to be out all day and only need a bed! Wouldn't recommend for anyone staying in London for longer than a night! Overall, the Wonderland was amazing but the hotel, not to my surprise wasn't. ",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or40-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not fit for no one,"How this hotel is still trading is beyond me. First filthy room 304, no towels, no duvet, no pillows!! Mould all around windows, stained floors, walls, broken flush, Double bed didn’t even fit properly. Moved to a ground floor room, again utter filth, flush didn’t work, even all the furniture is dated and dirty, the list goes on, please check the photos out. Unfortunately we had no choice to stay the one night as we couldn’t afford to book somewhere else. DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL. Adding photos!!",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or40-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not fit for homeless people,"Please do not book this property has it is discusting, black mould in the rooms, room decor and curtains filthy, absolutely disgraceful, please please do not book, would not refund us we did not even unpack",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or40-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away!!!,"We've booked superior room for 3 people and got the room in basement! Hotel is disgraceful!!! Please stay away!!! When we checked in, a couple was just leaving the place, said they could not stay in such a conditions. We were staying in superior room, i dont want to see how standstd rooms look like.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or40-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Very bad, old hotel.","This is a very bad hotel. In an old house. Rooms are very small and dirty. No heating on the third floor. No water pressure on the third floor. Shower does not work. Avoid room number 305 at least. Staff is friendly, but can not do much. The owner clearly does not care. This could be a very good and nice hotel, if the owner would invest and not have the hotel be so unbelievably run down. Lights broken, no extra blanket available, nothing. This is one of the lower priced ones, I understand. But still this is not worth 240 GBP for four nights. Even 25 GBP per night would be too much.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or45-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Whiteleaf Hotel, Bayswater, London.","Booked this Hotel as it was reasonably priced and near the tube station. My family and i were sightseeing so the location was ideal. However the Hotel itself was very poor. I had booked a Triple room which was extremely dated and so was the hotel in general, The bed room had a burnt iron print on a dirty red carpet, old metal windows which had black mould around the surround, mattresses which were stained and you could feel the springs and when in bed you felt like you would roll out. The sockets on the wall were very loose and i didn't feel safe  plugging my phone charger in.I asked for 2 spare pillows at reception only to be told they only had 1. It was very lumpy and i discarded it as it wasn't fit for purpose. My husband and i had a very bad nights sleep as did my son.  On a…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or45-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute hotel,"Trains were not running bank holiday weekend so needed a hotel last minute. We came across this one cheap and available.We were a bit apprehensive after reading reviews.  Upon arriving pleasantly surprised reception staff very welcoming, room nice and clean and had a lovely terrace with a great view.  Would definitely go back and stay there again. Bargain for £51 !",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or45-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"Just recently stayed at the above hotel on a Saturday night over the bank holiday weekend.   We only paid £53 so our expectations were not that high, but in all honesty we were surprised, the room may have been a bit worn and could have done with a lick of paint, but the room was clean, and smelled fresh, we even had a small terrace which we enjoyed after an evening out in the town. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay again",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or45-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good location at an affordable price,"What I love: great location + affordable price + friendly staff. What I dislike: too old, no daily cleaning service, bad water system. However, considering the price and its location which is close to everything from the bus & train stations, the market & souvenir shops, the many restaurants, and the nearby parks, I think it's worth my time and money over the 3 nights here.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or45-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",value stay right by Hyde Park,"The White Leaf is a very good value hotel close to tube stations, great eateries and Hyde Park. The decor is dated and the carpetting upstairs threadbare but the room was clean, staff friendly and helpful so ideal for us after a concert in the park. Be aware there is no lift (we were on 3rd floor!) and no aircon but there was a large fan in the room.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or50-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"This hotel is shocking! No air con, torn carpets on the stairs. The fire doors are held open with objects. The beds are broken and the mattress"" are of very poor quality. It is not very clean. Very small rooms. The lady on reception was polite and helpful. I like most people didn't read the reviews before booking. Please do not stay here!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or50-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"Unfortunately I didn’t check the reviews before booking this hotel, a mistake I won’t make again. Stairs to room were steep and uneven with ripped carpets. Damp on walls in room, ceiling leaking water, door looked like it may have been kicked in a few times, room smelt awful, towels smelt, sockets didn’t work, window wouldn’t close properly. Got to the room just before 11pm to find the ceiling dripping water. Had to wait an hour in reception for the maintenance man to come. One couple came to reception and had no water in their room. Another came back from a day out, they had left their luggage in reception to find one of the bags had gone. When the maintenance man arrived all he did was put a towel under the leak. Was offered an apartment further down the road, the area wasn’t…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or50-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Eye opener even after reading the reviews ,"I would be here all night writing about this place. I'll summarise it this way. If you are looking for a one night stay you could just about bear it. We paid 120 sterling for one night stay. The front and lobby look ok. When you go through the doors it's just worn out tired dirty and needs a complete overhaul. The attic room we stayed in has steps to it which have to be deemed dangerous. They are steep and grip is minimal. The carpet moves underneath you. Place is shabby and tired. Walls are dirty,skirting boards covered in smeared dirt. Sheets were clean. It is not very nice. Handy for Hyde Park and tube. One star at an effort. Breakfast room and food no words. Dim and dangerous the steps down to it. Not a bit like the pictures. Would not return. ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or50-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",1 night stay for Hyde Park Concert,I have stayed in basic rooms and I'm not in the habit of complaining unnecessarily but I have to point the Whiteleaf Hotel as a bad one. On arriving the receptionist while dealing with our booking was having a shouting match with guests she had booked in before us. The lobby was ok but OMG when we had to make our way to the attic on a threadbare filthy carpet alarm bells were ringing. The place stank and the stairs was so narrow and dangerous. How they pass any type of inspections for Health and Safety beats me. The room 303 had 2 beds a double and single bare badly stained bases with sheet covered mattresses and light duvets. The carpet looked as if it didn't have a vacuuming in months. The bathroom was dirty and small. No hot water and we discovered the door had some sticky…,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or50-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking customer service,When told about family situation via emailing them the reason for cancellation they went on to take the funds. If they want good reputation they should consider being more understanding. Putting customers first is the way forward.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or55-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Stayed for 1 night..excellent location..stayed in room 207..clean bed..clean bathroom..breakfast included Excellent price...hotel is tired and dated, but you get what you pay for. Reception staff quite friendly. Would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or55-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not even worth a star...,"Absolutely hated it here, stairs are dangerous, staff were rude, very poorly decorated and in major need of repair. I know it’s cheap but it shouldn’t be a health and safety hazard. The maids only clean every 3 days... DO NOT STAY HERE. We would not stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or55-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Unsanitary and unsafe regardless of the price!,"PLEASE READ AND HEED THE REVIEWS BEFORE BOOKING HERE! Treacherous stairway to the kitchen No new towels daily Mice and slugs Unhelpful staff that bordered on rude Shady, unsafe area. Left everyday with all our valuables  The only positive is the location to the tube",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or55-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Unhygienic and worst hotel we ever experienced !!,"We are family of four and has the worst 6 nights experience in all our travelling life. We were given a family room in the basement and on the first night mice was running around our room and my kids were jumping till thoses mices ran into a hole behind the sink. Upon checking, those mices has nibble through some of our unopen Oreo biscuit packs and its droppings were everywhere inclusive our wide-open luggages. We reported this matter to the receptionist and we are given another set of keys to move to the second floor, non of the staff help us to move our luggages up, plus the receptionist did told us that sometimes there were even mice near the side of the reception counter. Two days without hot water due to the main boiler broke down. No housekeeping (cleaning) or new towels…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or55-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break awful hotel,Arrived and all looked good from the outside should have realised when they handed me a key and down we went to our triple room!!!!!!!! What can I say tatty tired scruffy I walked in and walked out spoke to desk and asked to be moved and was told this is a economy hotel!!! My reply no excuse for tatty rooms  Carpet thread bear Beds shocking Tiles looked dirty  Walls dirty No bulbils in lights No plug in sink No teaspoon cheap coffee dirty tops We basically did not unpack!!!!!  We could have been moved but couldn't be bothered as we only wanted to sleep here asked to get lights working and plug!!!!  Breakfast cold not much choice cheap!!!!!  I paid a decent amount for this room and awful the staff not helpful   Do not go here ,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or60-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst nightmare ever.,"Firstly the customer service was awful . The lady was very very rude and not helpful at all. She wasn't intrested in helping us or trying to give us information anout recieving our money back!!! PICTURES LOOK NOTHING LIKE THE HOTEL. broke sockets, curtains not even measured to shut the light out. Toilet facilities was shocking. This place was a nightmare... the hotel smelt and the room was dirty and cold... please do not waste your money, even on a budget.  I didnt stay the night.  Defiantly didn't feel safe!!!!",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or60-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT ENTER ,"Firstly, I would like to say that i would rather sleep outside than stay at this place ever again. At first glance from the outside, the place looked pretty good. From second glance, it was okay. But from the third glance, i was ready to go back home.   There were so many things wrong with this place. We visited very recently, last week, and there were so many things wrong with the place that i had to start making a list in order to not forgot any. Let’s start from the entrance. The main lobby looks fancy and well looked after, but don’t let that fool you. We had to climb a set of around 6 seperate, thin, and broken down stairs with our heavy luggage in order to get to our room (see photos attached).  Our room was a disaster. There’s so much i’m just gonna put it in dotpoints. *…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or60-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,Awfull hotel stain everywere blood in bed urin in bed bed bugs just awfull trash in all garden very rude people working there not helpfull at all dirt stain in bathroom toilet not working wall paper falling off walls just terrible we moved out after 1 hour could not stay there and they wont give us money back ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or60-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY!!,I was absolutely appauled at my visit here. The staff were vert rude. Two women one middle aged and clearly has a chip on her shoulder. Maybe menopause or something. Sat there behind their counter whispering and laughing. As i was there they revieved phone calls and every time thwyd hang up they would gossip about whichever customer who called. No respect!!!!! Me and my family felt really uncomfortable here and would advise everybody to just not bother. Any querh we had would get a very cocky reply and just not friendly at all. Young girl behind the counter too busy texting on her phone and looking as if youre something on the bottom of her shoe to even do any work at all. The room was spacious and presented well but stains were left on the bathroom walls amd in the shower.…,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or60-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Rooms are very small, and communal toilet is tinny!  Breakfast is by far the best part of the service offered by the hotel. However, the hotel was very cheap, and was in a good location, with easy access to the tube.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or65-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",STAY FAR AWAY!,"Before I start let me say that I have never written a bad review before and am generally against it. But how this hotel treated us today was just beyond all possible limits.  We didn't get to actually visit the place because THE HOTEL CANCELED OUR RESERVATION 1 DAY BEFORE ARRIVAL, even though I booked a room almost 1 MONTH in advance!  They waited all this time to send me a last minute email saying that they didn't accept my card. So we put the details of my boyfriend's credit card to finalize the payment instead. In response they sent me a weird authorization form (even with a wrong room type which I didn't book) demanding to print it, fill in and sign it by hand, sending along with my boyfriend's ID and copy (front and back) of his credit card (!) as he was the new card…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or65-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!,"Apologies for the long review but I need to share! I knew I was booking a basic 2 star accommodation at point of booking however I did not expect anything like this! This was a last minute booking and alternative affordable rooms near the area I needed were very limited.   The town house and hotels in this area are perfectly situated. Buildings look very elegant.  Upon arrival, there was no acknowledgement by the reception team and it took them a good few minutes to finish their conversations in their own language before acknowledging me to book in. I had to provide full ID as part of the booking process.   After the administration process, I was presented with a key for the second floor quadruple accommodation room, £110 per night, the receptionist found it funny that I had…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or65-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting and disgraceful experience ,"This is the worst place I have ever stayed, absolutely disgusted with the events of the last few days. Do not stay here!   Upon arrival the receptionist began our poor time here. First of all she was very poor and explaining the payment procedure with a payment coming up on the machine that she couldn't explain in which she stated 'just press enter it will sort itself out'. Very unprofessional.   So we got to the room, never seen anything like it. All the carpets were ripped and barely stuck to the floor, the door frame was damaged and the lock on the door didn't look safe, decorating was awful, and the room had a terrible smell. So we moved rooms after the receptionist seining reluctant for us too. This was slightly better until the next receptionist who started her shift came…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or65-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here or the apartment properties!,Let me first say that I am not one of those travelers who always complain. I have traveled through Europe and the US and usually stay in budget accommodations and self catering apartments. But this place is the worst! At first our family studio appears perfectly adequate. Then my husband awoke to water falling on him from the ceiling! The bed got s soaked water puddled along the floor it was so much leakage. Thankfully our twins were in the next bed. I complained and was given another room which we had to move our sleeping children and all our belongings to a room that I didn't want due to the layout but at least it was dry. When the manager arrived I went to complain and he told me it wasn't their  fault! In fact he blamed the guests upstairs and their showering habits. When I…,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or65-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as expected,"On reading previous reviews of this hotel was extremely worried about our stay which was only compounded on arrival and hearing other guests refusing to stay in their dirty rooms however, our room albeit a bit tired and worn (carpet) was not too bad and the beds had clean sheets and pillow cases - the bathroom was small (the shower) but adequate for what we needed it for.  The room smelt of bleach when first entering so had been cleaned. Overall the stay was not bad but not sure if I would stay again due to previous bad reviews.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or70-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Just amazing,"The room was exactly how showed in the pictures. Clean room, simple design but really welcoming. Staff was really friendly and available about everything especially the receptionist Alina who helped us solving out a problem due a wrong booking. One of our best stay in London. Absolutely recommended, will stay there again for sure in the future.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or70-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",A One Night Stay.,"We were welcomed with a friendly smile and a very professional approach. Check in was quick and easy and the lady on reception was very polite and helpful. We were advised about our room and that if we travelled on the underground how this could affect the key's performance on our return. We were able to leave the key on reception and collect when we returned as the desk was open 24 hours.  When we did arrive back in the wee small hours, the lady on reception (not the same lady as earlier) was very welcoming. I asked for more coffee and she was happy to help. We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or70-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy and tatty,"I am so thankful that I paid a discounted price for this hotel (around £37) - whereas you can pay a lot closer to the £100 mark. This hotel was filthy and everything was falling apart. I am sure I have booked a single with an en-suite but arrived and it was a room with shared bathroom facilities - at this point I was too tired to argue. The shared bathroom was a joke - more like a cupboard with a shower which only produced freezing cold water and resulted in anything on the tiny bit of floor space available getting soaking wet. The bedroom was boiling hot, carpets worn, bed unbelievably uncomfortable - i'd hate to think how old the mattress is - i even started to itch and had a couple of bites by morning. This place is a joke I'd advise anyone to stay clear!!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or70-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Green day stop over,"Our room was very clean and simply decorated. Very overpriced for what we got for our money, but the staff were lovely and very helpful  We went for this hotel as it said it was an 8 min walk to Hyde park (we were going to theGreen day concert there). It wasn't, it was 20  Wasn't sure what was being served for breakfast, it didn't look great",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or70-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Just wow ,"You kind of expect a smaller sized room when you visit London , but the shower was so small you would have to open the door to bend down and pick something up , the mattress had a larger slope than some of our Scottish Munros , the tv was that small I had a larger screen on my iPad , the rooms look as if a local hobbo was paid to do the upkeeping  work , then we come to breakfast , croissants that were just  bread rolls made to look like croissants, coffee that was flavoured water, and nothing else was available  , staff that never spoke , broken floor tiles in ""breakfast"" room were a serious trip hazard , not just one but a few , so all in all , avoid ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or75-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Nice quiet hotel,"Good location and quite, rooms are basic and little run down. Ideal for one night but not long stay. Breakfast was perfect lots of selection and well presented. Lovely and quiet and very close to tube station and restaurants",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or75-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel but desperately needs renovating ,"Upon arrival at the hotel, the exterior was fairly impressive. The receptionist was attentive and she explained the room wasn't ready yet but we could keep our bags there & come back later. I passed her my rucksack and she just put it behind the desk - no name, no room number...nothing. I left really concerned for my belongings - thinking anyone could claim them as their own. I came back a few hours later to get my room key & claim my bag. A receptionist gave me my key & when I asked to take my bag, he pointed to all the bags and told me to go ahead - no bags were named or numbered so I could have taken any! Very concerning. Security needs a serious rethink! Luckily, my bag was still there so I took it from across the desk & went to my room.  We were on the second floor - no…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or75-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Morbidly grim and filthy,"Nice facade, nice people, nice hotel lobby but if this is where you're considering staying for a trip to London - my advice is: avoid, avoid, avoid.  We stayed in room 303 which is up four flights of narrow, steep stairs and threadbare carpet.  The room itself had a wafer thin threadbare I'll fitting red carpet that had deteriorated to become part of the floorboards and it was completely filthy. Covered in mud, drink stains, iron burns and just general filth. The bed sheets had long dark hairs on, very obviously not ours. The bed itself was a very unpleasant wooden framed monster with a thin unpleasant mattress.  The ensuite had a toilet crammed so close to the wall you had to sit on it sideways, the shower leaked all over the floor and it had more dark hairs congealed into the…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or75-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not good ,"This is easily the dirtiest hotel I've ever  stayed in. I had to kick a water bottle out of the way to shut the toilet door, there's signs warning not to take drugs in the rooms, smell of fresh cigarette smoke, the beds have huge dents in, no kettle, storage space is leaving your belongings next to the main door, there's holes in the chairs that look like burns in them, walls are damp.   The area the hotel is in is really nice. The look of the hotel from the front is really nice. Staff are pleasant. Bed cover does seem clean. If you're really desperate maybe stay here. Really really desperate.   ",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or75-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money! Good staff and clean,"I was surprised by the bad reviews! I stayed there for 1 night with my wife and consider this hotel a great value for money in London since it was cheap (50), near to the main train station which is 15min walking and safe neighbourood and the staff was really good plus the rooms are like the photos with all the amenities you need! The bed could be better but for a short stay was perfect!  Breakfast is good and is not that basic because it includes crepes, eggs etc! Summary: Good for short stays",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or80-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap solution for a 1 night stay,"LOCATION: easily accessible, short walk to Queensway and Bayswater tube, bus stop right outside. Quaint district, restaurants, bars and convenience store run parallel to the hotel. PROPERTY: very basic and budget market, common areas are very tired and rundown, investment require to bring this hotel in line with our budget hotels in this price range. ROOM: decent compact size for the city central location, I opted for a room with private bathroom (RM204) room decor was tired and furniture odd and tired. Carpet had iron burns, bathroom was ok, clean but very poor, fittings all loose, water pressure was all or nothing (hot/cold), toilet flush was problematic FACILITIES: breakfast was included but I wasn't enticed to go down and sample, plus it was a short stop over for me between…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or80-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","LOOK AT PHOTOS- DO NOT VISIT. Disgusting cleanliness levels, useless non caring staff.","Shame you can only upload 10 photos- I took 38. Christ, where to start?! Manager did not even apologise for the absolute disgrace of a room. Our first room had dried food over all cutlery and bowls which we had to clean before using it. The lights were hanging out the ceiling- one blew up. Shower doors wouldn't close. Found used dirty cutlery shoved to the back of a top cupboard. The shower head was infested with grime and germs, so so dirty. Hairs and stains all over the mattress. We complained and got moved to a second room which was twice as if not ten times as bad. When we got there, there was pubic hairs on the floor and in the sink and shower. Rubbish in the sink, filthy cutlery again, microwave hadn't even been cleaned there was dry food all over the dish and sides. No…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or80-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear,"Pros. The room we had was decorated two weeks ago so was fresh looking.  The staff were helpful when there was a issue with the booking. Good location   Cons. Beds awful. Double quilt in a single cover doubled over. Double blanket folded in half in a cover on the other bed. Freezing cold, they had no spares. Noise horrendous every step made in the building seemed to shake the ceiling. No kettle in room, no hairdryer, sit sideways on the loo. Hairs in the bed, we were right next to the breakfast room so from 7am you can't sleep anymore. Only one pillow that was about as much use as a chocolate teapot.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or80-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Hotel and Amenities but Priced very fairly for Central London,"From previous reviews I can see that some rather harsh things have been said of the Whiteleaf hotel. Yes its true that the Hotel is very basic and there are clearly some signs of wear and tear around the place. The room that I stayed could have done with some general decoration and some updates to the windows and bathroom area. However to put things into the perspective, considering its central London location, the Hotel is priced very fairly. The bed was very comfortable and the linen and towels very clean. There was plentiful hot water, and the room offered additional facilities such as Tea and Coffee Making facilities, TV  Fan , Heater etc.   Breakfast was included and whist it was not extensive, it was perfectly good in my opinion and included continental breakfast, Tea…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or80-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID! 😠,"Good location, terrible room! 😠 Problems from start. Room not cleaned we had to wait, not hot water unless you go and ask to be turn on! Toilet doesn't flush. The last morning of our visit the water was turned off totally before we checked out!! 😠 We had to ask to be turned back on again! The bed moving all the time due to the lack of carpet to hold it in place!  No discount or apologies for our unconfortable short stay from the owner even after writing a letter of complaint!  We have to give a good mark to the staff. Lots of improvements to do for the price the hotel charges! 😠",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or85-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst I've ever seen!,"The rooms were dirty, smelly and very moldy. The floors were sticky and clearly hadn't been cleaned for quite some time. Stairs to the rooms were disgusting and the carpet was broken on most steps. I asked for a room change but they said to be fully booked.. I had booked this hotel in advance but ended up not staying there and finding another hotel close by! Would never ever recommend staying there!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or85-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Lazy, dated, rundown hotel.","Upon arrival we climbed 2 flights of threadbare carpeted stairs, trying not to fall through the missing spindles of the balustrade (which seem to of been missing since 2014, looking through other pics), and sidestepping the litter. We entered the room using a Yale key, not a problem, but there were signs it had modernised to using electronic keys, and then cut costs and never bothered with the upkeep to run the system. This will be a recurring theme. We entered the room and were in shock at the state of it. Simple things to start with. Light bulbs missing or not working. Dirty bathroom fan, easily reachable to clean. Loo brush dirty. Broken crisp on floor. Mismatched bed bases on a double bed, not even covered with a valance either. Broken skirting boards. Broken bedside unit. 2…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or85-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Could do better, a lot, lot better ","Spent 2 nights here with the other half    From the outside, it looks great, and the location is spot on with Hyde park close as well as transport hubs such as Bayswater tube station  literally 2 mins away.   Inside however, is a different story.   It just looks so dated and in dire need of a facelift. If the owners could take a time out, get some money spent on the rooms etc to bring them up to standard with decor and furnishings, then it'd generate so much more for them. As it stands, it seems to be a pot luck to the service and room you get, to illicit a good or bad review... mostly bad reviews by the look of it.   Our room (107) was ok in a bad bunch of ok's. Quiet at the rear, but niggly quirks such as both taps with hot water, electric point hanging of the wall and a…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or85-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Scabby hotel,"You would think that with the billions poured into research and with the assistance of Kofi Annan, Ban ki mooon and Nadal that hotels could after 40 years supply a clean room with a decent shower... But no! I am very disappointed with the value for money of this hotel and I will be raising a complaint with hotels.com through whom I booked.   It is tired and dirty... And reading for the other reviews this appears to be standard running for this place.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or85-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",holiday,"Its a budget hotel with no frills at all, cleaning of room every three days, no extra toilet paper rolls or toiletries even if you ask for them. No elevator so its no good for the elderly or disabled as the stairs are very high and steep.  No fridge in room and you need to pay 2 pounds to make use of a smart phone which do not connect to all countries. The shower was an issue as its either cold or very hot water its hard to adjust it for warm water.  We had a T.V and also a kettle with tea and coffee. Location is very good in Bayswater next to  two tube stations which connect London and next to many Resturants and shops.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or90-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable for the price.,"The room was very small. The toilet and shower areas are also smalll. Not a room you want to linger in during a stay in London, but acceptable for the price.  No TV as described in the room description which is a minus. You can borrow an andorid smart phone for your stay which is a nice touch!  Would have a higher budget in order to get a better room for the next stay in London.  /F",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or90-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",House of hell ,Thought Gordon Ramsey was going to pay a visit filthy place cockroaches windows wouldn't stay open in the bathroom cupboard an incontinence pad and toilets paper  bugs on floors food breakfast discussing staff didn't care asked for toilet paper and none received terrible filthy place fridge was broken as were cupboards no tea or coffee or sugar supplied  toes nails on the bed shower doors wouldn't open up correctly  One morning cold showers I've sent two emails to the hotel regarding this disgraceful place and no reply I even paid in advance ,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or90-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good and very comfortable stay,"For the price we paid, the hotel was very good. The free wifi, free morning breakfast and the new handy device they are starting at the hotel is very smart and helpful for their customers. The room we had was great - the view not so much but again for the price we paid for it was expected and not a great issue. My girlfriend and i did not have any problem with space at all. Issues that were not as good was the water. The water for the shower was very cold and we could only get it to low-warm temperature and when we were brushing our teeth or using the sink, the water needed quite a lot of time to drain. Apart from this the bed was very comfortable and it was a very quite and good looking area. Even better was that its very easy to located as it's very close to the tube station.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or90-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers at its worst,"Literally disgusting. Double ensuite room barely big enough to swing a kitten let alone a cat. The ensuite was a joke, a pokey cupboard with a sink, toilet and shower crammed in. The ""double bed"" was two singles pushed together and the sheets and covers were horrendous. In fact Horrendous is how I would describe the whole place.   Fawlty towers at its worst!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or90-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty hotel, the worst breakfast I have ever eaten","- The hotel is dirty. The bathroom is a fungus, sunken beds, everything looks completely different than the pictures. The worst breakfast I have ever eaten. Sandwiches with disgusting salad, about 20 slices of cheese and ham (horrible) for 40 people, added to 10 minutes, so we all stood in line and waited for the food. No vegetables, fruits, supplements, salads, sausages, eggs. The operator was doing it on purpose, because the less you eat, the greater the savings. DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDED AND BREAKFAST HOTEL.   + The hotel has a great location, next to subway stations, bus. A lot of restaurants, shops, everything. Peaceful, quiet and beautiful surroundings.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or95-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Go Elsewhere,"The room is horrendous! Cheap sheets, wallpaper coming off, chips all over the wood and skirting boards, the hot water takes 5 minutes to get warm up and you can barely move in the shower it is that small, there is no double glazing re windows, the mattress is lumpy and the wifi and TV signal goes every so often.   The good points are that it is very close to the Bayswater and Queensway tubes, the staff are friendly, the breakfast is ok although minimal, not noisy, you get tea and coffee in the room and the area it is in is lovely.  It is not worth £60 a night.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or95-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst accommodations ever,"Completely remodeled in 2011? You must be kidding! Worn out curtains, bed, kitchen, floor, burned out lights and mildewed shower. Cheap tile job throughout and mind the lift gap! Breakfast in the hotel basement is down the street past the vagrants and hostel hanger outs. Other than close to the Tube station, there is nothing else to recommend the place. Keep searching for a better room!",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or95-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Sucks so hard,We are staying here since yesterday but the shower doesn't come out. And we told the reception about it. And the maintenance man came to our room but really rude and finally he just told me that was broken. And tell the reception again but they just told us they were gonna check again. Of course that was broken. But they don't do anything for us. And again the maintenance man came to our room rudely and checked and it worked for a minute and he said that was working without saying sorry. Really bad. Maybe we are asian. Seemed like they are looking down on us. So sad.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or95-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",short stay,Stayed for 3 nights before moving on to Brighton. Room was average size but clean. staff were fantastic and very friendly. great location with easy public transport. restaurants close with super market handy. we would stay there again.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or95-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",overnight stay,"overnight stay as visiting hyde park for a concert.  Rooms are basic, we had booked 4 rooms.  there are no stairs in the hotel so if you have luggage it could be a struggle up the narrow stairs.  The room décor is very tatty and in need of redecoration.  in one of our rooms the shower water was too hot to stand under.  Another room there was no cold water in the sink and the shower only came out in a dribble.  We paid £60 per room per night and certainly wouldn't pay a penny more.  Its fine for an overnight stay just to crash but wouldn't want to stay there any longer.  Breakfast is basis, tea/coffee two choices of cereal, toast, pancakes which were cold. although they will do you eggs and baked beans although we didn't try these.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or100-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Omg!! Looks are very decieving,"Stayed here mid week with friends and family and between us we had 4 rooms. They were all diabolical I am so glad the weather was fab so we could sit outside the hotel front ( this was the best bit ). The single room was like a prison cell, the double mattress didn't exist was sleeping on springs, triple room mattresses were smaller than the bed bases and beds didn't have wheels; as we wanted to push together as my daughter didn't feel safe,  and the Quadroom well .... There was no fans for ventilation the carpets filthy and the shower room was a health hazard; full of mould.  The staff didn't understand any of our issues so we gave up and stayed out as long as possible.  Breakfast well....that's the worse attempt at Continental breakfast I have ever seen which was shocking as I…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or100-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"Frightening. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It is true that the location is excellent, near the underground station, but I would rather be a bit further away and in a better hotel. In the room everything was old and worn, the floor carpet old and stained. O night table that seemed to have been found on the street. Housekeeping was minimal. Breakfast was awful. They gave as little and cheap as possible. Both coffee and tea seemed dirty water. The staff at the cafeteria did not speak English, so it was impossible to communicate to ask something. A section of the cafeteria was in darkness and they didn´t set light on when people occupied it. The first night we got a room that had a little old bathroom, one of the fawcets was loose and moved. We asked to be moved to another…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or100-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Needs updating,"We stayed here for just the one night,family room,myself,my wife and our 7 year old son.The hotel is in a great location,very close to Hyde Park and 2 mins walk from Quuensway and Bayswater tube stations.On first impressions the Hotel looks nice outside and the reception area is clean and well maintained.The staff were very helpful and pleasant at check in.Our room was quite spacious but could do with updating,as could the stairways and hallways.A lick of paint could do wonders for this hotel.Breakfast was a bit disappointing,not much choice and not much of it. I would stop here again but only for a night or maybe 2,saying that for what we paid I wasn't expecting luxury.I feel this hotel could be very good if some money was invested and the place spruced up a bit and a bit more…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or100-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"We wanted somewhere cheap to stay, in a good location for getting around London by tube. The Whiteleaf Hotel seemed to tick the boxes. However, you really do get what you pay for! We asked for 2 rooms near to each other and the receptionist (who was lovely) said we would have to be on the 3rd floor. No problem, we thought. Then we started up the stairs. They were very narrow and steep and the carpet was worn at the edges of the stairs making them quite dangerous. Each flight had a door at the top, which was difficult to negotiate whilst carrying a suitcase. The very top flight had a bend at the top where the handrail ran out, plus a door. I am surprised none of us had a fall! Our room had two very uncomfortable beds, tea and coffee making facilities but only one cup and one…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or100-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",I enjoyed my stays here,"I don't understand why some people are giving this hotel such awful reviews. I found the staff nothing but friendly and helpful. Maybe we receive what we put out? I had the same room on each of my two visits here, so I have no idea what the other rooms were like. I needed the lowest level room since I can't climb lots of stairs. My own single en-suite was adequate, quiet ( at the rear of the building), there was clean bedding and towels and plenty of hot water in the shower. I had a tv and there was a phone charger that fitted my Samsung A3. I was out in London all day long, and so with 24 check-in / reception, close to two Tube stations, with a bus stop right outside, close to a Q-park car park, this was a good budget hotel in a great location. One male receptionist even went…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or105-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Ragged, difficult to access, no shower!","This hotel was close enough to Paddington Station to be convenient and reasonably priced.  Those are its only advantages.  The stairs are dangerously narrow for anyone carrying luggage, the room was shabby and not stocked with toilet tissue, and the shower had no water!!  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone travelling in London.  Breakfast was down yet another flight of steep, narrow stairs,  and hardly worth the effort.  TV access was only radio stations, no movie or TV shows.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or105-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel..,I advise strongly against staying at this hotel. It's dirty run very poorly no management about to raise any issues too.  When I say it's dirty please understand what I mean I've seen cleaner pub toilets and would rather stay in one than stay here again..  It's run poorly meaning 1 member of staff on on a Saturday night booking 20+ people in.  No manager around to voice my concern to about being charged twice. I got handed a peace of paper with a email address on it and got told to raise my issue here.  There was people complaining all night about a lot of different issues I would never recommend anyone staying here.. ,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or105-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Cheap hotel. Was there for 5 nights, and all they did in the room was replace the towels once. WC was malfunctioning, but they fixed that when we told them. Same with the cold water. The location was really good; close to Hyde Park, restaurants, convenience stores and relatively close to Oxford Street.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or105-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Surprised at some reviews.,"Read other reviews and was a  little worried. My daughter's  had booked this hotel for one night without looking. Our room was a triple room, plenty of space.  Ok a coat of paint wouldn't have gone amiss. The carpet was ok,again if being picky l wouldn't have had it at home. Bathroom was clean as was the room. WARNING though the water is extremely hot and does come out off both taps !!! (We told reception on leaving). There was tea and coffee in the room( some review said non). There was soap and shower gel in the bathroom (some review said non). I took extra just in case. Flat screen tele that worked and a phone in the room that you could use for all calls for £2 per day. Quite a good idea l thought. Breakfast was continental but you could order eggs done as you wanted. There…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or105-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Book at you own risk... literally...,"If you need just a place to sleep and store your belongings, go for it. I stayed there for 3 nights after my sister left. The facilities were so outdated. My curtain wasn't closed properly, I went down to ask them to come fix it. Took them at least an hour to show up. The guy saw it and asked ""What do you want me to do with it?"" I was like are you serious? He hung out a bed sheet and said he would come back and fix it the next day. The next day when I came back from sightseeing, they replaced it with a new curtain. I'm glad he kept his promise.   The internet connection is terrible, the room was not tidy. I assume they don't clean it up until you checkout. And it looked to me that they probably only take out trash in the bathroom but didn't clean it? I don't know... Like I said,…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or110-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Makes Fawlty Towers look like a 5*,"My room was tiny, the double bed was two singles pushed together so I sort of sank between the two and did not sleep very well. The shower was erratic, the breakfast was basic and the coffee was awful. I won't be back",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or110-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!!,My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights. Was absolutely filthy - not been cleaned in forever I think!! Breakfast and room very basic for price. Location was perfect for touring London and all we needed close to the hotel. Personally was a bed for the night so was ok for us but I wouldn't stay here again. Had to pay for my fathers room too - even though he had been admitted to hospital the morning we checked in - appalling!!  It was a quiet place to sleep and bed not too bad.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or110-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",shocking book at your own risk,"Looks respectable from outside, but looks are deceiving. Horrible smell due to filthy carpet. Room was tiny. Kettle and cups to make drinks but have to buy own tea/coffee. Curtains didn't close due to poor fit and hem on them was taken down to make length right. Smoke alarm was covered with a bag and i approached staff to get it sorted, I was told it was previous people in there that covered it to have a smoke yet when bloke took bag off the smoke alarms was broke and hanging from the ceiling. Toilet would only flush when it felt like it. Several things were badly stained, beds, toilet, carpets etc. I feel in the event of a fire people would die. Breakfast was very basic, had choice of cornflakes or branflakes so not kiddy friendly!! I most certainly WOULD NOT recommend this…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or110-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",good,"the staff very helpful. The hotel is a little run down, the room was ok there was an iron burn mark on the carpet. The bed was comfortable. the shower decided to stop working half way through i had to turn it off and then back on again, then it was alright.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or110-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as some reviews reflect,"Although the price was good, the room size and facilities within were average only one light was working in the bedroom with no room service provided by the staff during our 2 day stay, the breakfast was very basic and on day one there was no fruit juice very poor.  The communal areas are worn out and dated and needs to updating.  The staff in reception were helpful and the shower was nice and hot but these were the only positives, the toilet was so small it was very difficult to use God knows how people over 5 and half feet cope?  Disappointing won't be using again",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or115-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for short London stay,"Two of my friends and I stayed overnight in this hotel whilst we were in London to see a show. For the price, it was fantastic. The room was clean, the beds comfortable and the location is superb, being less than 5 minutes from bayswater station which links to the circle and district lines. Breakfast was also provided in the hotel which, whilst it lacked imagination (toast, cereals, boiled eggs and yoghurt) was acceptable and there was plenty. If i was nitpicking Id say the room could do with a bit of a fix up, as the curtains did not fully close, but this in no way impacted our stay. Staff too were delightful and helpful. We all would be happy to return.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or115-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",One of the dirtiest places,"Receptionist was very kind and helpful, however room was very rundown and had a strange and strong smell-maybe because of the filthy carpet; bathroom very small and its cleanliness was also very poor. I will not return here.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or115-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel,"My colleague booked this hotel for another of our work colleagues in January. She paid by credit card which had sufficient funds on it and had a reservation booking confirmation email sent through. Our work Colleague turned up late at night and told no room was under his name or the company name by a very unhelpful receptionist. Colleague then paid a further cost for another room after thinking accommodation hadn't been booked for him.  When he called into office we clarified we had an email and called the hotel and spoke with a lady called Marianne who couldn't find the booking, but once given the reservation number on the email found it. She then said she would get the money swiftly refunded. Credit card statement has just come through and money has been removed but not…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or115-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful Service,"Booked a room on behalf of someone for a business trip, paid on my card and was assured this was sufficient.  The person arrived late in the night as was advised to the hotel, he was greeted by a receptionist who made him pay the cost in cash. Once he got to his room, he opened the door to find two women asleep in the bed. Absolute shambles of a hotel  We were promised the amount would be refunded to the card, it wasn't and still hasn't been. This was promised by Marianne.  Today I called to resolve this issue after my colleague was unsuccessful after many conversations. I was told today at 17.19 24/02/16 by the man on reception. he couldn't help me as he was busy. When i requested to speak to a manager the phone was slammed down on me. Shocking customer service and hotel. Still…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or115-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Im pleading with you to not risk it. I created this review to highlight this death trap,"Firstly I dont usually give reviews. Before we start I agree you get what you pay for. But £75 is still £75. I would have felt agrieved if it had been 75p.  THIS PLACE IS ABSOLUTLEY DIABOLICAL.  The only positive (as echoed before) is the location, but that said living in a filth ridden, depressing, grotty, unsafe, did I say depressing? excuse for a hotel (hovel of turd more like) for even one night will leave you in despair.  It's really bad...please dont waste your money I m using this review two-fold  1.) so you dont experience the same pain and anguish 2.) As release of frustration 3.) In the hope it closes, people will die, This place is a fire hazard and reading this review and then bringing any one whom you care for here is negligence on your  part.  IN SUMMARY, AVOID AT…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or120-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Backpackers' hostel posing as a hotel,"Came here with work just before Xmas and although the reception and the reception area was up-to-scratch, as soon as you pass through and into the hotel - you're in a different world.  Everything you've already read from other reviews is true. Dangerous and ill-fitting tatty carpets, awful décor, non-existent toiletries, cheap bedding, broken bathroom fittings, badly-fitted TV (bracket), a truly desperate and dilapidated underground breakfast area with an excuse for a continental menu (although the coffee is better than the black dust left in the room)  My room window out on to the main street was single-glazed and had one curtain fixed and hanging down the middle of the window itself. I couldn't open it and I couldn't close it! Ridiculous-looking from both inside and out.  In…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or120-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap- although not very cheerful,"The outside of this hotel was beautiful, until you get a bit closer and notice the rubbish in the garden. The receptionist who booked us in was rude and had an attitude problem. There was a different member of staff on later in the night who was lovely, he was very friendly and welcoming. The room we stayed in was very small but I guess for the price, fine. The sheets and pillows were stained. The bathroom didn't have a shower mat in, and had a ripped shower curtain.  The ""buffet"" breakfast was a choice between cornflakes, Weetabix and toast. There weren't enough chairs, cutlery or glasses and when this was mentioned to staff they continued to chat amongst themselves and/or play on their phones instead of fix the problem, or indeed, address any customers.  To sum up, cheap and a…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or120-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money,"clean and comfortable budget hotel right in the middle of Bayswater and Queensway, Whiteleaf Hotel is a great deal if you want to stay close to Hyde Park and Central London, I'll come back! Basis breakfast provided.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or120-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",#dump,"Everything was poor except the location. The double bed was two beds jammed together at two different heights. there was a hole stuffed with tissue in the wall,the shower was pathetic, the hairdryer nearly went up in smoke when we turned it on, no WiFi in the room, I found a packet of condoms under my pillow which were not mine,this suggests that the room was not cleaned properly before I came, as my friend had none under her pillow in her room. My room was too hot and the breakfast was horrible the eggs were black and smelled like farts. We did complain to staff about these various things and nothing was done.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or120-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as the below comments !!,"We stayed for a week in whiteleaf hotel, we read the reviews before and we booked as this was the only left with low bugdet. So as the reviews said we ended up going with our own sheets, air freshener and anti bactirial sprays. We didnt use none of these as the room was not smelly, or dirty sheets and neither uncleaned shower base or toilet. Yes the rooms are very small but if youre going just to wash and sleep it doesnt matter how big the room is. Street is quite with Kettle and blower in the room too. We had room 106 and nor dissapointed at all. Ohh and yes the fittedcarpet had like patches but i dont think they will change the carpet for every patch shown each time, just walk with shoe no big deal. 5 min walk to queens way and 2 min walk for bayswater undergrounds",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or125-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel!,"Me and my partner arrived New Year's Eve we thought we'd go to hotel first even though we couldn't check in til 2. 9am we spoke to a lady who said would it be possible to go there half 2 to check in. So that's exactly what we did we arrived half 2 and was told to wait 15mins. So then at half past three, forty five minutes later we were still waiting. We then got in to the room at quarter to four which delayed are day!! The room stunk of bleach, the toilet was clean and the shower curtain was white and had all stains on it. The blue carpet on the floor you could not walk on in bare feet. There was heater for if you was cold, The tv had a few channels on. We wasn't that bothered we just wanted a bed to sleep in after coming home early hours after watching fireworks. The wifi is…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or125-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Scandalous this place is still allowed to operate,"No TA Award Certificates on this front desk. Surely one due by the owners of this doss house for the poor receptionist who is batterred with continual complaints day after day.  Rooms NEVER ready on time. Foyer is jam packed with guests waiting for the one cleaner to clean all 4 stories. Don't plan anything the afternoon of your check in - you will not be able to access your room to freshen up or leave your bags.  They hold your bags behind the reception counter on the counter top so any passing mug could have away a multitude of goodies, personal items, shopping bags etc Internet password and network on sign is deliberately wrong. Internet is inaccessible speed wise.  The hovel is a fire trap. You read it here cos sure as eggs it will happen.  Beds are teeny tiny. Toilet failed…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or125-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad...,"Location is great. We booked for 4 people and when we arrived we were sent to the attic. It looked like we were in jail and the smell of incense was horrible and really strong. We had to go upstairs and more upstairs and even more and at each floor the stairs' condition would get worse. We were reallocated to two separate rooms which were better that the first one, still bad though. We stayed for for one nigh only and it was too much.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or125-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Whiteleaf Hotel Hyde Park London UK,"OK place where to stay for a couple of days. Very clean compared to UK standards, however over used and not vert well maintained. Unfortunately too many ""young"" and very noisy customers! It's 3:00 am at the moment and they are still partying despite the manager already stepped in a couple of times. Nice area and very close to the underground.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or125-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever !,"Booked two rooms with friends for 4th December both rooms dirty, smelly and absolutely disgusting. Hairs in the bed, mould in the room,decoration the worst I've seen paint peeling and wall paper falling off the walls. Bathroom had paint peeling off the shelf and brown stains in the toilet with an added small of urine. Windows that rattled all night in the wind and kept us awake and finally breakfast was boiled egg, toast or cereal not continental at all. The receptionist was rude to us and others. Even though we complained she was ignorant of our distress. Pedro Caetano",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or130-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've ever stayed in.,"You really can't deny that this Hotel is in a great location, but that is really where the good points end.  We were in London for my birthday weekend and chose this hotel over one of the chains as it was a little cheaper (though not by much at £75 a night) and the location was a little better.  We arrived at 2, having had to lug our bags around all morning because of being refused our request for an early check in. The room was tidy though not entirely clean. Also if you want your room cleaning during your stay you have to request it. Not something I've ever experienced before.  The room was tiny, but this didn't bother us to much as we had planned to spend the majority of our time out and about, we literally needed somewhere to sleep, but apparently this was too much to ask.…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or130-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"Very mixed opinions on this hotel. Only stayed here one night. Good points: close to the restaurants and shops,close to 2 underground stations,only about 30 minutes walk to Hyde Park, they let you leave luggage there on your check out day, free wifi. Bad points: pillows were flat, stains on walls, broken curtain and window, room smelt of smoke, toilet barely flushed and also hairs on bed. Reception lady was friendly enough however I don't think I'll be staying here again. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or130-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay- Just what we needed for one night,"We stayed at the Whiteleaf on the 21st Nov for one night. After seeing other trip advisor reviews I was a little worried... However it was find for us and I didn't see any bed bugs! Or feel unsafe!  Good points:  Great location  Friendly staff Comfy beds Warm room Quiet Quick check in/out  Bad points: Not the cleanest Shower curtain was filthy! Quite basic  In summary you get what you pay for. It was fine for what we wanted a one night stay, just a room to sleep in between our 2days of exploring London and did the job for us (myself, husband and 5year old son).  If you want somewhere for more than a night and want to spend time other than sleepy in the room I would try somewhere else. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or130-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting. ,"We turned up on the Tuesday to an ignorant receptionist who gave us the key to our room which turned out to be in the basement for us then to find out that we had a shared bathroom which we were not told about upon booking. The room looked as though it had just been thrown together 5 minutes before we turned up, the windows had damp patches underneath them, we had a random door which we opened that lead straight into an alley which left us feeling unsafe as it was 'secured' with just one working bolt lock. The walls looked as though they had been kicked in as they were all dented and smashed, the only plug sockets that were working looked like they were about to fall out. Our room was opposite the 'breakfast room' (eggs, cereal and toast) which opened at 7 so for us it meant no…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or130-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Stole my Debit Card details,"DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL AT ANY COST! I used this hotel for one stay on weekend of 7/8 November. Pretty ordinary, room was very worn and bed uncomfortable. 10 days later, I check my bank statement, I have 3 transactions at Amazon that are not my doing. First time I have used this card to pay for something, so I would put money on this hotel copying my card details. Have reported them to the police to see if they can investigate this place.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or135-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Budget is What you get,"This Hotel is defiantly a Budget Hotel,and you do get what you pay for.  at check in this was a total disaster as the poor girl on reception the computer was not connecting to the printer and was unable to print of receipts and copy our I.D..  This was eventually sorted and we went to our room.  The carpet on the halls and stairs hadn't been cleaned or hoovered for Months i would say. The room was adequate beds were clean and comfy but room needed a lick of paint as the white walls were dingy. Had large doors which led out onto a little Balcony but these were only covered by white material drapes and no good for keeping out the light.  The T.V. did work but free view didn't so was no real point in putting it on and the WIFI was very hit and miss. The room was very warm during…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or135-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Possibly the most unclean, unhygienic Hotel room ever!","I'd read the reviews on Tripadvisor beforehand and really didn't think it could be as bad it it was made out to be. After all, many places that get bad reviews are perfectly fine, it's an occasional hiccup and it's just picky people having a moan.   This is without doubt the most foul hotel i have ever had the displeasure to be near.  The day before I tried to confirm the booking had been made and paid for, as the company I was freelancing for had booked it. They couldn't really help and were supposed to email me some forms to fill in to allow me to check in. Got to the hotel, which is in a great location and looks good from the outside. Walked up the path and noticed a smashed window straightaway.   The reception area is O.K. a little bit 70's but not too bad.   I was allocated…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or135-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever seen,"I can't believe how awful this hotel is and how badly they treat their guests!   We stayed for 2 nights. Most of the sockets didn't work. There was no space to move, there wasn't much point in having a pillow it was that thin.   Breakfast was a slice of toast or cereal, nothing like the pictures they advertised although nothing looks like the pictures advertised   The place was so bad that we left and noticed bites over our bodies. After seeking medical advice it was confirmed it was from bed bugs.  We later found out that the hotel new about them being in our room and still placed us there.  We have been told that we are not allowed a refund and ate currently seeking advice from trading standards.   I am shocked that someone would find this an acceptable way to treat their…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or135-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Location's Good At The Whiteleaf,"This hotel is in a good location & close to all shops, restaurants & convenience stores but that's about all that's good. Average (at best) rooms, although clean, pretty old and breakfast is really bland.  Overall an average place & a pity you can't ask for a room on the ground floor when you book as we had an 85 year old with us, booked for a single room which was seriously small and on the 3rd floor - no elevators",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or135-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Do not judge a book by its cover.,"The staff were very helpful, however, this did not improve the room which was too small had no toilet (which I was not aware of) and had a shower to share and not a bath which I was also unaware of. I really think it was overpriced for what you got as I am sure there are hostels with better facilities than this hotel. the owners have spent a lot of money in their foyer area and forgot about the state of their rooms, carpets and general stage of repair in the hotel in general. I did not sleep well the first night. The second  night I slept better with the help of some good quality red wine...",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or140-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not what was advertised,"I booked a night (via Expedia) in the Hyde Park Quality Apartments - which it appears is some sort of sub-company of the Whiteleaf Hotel - but this really wasn't apparent until I turned up.  The address given was 68 Inverness Terrace but you have to check in at 68 Inverness Terrace and then get sent down the road to number 79 which is where the 'apartment' is. It's all rather surreal. The apartment itself was nothing like the clean, new shiny executive room that was portrayed on the website - it's basically a house that has been broken up into lots and lots of small bedsits with a kitchen unit. It was clean but it had the feel of a time warp - I suspect it hasn't been updated since the 1980s. The TV and wifi didn't work.  The whole experience was rather odd and certainly not as…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or140-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Nice and friendly staff, good coffee!","We had a twin room, it was nice and clean and everything in working order. The breakfast was good as was the coffee, really nice staff in the breakfast room. Comfy beds . We enjoyed our stay , and will not hesitate to book it again.  It was  no noise, always helpful staff at all hoers , but it could do with a vending machine in the lobby. But the supermarket and kiosk the next street over , just a couple of minutes walk is always stocked and open most hoers.  Very nice location , and a quiet street.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or140-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",hotel that provides apartments,we have to do the check. in. and out. to our apartment. on. this hotel.  the apartments. name. is Hyde. park. quality apartment buy i.cant. not. find it on. tripadvisitor.  anyway the room. was ok 👌 and the location. excellen.  the people on the reception are. nice and helpful.  ,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or140-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Barely good for a night's sleep, let alone any extras","Stayed at the Whiteleaf for the purpose of travelling to an interview in Central the next morning. Extremely convenient location and the price was the reason for booking so maybe i'm the fool here.   Stayed in a room in the basement. Had to climb three flights of stairs for a shower that was literally a door entering into a shower. No space to move around and filthy.   Room was untidy, there was a door to a back alley in the room that did not close properly and created an awful draft. Wifi did not work very well and there were no details in the room how to access it.   The breakfast was some crap coffee, very basic cereals and toast.   Was only there for a bed, and would not recommend it even for that. Noisy in the basement with those above and the breakfast hall near. I am told…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or140-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and No Issues,"I had a look at the reviews after booking and was a little worried as they are not great.  However, you get you pay for so lets start with that. Via Expedia I booked a single room with ensuite (Rm 101) for £59 which included breakfast. I believe that I got more than I paid for.  The Welcome - Very courteous & friendly  The Room - All things considered 101 was spacious with small but very decent bathroom and very good shower. TV / Kettle / Hairdryer etc - Comfy bed and had a good sleep (prefer two pillows though)  Breakfast - Basic and straight forward but tasty and again great value - the hostess was very friendly also  Location - 2 Mins walk (really) from Bayswater Tube - so brilliant for central London  So, would I go and stay again. Yes definitely. For me this was a stop over…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or145-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful awful place!!!!!,Room wasn't too bad for the price but The beds seemed broken as they dipped in the middle..  Shower was filthy and had hairs in it...  But that's not the worse.. Oh no there's more...  MOULDY TOAST FOR BREAKFAST!!!!!!!!!!  I took it up to the reception and they told me there was nothing they could do about it. I asked for a refund no. I asked to speak to manager no. Managers email no. Phone number no. Email address no. Name??? Muhammad Ali... I am sure this is not a real name.   As all of this is going on at reception there is water pouring through the ceiling and not a single wet floor sign in sight! I suggested that it was probably in their best interest to put one out and they got shirty with me!   Awful place terrible staff ruined my weekend. ,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or145-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",People need to accept what they pay for!,"Booked on a whim for a night away with my boyfriend, and hadn't seen the reviews.  Spent the week worrying over it. But on arrival everyone was warm and friendly.  The room was clean, not sparkling but not dirty. The room was basic and slightly dated.  Our particular room was noted in a previous review on here as 'particularly horrific'. None of the sort. Despite being at the front of the first floor the noise levels were manageable. The sheets were clean. The staff were more than helpful and pleasant.  Breakfast was basic but all we needed. Location is brilliant. We got this hotel at a bargain price, and people need to stop expecting a five star hotel for 2 star prices!  This hotel is everything you need on a budget.   Only problems we encountered was a broken lock on the room…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or145-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Untidy,"Comfortable bed to sleep on... However the common room is untidy.. The toilet and shower room is too small that you can't even stretch your arms... Also, the breakfast is fine except from the tea in the thermos. When i took my tea from it, theres a lot of solid residue swimming in it... I took the second one and still the same... I told the lady about it and she didn't bother to change it.. She said its just a tea residue... She offered to make me one with tea bags tho. ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or145-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",No more than one night please!,"This place needs a serious refurbishment!!! We were allocated one room in the basement, right next to the breakfast venue.. The walls were almost made of cardboard, as soon as I tried to plug the boyler they moved forward.. Mould on the walls and even worse in the breakfast room, where by the way, we were barely served a cheese toast and a bit of cereals.  Wifi was running smoothly, even if I heard somebody complaining at the reception. Front desk clerk polite and helpful but nothing more..",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or145-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Mouldy room,"Arrived to be given keys to 79 Inverness Terrace, 4 flights of stairs to lug up x4 30kg suitcases up.  The room stank of mould, no air conditioning or fan, room looked over an absolute stinking tip.  One pillow for each, so thin they were a waste of time.  I will never recommend this place, disgusting!!!!  We stayed one night and then forked out more money to stay somewhere else it was that bad.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or150-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Major Health Hazard,"Hello. I booked a room for 2 nights at the whiteleaf hotel in bayswater from 27-29 july for 2 adults & two children aged 5 & 10 for £196.On arrival we were told our room would be 307..well much to mine & my familys dissmay on entering the room was shocked to see totally the opposite to what i had paid for..the booking was taken through booking .com which showed nicely presented rooms...well our was a total health hazard..firstly dirty filthy carpets on the floor.damp walls ..old smelling uncomfortable & hazardous bed,the room smelt horrible.on the evening we returned at 7.30 to our room to find we had no lighting we informed the front desk & had several of their staff try & rectify this, an hour an half later we were given 1 lamp for 2 rooms our room and the bathroom..then…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or150-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Awfull,filthy,dirty,a big joke!!Never book this hotel!!Warning!!!","this was a total desaster!!The information and the pictures of this so called hotel is not correct on booking.com!! so beware!! Don't go there and be carefull if you have children.The staff just take your money but don't do anything else and just look you and feels like they don't even understan english.Stupid staff!!They showed us a room and it was dirty,old,smelly and filthy room.We didn't accept it.Then they promised a un upgrade and the room was on a cellar.Awfull!!Then they showed us a third room and it was already booked.The staff or whatever they are,don't know nothing to run a hotel and as I said before...this place is not a hotel.I don't know how to call this place.Booking.com should check this place and take it out from your booking pages!!!!…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or150-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely basic,"Fortunately I was only there for 1 night - think I would have moved if any longer! Reception staff ignored me when I tried to check in & then minimal conversation. Stairs every where in this building and some extremely steep. Room extremely basic I had a sink a bed a wardrobe and a desk. Toilet was in the tiniest cupboard 2 flights down from my room & I never found a shower! Going to breakfast was a death trap with the door opening down to more steep steps. Choice of 2 cereals and toast. Staff didn't seem to want to communicate. Dining area had what looked like large areas of damp. Wifi didnt work at any time I was there. Booked it because of the price for its location but wouldn't go there again, so glad I didn't have my kids with me!",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or150-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Book only if you want a cheap 1 night stay,"It was...tolerable. It was cheap, we booked late, and it was in a great, convenient location. However, if we had stayed more than two nights we would have been very depressed coming back to this hotel each night.  The sheets looked clean, we had a reasonably sized room on the ground floor, the bathroom was relatively clean, but please don't expect anything nice! There was a huge tear in the bed cover, there was only one lumpy, flat pillow each, the shower didn't drain away so the tray overflowed onto the floor, the carpet was threadbare and the decor sucked. The breakfast was basic. But hey, we only stayed one night and we really didn't care much.   However, there was a poor American lady in the queue in front of us when we arrived. She'd obviously had a long journey and the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or150-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,This hotel is dirty and poorly looked after.  The beds were awful with the springs popping all night and stains all over the room.   The bathroom was little more than a cramped cupboard which you could hardly move in!!  Book at your peril!!,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or155-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"Rooms were unclean (stains on the walls and suspicious black marks on the duvets showing through the duvet covers which were a little cleaner), no cold water (rather have a cold shower than a burning one!), cigarette butts on the balcony which explained the strong smell of smoke in the room, and it seems as though the 2011 renovation only refers to the terrace outside the main entrance and the lobby - the carpets must be 40 years old and the stairs are so narrow that carrying luggage up and down was a massive problem. When we raised our concerns with the front desk at checkout (we only stayed one night) the man behind the counter seemed to care very little, just said he would pass on the comments to management. Breakfast was included but after the experience of the room we…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or155-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Service,This hotel service is very horrible. Attitude problem against guests and the customer waited for 1 hours and a half and there was no room attended to the writer. The customer suppose to have the apartment since yesterday and the hotel service gave a room that was at the basement and water leaking.The service person acts like they cant find the booking from Booking.com. They are just lazy working. Searching one booking takes years to finish. What the hell are they operating a hotel like this?,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or155-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a refurb,"Receptionist (female at White Leaf) wasn't very friendly, the bath was in a bad state, bed was uncomfortable but location was decent. Was woken up in the morning with the level above could smell smoke coming into the property from outside even though windows were closed.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or155-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, accessible and friendly staff.","Just checked out of the hotel after staying for 3nights. My experience at their apartment hotel (Hyde Park Quality Apartment) which I stayed for 5 nights was splendid. So after my wife departed for San Francisco I moved into the Whiteleaf Hotel since all I needed was a basic room for the remaining vacation.   The staff are are still very friendly and the rooms are also clean. The breakfast is average but I had no wifi access for the entire 3nights... Was heartbreaking.  Still don't get it, because the management owns both hotels and the wifi at the Hyde Park apartment was awesome.  The location is very accessible, with two stations (queens and bay water) just behind the street. There's also a bus stop right infront of the hotel.  Was an overall average experience. Apart from the…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or155-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","cheap, you get less then what you paid for","There is no service here at all. Checking in took 1hr because there was only one person at the counter and a full lobby. Stayed for 5 nights not once did a maid come to service the room, not even to empty the garbage. Rooms are old, hotel has had its day, needs some major renovations. Hot water is hard to come by. Overall I am totally underwhelmed and completely disappointed. Don't expect a good nights sleep either the walls are paper thin and my room was right by the stairs, all I heard all night was people coming and going. Basically don't stay here.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or160-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Hasib. Thank You.,You know when you are having a horrific day.. I booked a room at whiteleaf to just chill in - and I can not tell you Hasib the receptionist was a delight. He made my day - it was almost as if I had forgotten there were nice people in London. On top of that - the room was cosy and I had one of the best sleeps I have had in a long time. I only stayed for one evening but I would definitely recommend if you want a simple stay close to Central with a busy surrounding but down a non-busy road.   Thank you Hasib.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or160-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting,"Booked in for one night in a twin room. The room was disgustingly dirty, nothing in the bathroom had been cleaned since the last guests had checked out. We asked for a different room and were given the keys to a building further down the street. This was a serviced apartment however this time the entire room was filthy and had clearly not been touched since the last guests left. Bed slept in etc etc. Even for the price they charge it is unacceptable and i dread to think what the food hygiene is like.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or160-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"What a lovely hotel. Fantastically friendly staff and a 24 hour reception. Rooms are clean, bright and airy. Beds were comfortable, and the breakfast was good too. Around the corner from the Bayswater Tube Station, with Queensway and Paddington a ten minute walk away, the location is perfect for London sightseeing and it is reasonable priced too!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or160-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL! ,Terrible!  The Staff attention was poor (no service philosophy at all) The breakfast was a joke. The rooms were horrible.  The pictures on the website don't reflect the actual condition of the hotel. I think you can find better B&B in London. I won't recommend it.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or160-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good Budget Hotel,"The hotel is conveniently located, and was what one would expect for the price. The staff were helpful and did resolve an issue we had with our room.  One point worth noting is the lack of lifts and the steep stair cases, don't take anything to heavy!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or165-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Unbearable,"Booked for four days after viewing room.  Went to Whiteleaf on the 17th of May for stay was given keys to first room.  Checked room seemed ok turned water on in shower to check for hot water. After 2 minutes noticed water running out of shower room out of shower. Returned to desk given next room in basement next to breakfast room, cots not acceptable, elevated bathroom floor sinking. Third times a charm, not this time. Room was ok but checked the window to ground floor that was damaged so badly (wood rotted) it could not locked. Anyone could gain entry from the rear of the building easily.  Forth room at top of building seemed ok but temperature control on shower was damaged only allowing one temperature not warm, declined last room and refused to stay, demanding refund. …",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or165-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",BizzeeBee40,This hotel was disgusting thick with dust bed unmade and broken. TV didn't work on the 1st night. Cracked tile. We complained and wasn't compensated in any way. Wasn't made aware of who the manager was just told he/she was based in India. The staff just referred us to someone else. Shoddy service and overpriced,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or165-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",keep away,"I arrived on Tuesday last,, very nice reception area but the rest of the hotel is a mess, cold, dirty rooms, small, curtain didn't even cover the window, broken TV, breakfast was a mess, Good point,, close to the tube for a quick getaway",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or165-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Great position, friendly staff, but poor breakfast an facility","The hotel is in a great position, very close to the underground, the atm, supermarkets and restaurants. The staff was very friendly and the 24h reception useful. Nevertheless, the room was small and dark, as well as the bathroom and durino the last night, the shower didn't work properly and the water was cold. Breakfast was really poor and I preferred to go elsewhere. Don't expect too much from tris hotel and IT won't let you down. ",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or165-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Crampy. Old. Expensive.,"Not a comfortable place to stay in. Not worth the money as level of comfort is low and room looked like in dire need to be refurbished. Location was ok, near subways and many halal food dining options. Otherwise, won't return back here. ",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or170-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel, AVOID it.","What you pay, what you get. Keep that in mind.  We chose this hotel because it was very close to sub and way cheaper than other hotels. Its a pitty that we did not check reviews before booking it. We were happy about the price and said ""fine, we will spend the remaining money in other expenses"".  Hotel is located at Bayswater area, 100-200m from sub station. Many stores and restaurants near it, safe area at night, good free wifi coverage. Those are all the pro's about it.  CONS Hotel is terrible. No lift, very steep stair. Its not as described in many booking sites (booking.com included), the photos of reviewers here will tell the truth. Everything smells. From carpets to WATER. Yes water. Bathroom is full of bacteria, not enough water pressure and a very bad smell when water is…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or170-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Room not ready on time. Put in the basement room and pretty shocked to find no bathroom! Told reception that basic room has no en suite and we should have known that.  There was a tiny toilet 3 floors from us and a tiny shower cubicle on the corridor.  The room had absolutely zero natural light.  There was a kettle but where were we supposed to get the water from? ? Wifi didn't work.  The door to the dining room was next to our room and banged very loudly every time people went for breakfast, waking us up   continually. Paint peeling and wallpaper hanging off.  Room key stopped working half way through visit. Housekeeping chatting on the stairs and didn't move out of our way when we had heavy bags.  No cleaning in our room on the second day.  Overall the location was the only…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or170-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Needs Investment but not from guests,"Generally poor, upon arrival the single room allocated was of a very basic standard with one very small pillow on the bed and no further pillows in the wardrobe. The curtain did not cover the entirety of the window. I returned to reception and was given the option of moving to a different room which i did., This room (208) was better but not really inviting. The curtain again did not cover the window completely (which made for an interesting return from the shower in the morning as I moved around the room I moved the curtain with me) The shower by the way not in great shape and as reported to the reception had no hot water, there was however hot water in the room. I often hear it said that you get what you pay for and I do stay in a lot of hotel and my expectations are not high…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or170-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel to Avoid,"We booked a mini weekend break to London, myself and 2 friends. We decided to stay somewhere we thought was good value for money and in a good location. We have stayed in Bayswater area before but nothing compared to this. Upon arrival we were greeted by the receptionist who was unfriendly and not very helpful. We arrived early so couldn't check in but we left our luggage and went to explore London.  When we came back late evening we were told that our second nights stay was already fully booked and we had to be moved out of the hotel into another one 3 minutes away...from reading other reviews possibly to our advantage! After several discussions with the 'manager' we were told there was nothing we could do apart from move. Only being in London for 2 nights made the trip more…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or170-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel to avoid - beware bed bugs & dirty hotel,"We had booked two nights in this hotel. When first booked in thought the hotel was run down. We dropped our bags off and went out for evening. Upon our return we found visitors (bugs) in the bedding, in the pillow case  and on the towels without even looking we had seen four.  The staff were unhelpful at midnight we found we had nowhere to stay as we could not share a bed with the bugs and could not get a refund as no manager on duty. We returned the following day and they said they were unable to get a refund even though we had photographic evidence. Avoid this hotel environmental health need to go and visit.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or175-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",WARNING !!!!Utterly filthy - had to show the reception staff our bed bug room companions,DISGUSTING !!!!!!!! The pictures of the rooms on websites must be a different hotel as this hotel is minging.Carpets were filthy with holes and every surface including shower tray was dirty and not been cleaned in months.  We found our bed crawling with bed bugs and got the night porter to look at it and have photo and video evidence.Obviously we couldn't stay there and had to find alternative accommodation at 1am.The porter was next to useless but said we could have a full refund the next day when manager was in.We called back but the refund did not happen and we had paid £194.00 for 2 nights.Please heed this warning I am contacting the environmental health over this dirty hovel,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or175-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for what it offers - but centric,"All my travels to London were for business. This is the first time I went for pleasure and I found accommodation in general very expensive (especially if you want to stay in central London). You can get cheaper hotels outside, but you spend a lot of time on bus/tube/train to reach the center. They charged 60 pounds per night (with basic breakfast included) and the facilities are very old. My room was on the 3rd floor, so if you have heavy luggage, think 2x before staying in a place without lift. The sheets were “clean”, but with marks/spots (that I believe do not go away washing). When I went to sleep I found an used sock under my sheets!!!!  The shower was very small, but functioning. TV also worked fine. Simply the place is old and not taken care. Next time I am in London I…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or175-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","""KEEP OUT"" GUESTS WILL BE HORRIFICALLY TREATED","Oh my lord give me strength. I have often been away on a bit of a tight budget, so looking for for something within my price range is a must 9 times out of 10. I booked this hotel through the site Booking.com on the 30th october, giving my card details to hold the room for 1 night for my family and myself, it was all gonna be nice as I even managed to hold there family suite that sleeps upto 6, so handy as my party was that of 6. They won't take any money on booking the hotel room, which was a total cost of £129 for the night, it will be paid upon arrival, so then noticing £100 earmarked out of my account I was a little concerned and then a further £129 in addition to that, little alarm bells start to make ringy type noises, anyway I tried calling to enquire but unable to get…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or175-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel like the plague!,"I checked into this hotel in June 2014, when I had planned to stay for four nights. After checking in and going downstairs to the room in the cellar it very quickly became clear to me that I wouldn't be spending four minutes, let alone nights, there. The room in the basement was filthy; on every surface there were layers of grime, with stains on the carpet and furnishings, dirty bedding, stained pillows and curtains etc. Nothing about the room was inviting.   Don't get me wrong: I realise this is a two star hotel and I wasn't expecting the Ritz, but there is no excuse for a lack of cleanliness. There are certain basic standards of hygiene that one expects in a hotel (after all, this isn't a hostel or a drop-in), which are not met by this place.  Upon issuing a complaint to the…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or175-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL Experience,"Dirtiest hotel I have been to. Sheets full of hair,the room has never been cleaned in 3 days,very bad smell,dirty carpet,disgusting.no light in the toilet,in the night you didn't see.complained and they didn't care. Awful experience,never found something so dirty and disgusting in my life. Don't ever go there ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or180-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute hell hole,"Never ever ever again staying in this hotel more like a hostel, dirty blood stained sheets, ciggie burns in the carpets, toe nail clippings on the windows still and floor, broken Bed with springs sticking out holes in base of bed and dirt and muck and old receipts from January under the bed no iron broken hairdryer and had a replacement hair dryer that was also broken. The smell of the entire building was unbearable didn't have a minute if sleep in there met 1 nice friendly staff the rest where rude and snotty, woke up with loads of flea bites, got put on top floor with a big suitcase that I couldn't even lift up and when asked staff they refused to help me and there was no lift for a 5 story building, dirty walls plates where left in hallway and there was a mouse trap in the…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or180-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel,"The only good about this hotel is its location. Breakfast was poor, stuff was not helpful at all (we asked for some pillows and they never bring them to us), rooms need updating and they are too small. wifi was not working..I am not staying there again!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or180-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Awful hotel, very poor value for money","The hotel is in desperate need of updating and decorating. Our room was tiny and grubby looking. The bedside tables hadn't seen a duster in a while and there was mould in the shower. There is no lift (don't remember seeing this on the booking website but I could be wrong) and the stairways to the rooms are narrow, making it difficult to get luggage up and down. For nearly £100 a night you would at least expect some offer of assistance, but no. The lady on check in wasn't very friendly and didn't crack a smile at all, which may be understandable working in such a hotel. Breakfast was an absolute joke consisting of bread, jam, a few slices of cheese and cereals. There was more staff than guests, none of which greeted us as we entered (we however did greet them). They were too busy…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or180-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"I was a little worried after reading the reviews on this hotel. We booked an overnight stay as we were attending a show in Hyde Park. The hotel room was basic and small but very clean. As we were only using the hotel to sleep in, it was ok and in a very good location. I would agree with the previous reviews that it was in need of a good refurbishment, But I couldnt fault the cleanliness of our room. The breakfast was very basic and consisted of toast, croissants cereal tean and coffee. To sum it up this room was perfect to crash out in after a long day. But if you are looking for luxury this wouldnt be for you.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or180-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel To Stay In Beautiful City Like London,"Do yourself a favor and don't pick this pathetic hotel.  Worst Internet. Tiny Beds , absolutely uncomfortable, No House Keeping, Heating system does not work, Breakfast which you will not even give to a beggar, bizarre attitude of hotel staff.   The worst part - they charge 5% on your debit and credit cards when you make the payments. I never experienced that in my entire travel history.     .",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or185-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights in September in an area that I know we'll. My usual hotel was unavailable, so I booked this one as it was just down the street and assumed it would be on par, how wrong could I be?  The receptionist was polite and efficient, as was the evening desk clerk, but the hotel is in dire need of refurbishment. The hallways smelled funny, musty, almost as if the windows had never been opened, although the stairwell ones seemed to be left open during the day. (safety issue really as the stairs are very steep and I would be concerned if young or old people were unsteady on their feet and tumbled out the window)  regardless, we went to our room, 204 which was surprising to say the least. The room was tiny and impossible to manoeuvre two people with two hand luggage…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or185-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap.,"Booked this hotel due to its location, and the only positive thing I can say is that it was very cheap. The whole place is in need of a thorough clean and refurbishment. We checked in at 11am and left our bags as we were attending an event, when we returned at 10.30pm our room was still not ready. Staff were unmotivated, the continental breakfast was poor and overall we would not stay here again. You get what you pay for, we paid very little and that is what we got!!!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or185-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling -- do *not* book this hotel,"Do yourself a favour and find somewhere else to stay. The only reason we booked this extremely overpriced and shambolically managed hotel was because we needed to make a reservation at very short notice indeed and it was one of the very few hotels left which was anywhere near our budget.  My wife and I booked this hotel for a short (three day) stay in London for our family (we have three kids aged 5, 8, and 10). On checking in we were told that we wouldn't be given a room at 66-68 Inverness Terrace (i.e. the location of the hotel) but instead would be housed at Westbourne Terrace.  This was rather irritating because nowhere on the hotel's website does it suggest that accomodation at Westbourne  Terrace is a possibility.   The receptionist told us that Westbourne Terrace is ""two…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or185-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Check room BEFORE paying upfront!,"Location was ideal but didn't have the best experience. Originally booked into a basement room (dirty carpets, right next to kitchen, no WIFI, no hairdryer, leaking aircon). Had we not had to pay upfront would have checked out the next day. Fortunately we were given another room for remainder of our stay but still no WIFI and room conditions would certainly turn a lot of people off. Would not stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or185-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, chocking...","Please do yourself a favour DO NOT COME TO THIS HOTEL!!!!! I had to attend a wedding in London and my biggest mistake was to book a room! Everything went wrong since I got one foot in... Gave me the wrong key, the bedroom was so small that I could touch both walls with my arms, blood on bed sheet, furnitures we're falling down (bed and mattresses will torture your back) bad smell!!  So I did not stay in that place and they charged me the all stay!!",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or190-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location on tight budget,"A friend of mine found this hotel for me since I didn't know London at all. After I booked it I read the reviews and got scared - I almost tried to change my reservation. But I took the chance and the hotel served my purposes.  The main benefit to this hotel was the location. I was looking at nicer hotels farther away from Central London, but after having been there I can say I am glad I didn't stay in one of the hotels in outer ""zones.""  Hotel is a block away from two subway stations. There is a bus stop outside the door. There are tons of restaurants, fast food places, convenience stores, etc. right around the corner (including a laundromat.)   Other reviewers complained about bugs; we saw none. Other reviewers said it was dirty; we felt it was fairly clean. I bought…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or190-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, this hotel even stole from my account...such a nightmare!","Checked into this hotel because of its closeness to Bayswater tube, upon check in , I began to feel really sad, everything was choking me, room size, breakfast, wireless, everything was such a nightmare...I checked out immediately the next morning, an argument ensued as to why am checking out as they will charge the 2nd day to my account even after I had told them my disappointments, they kept referring to their hotel policy which say first two days are guaranteed reservation confimed. Nothing made them budge, well, I moved into a Holiday Inn for my peace of mind...they had the effrontery to charge the unused day into my account notwithstanding ...my take on this hotel is that, they have absolutely nothing to offer you in terms of peace, comfort or even satisfaction...they have…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or190-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not very good,My family and I stayed here for a few days a while ago and did not enjoy our experience. The receptionist was very rude to us when we arrived which did not leave a great first impression. The rooms were not very clean but our complaints fell on deaf ears. Will not stay again or recommend,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or190-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",looks good from the outside...needs a good scrub,"we travelled here just for one night with our small children. 'Family Room' is on the 2nd floor and has a sash window which opens up from about.45cm from the floor straight down to concrete below. - really dangerous for small children. The walls and skirting in the room were filthy and there is a step down into the room so both children 'fell' in. 'Breakfast' is served in the basement - another grubby and tired looking space where we had cheap croissants. The beds were clean and the location is great, but if you want to do London on a budget then a Travelodge would be a much better bet!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or190-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I am not sure why this hotel has a 3star rating as the only two good things about it are it's location ( a mere 200mt from Bayswater tube) and a staff member named Cameron( who was exceptionally friendly and helpful) . For the money it is certainly overrated. We booked a twin room and it was tiny. Hardly enough room to put a suit case anywhere let alone 2 and two carry on bags! There was only 25 cm gap between the bed and the bathroom door. If you are more than average size just do not bother! The bathroom is worse. You could not stand I front of the sink as the toilet is in the way. Which is ridiculous unless you want to use the sink while you are sitting on the toilet. The shower is tiny I think maybe 75cm squared. There is no shower shelf, not even for soap so when you reach…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or195-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","A wet bed, dirty, rude and unhelpful staff. A complete dump.","Forget  staying here even if someone pays you. I was greeted by a rude and surly receptionist who demanded my passport, despite me being a British National. You can see from the other reviews that it's dirty and tatty. There was no way I would eat in this filthy hole, who knows what you could catch.  I didn't want to sleep on the filthy bed and I would not walk on the filthy carpets with no shoes on. The bathroom is a joke - to sit on the toilet you had to slide in sideways and you could rest you chin on the basin.   I had the added misfortune of going to bed and being awoken by water dripping through the ceiling at the end of my bed. I moved my clothes and went back to sleep. Half an hour later I was awoken by water dripping through the ceiling onto my head. This carried on and…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or195-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Discusting,On arrival walked to my room  across threadbare carpet taped together in places. Bed sheets were stained and had hairs in. Also shower basin was mouldy and also had hairs in. Generally an unclean place. staff offered to put me in another room the following day but to be honest that first impression was enough to put me off the place  . I would avoid this hotel at all costs. I refused to stop here and found another hotel.  ,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or195-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in UK,"Well. Where to start... Perhaps with the worst: ITCH MITES. For real: I got itch mites in The Whiteleaf Hotel, London. Probably from the extra blanket from the filthy cupboard. I had to use it because it was quite cold in March and the battery was stone cold, of course. There was no warm water at all during my 5-night-stay. Reception service was non-existent. I spent some time in the reception room because it was the only place in the building where wi-fi sometimes - accidentaly I suppose - was working. So I also had time to see how the management behind the desk behaved. Poorly. People kept coming to complain about several things, and a simple and often just rude ""We're working on it"" was the answer to everything and everyone. - I'd have been very happy if I only could forgot…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or195-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Unsuitable for Humans,"I am taking the time to write this review so you can save yourself the pain we experienced at this hotel.   We were looking to spend 3 days in London near Hyde Park and found White Leaf so I booked 3 nights from 27th to 30th May 2014 for our stay.  Being charged £287 for 3 nights I thought that the hotel standards would be fair to say the least.   I visited this so called Hotel with my wife and a 4 year old.  The experience was nothing short from being horrific. At mid night we were shocked to discover weird looking insects all over the bed,we were disgusted when I squashed one with a tissue and it was full of blood.  I reported this to the reception immediately and was handed clean bedsheets instead of another room, apparently they had no rooms available that night.  By 2AM the…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or195-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst service ever!!,"I was in this hotel in April. The hotel was not that bad but the service is horrible.  In the morning I went to visit the city and when I came back and ask for the room keys my surprise that the staff change my room without saying anything. They took all my things and move from one room to the other knowing that this is illegal.  I went to my new room and an adaptor was missing and my suitcase was broken. I went to the reception and they said they were going to look for my adaptor. Today, 28th may I'm still waiting.  The receptionist said that he will send me a bottle of wine for compensation. I'm still waiting also for that.  I strongly recommend you to go to an other place!!!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or200-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You deserve better,"Room really needs redecoration, I was in a basement room. Carpet all wet, lights tripped out when switched on, bug in bed, lots of hair in shower plug, mattress too soft, curtain too small for window so too much light came in, and hair dryer broken. No soap. ",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or200-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Careful on price,"If you book online, the rate is anywhere from 80-230 pounds. But I found out if you walk up, the price is 40 pounds -- and they almost always have rooms. It's a good location, but there are plenty of hotels in the area (around Queensway), so you can get really good bargains. If you look at this one online and it's a high price, just keep shopping arond.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or200-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",very budget hotel dont be fooled by price,walls in the room had dirty cream walls bed creaked floor boards squeaked carpets had tape on it even on the steps from wear and tear also steps were very steep no lift in this building and they do have alot of steps view from window was looking straight into some ones window in the next building towels were very thin and tatty best place in this so called hotel was reception which was bueatiful hint hint to owners do up the rooms to the standard of the reception area,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or200-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Best stay in london,"I had a lovely time in london a lovely hotel with very friendly and helpful staff, the manager (named Jaris) was so helpful and directed me to the tube station and gave me great tips to get to my destination - thank you, and your are a great asset to white leaf hotel, the bed was Comfy and the room was just right temperature the breakfast wasn't anything special but very tasty and done to perfection - again well done! The only down side is paying by card either debit or credit you get a 5% charge personally I think this is a bit out of order as there was NO mention of this so I had to go again to the cashpoint ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or200-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Don't think I'd stay here again,"Stayed here for one night on business as it was the only place I could find last minute that was a reasonable price around the Bayswater area.  I didn't read the reviews until after I'd booked otherwise I probably wouldn't have bothered.  The hotel looks great from the outside and is in a great location, a few minutes’ walk from Bayswater tube station and Hyde Park.  The first sign that it was not good news was having to pay up front in cash for the room (charge 5% for using a credit or debit card) I didn't realise so had to go off to find a cash point luckily there was one a few minute’s walk away.   I was given a top floor/third floor room which was a pain with no lift and very narrow staircase.  Luckily I am quite fit but no good if you have any mobility problems.  I was glad…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or205-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location and helpfull staff,"Very helpfull and friendly staff! Got to check in three hours early. The rooms are ok, and the bathroom was very nice and clean. The breakfast room was very spatious, and they served an ok continental breakfast. The hotel lyes in a very nice location. Only a minute walk to the mainstreet and Bayswater station. Overall a very nice experience.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or205-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",sleeping on boxspring - not beds,the rooms are old and the bed is at least 20 years old.     worst hotel I've been in 20 years.      the breakfast at hotel is terrible.    And not hot water unless you wait for 15 minutes.     Location excellent      need new carpet and bed.    will not use the web service again.              ,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or205-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Exallent service,"Very good location, one min walk from Bayswater and Queensway  underground stations. room and the bathroom  was clean perfectly. jaris was really nice person at the reception when we checked in he gave us early excess in the room 11:55 also we had problem with the phone charger and he offered me his own charger really polite person :) breakfast was included and was great. i will recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or205-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't let me check in,I booked this hotel with Travel Republic. I recieved the confirmation and paid the full amount advertised but when i arrived at the hotel they refused to honour my booking because they said the price was advertised incorrectly.   They wanted an extra £35 for the room (double with shared bathroom) which i refused and ended up having to source different accommodation.   I'm still trying to obtain a refund for what i paid.,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or205-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","The hotel is poor, but employees and location make up for it. ","My room was really small and had a ""old stuff"" smell. The floor and carpet are uhm... weird. Sheets and bathroom were clean. But what make this place worthy is its location. Great neighborhood! Its next to the Baywater station and very close to the Queensway Station. There are a lot of restaurants around and the Hyde Park is just down the street. There are also shops, bank, pharmacy, and supermarket really close by. ",None,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or210-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,Got to the hotel paid the 70 pounds there is no lift and I was on the top floor got into the room and I thought someone was playing a joke on me it was terrible dust everywhere mould on the ceiling curtains that didn't close the shower was laughable I just about fitted inside it the shower curtain made me want to vomit the bed was Realy lumpy and I didn't sleep a wink all night they need to charge a lot less or have a major refurbishment my wife was not happy with me for choosing this hotel either I have to just laugh at how bad it is otherwise id cry lol,Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or210-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Best stay in London,excellent value for a hotel found on last minute top secret hotels. this hotel was a lot cheaper than any other hotels nearby. it is only a short walk from bayswater underground and easy to find on the main road and also on main bus route into central london which was an added bonus for the night bus. Enjoyed the breakfast in the morning. Clean and tidy rooms with friendly staff.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or210-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Only good for sleeping in,"Very good location, only a few hundred meters from Bayswater and Queensway stations. Other than that, everything was bad. Dirty floor, bathroom and beds. Buy ear plugs, because this hotel isn't sound proof at all.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or210-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I expected,"I just paid 34 pounds each night for a single room, it is incredible to find that price in London and just few steps from Queenway station and Kensigton Gardens. The area is safe and there are other B&B and hostels around it. My room was clean and warm. I really got that I had paid.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or210-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",I wanted to stay here to see if it was really that bad...,"oh, and it was. I stayed the whole night (how, I have no idea)- and then made my way to a lovely room in an Ibis 2 miles away for the remainder of my stay proving beyond any doubt Trip Advisor reviews are 100% in this instance.  Apparently refurbished less than 3 years ago - those doing the renovation either went to the wrong building or the work was completed in an area not immediately visible.   There was a smell of stale curry in reception (clean enough but ancient and not out of place in the classic tv series Fawlty Tower)s. English at the reception is a problem - in that it is either broken or non-existent. This made me very suspicious - even more so as an attempt to rip me off was completely blatant and I assumed the owner of this festering dump holds onto deposits for…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or215-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Think twice,Yes..the location is perfect...but you have to think twice if you have a big luggage and infant. There is no lift. So you have to lift all your things up by stairs. I stayed there for 2 nights with my friend. There is no bath mat in the toilet and the room is not sound proof. We still can hear the sound made by a drunk man and we were really scared.  But the good things were they have kettle in the room with packets of coffee and tea and a complimentary breakfast and mineral water.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or215-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE HOTEL!,"The only thing was good in that hotel was the location. The rest terrible!! Dirty, unconfortable, noisy, disgusting bathroom. Does not deserve even for this price, no way. The breakfast area was really small and we needed to wait to take it for long time.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or215-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",My stay at the Whiteleaf,"I booked a 5 night stay at the Whiteleaf hotel after seeing the pictures on the website. Upon arrival I was greeted by a friendly and courteous fellow, the reception area looked like the pictures and I was told I was given a room with a balcony.  The room was at the front of the hotel overlooking the street and looked NOTHING like the pictures from Any of the websites I viewed. The room was morbid with a horrible smell and depressing beige colouring all supplemented with 6 lights, all of which made the room have a weird fluorescent feel to it. The bed was horrible, with one sheet and a blanket on top. There was a cabinet in the corner with a kettle and various other sachets of tea and sugar in. There was also a 11 inch TV and video combi on a bracket about 8 foot above the bed.…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or215-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel? - Budget hostel!,"This is a horrible place and way too expensive for the  offered comfort. The two existing websites provide false information and misleading impressions. This place is a cheap budget hostel (in terms of quality, not price) and certainly not suitable for business customers, as it is also advertised. There is 1 shower with a moldy curtain for the whole house, windows which you cannot lock despite an external scaffold for facade works, dim room lights where you can't even have a proper shave. After 3 days they finally brought not the requested desk lamp but a ridiculous bulb on a cable which I could clip to the wardrobe door. They didn't even manage to exchange my chair with the broken backrest during my 4 days stay. Also the WIFI connection didn't work properly, although I asked…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or215-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant location, cheap, friendly but don't expect luxury.","Fantastic location just by the Bayswater tube station.  Very much within walking distance to Paddington station. Very friendly service. Decent price as well.  However, wifi didn't seem to work for me and the shower was rather cold. Only stayed a night and was in a hurry the next day so was not looking for luxury. ",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or220-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience ever!,"We stayed in this hotel last month and it was horrible. First, they wanted to charge us 5% more because we wanted to pay by credit card. Then, the room was a disaster. The tab of the sink in the bathroom was broken and the water kept running all night long. There was no hot water and the towels were old,and dirty. The bed sheets were also dirty with stains. The price was really over rated (85£ per night)! The only good point was the location.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or220-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Non supportive!,We had to cancel hotel stay due to weather conditions and not being able to get to London with recent gales .  Even due to circumstances they would not refund or allow us change dates !  Never use them again !  Also websites totally not appealing so unsure what hotel itself is like ?,Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or220-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice staff, the rest is bad...","Great location - 3 min walk to the tube station. The staff is nice and helpful. Breakfast is adequate. All the rest is pure horror. The room, that was advertised as quadruple, is barely enough for the beds - we had to jump over our suitcases. There's a kettle, some cups and glasses, some coffee and tea we haven't used. The ad promised ""free WiFi in all areas"", in fact it only worked in the lobby. Bathroom. Very claustrophobic. We had to keep all our toiletry stuff in the room. No place even to put a toothbrush. Small sink with two minuscule faucets on the opposite sides. Water pressure in the shower was very weak. But it's just as well, because the sink was packed most of the time. The shower cabin is designed strictly for slim people. No way to turn around when you're taking a…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or220-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",appaulling,"Good points - brilliant location That is all Booked 2 double rooms. First one had 3 single beds (different heights) with a view of a stack of rubbish bags. Damp walls, 1 light out of 4 working, a broken wardrobe and a filthy shower and bedding. Room 2 had dirty sheets, I found a blood stain on one side. Out of 6 lights 1 worked, 1 flickered by itself. Paint dried on a towel. Disgusting shower again and a view of the builders on the scaffolding ""refurbishing"" the building. Was then shown 3 more rooms equally as dirty with one having urine left on a toilet seat! YES URINE LEFT ON THE SEAT !!!  After arguing with manager and having to get booking.com customer services to help us,  the owner eventually come down. Refused to accept his hotel was dirty, rudely reminding me it wasn't 5…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or220-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel experience of my entire life! BEWARE,"Before I arrived at the hotel I checked my bank statement and noticed that the hotel had deducted the cost of the room for two nights from my card, £114. No problem, I thought to myself, it needs paying and that's one thing I wont have to do when I arrive.   So, I arrive and the man at the desk asks for a further payment of £119.70. I tell him I have already paid and he says ""no, the £114 ha just been frozen in your account and will be released back to you in about a week"". I had been awake since 4.30am in order to go up and work in the capital every week and this situation was not a happy one. I asked to see the manager who promptly cam along and told me that his colleague was wrong and that if I simply punched in my pin number the money would only be taken once. I advise him…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or225-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",5%bank charges if you don't pay cash,"Illegite, dirty poor service, faulty equipment that's dangerous, exposed wires sharp surfaces cutting ourselves on the edges, shower didn't work. Just a sham of a hotel really. Surprised they've not been shut down by health and safety",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or225-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Unacceptable.....!!!,"We booked this 'hotel' for the location, that is excellent and very accessible to both the Central line and District line metros...But it was no more then a 1* accommodation under the guise of a 3* 'rating'. More like a hostel.  No hot water for 4 of the 7 days....no light in our bathroom..until we made them switch our room (taking us to a filthy room to bath, with used towels on the floor, in the interim) Dirty, small, with a horrible smell that still lingers. Had paid in full (more then 170$ a day and wanted a refund to switch hotels, but they would not give it, under ANY circumstances...Absolutely Unacceptable and No Customer Service !!",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or225-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, run-down slum.","I booked at the last minute and was looking for something cheap, but I still ended up paying way over £100 per night for what was basically a cupboard, with a single bed, sheets with holes. Terrible. The second worst hotel I've ever seen in Europe.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or225-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre,"We we're put in this hotel after our other one overbooked. First look of the place,looks like they are refurbing but pretty nice.the reception was okay,not exactly welcoming or helpful but told us our room number and had to find it ourselves. It looked more like a b&b rather than a hotel. Room was okay for a triple room,double bed and single with an en suite,it was clean but tiny! Just enough room for one person to move around,while the other 2 sat on the bed. The place needs a seriously good refurb but it's okay if you just want somewhere to rest your head for the night,breakfast is simple,toast and croissants with juice,tea and coffee. ",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or225-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Whiteleaf in Bayswater, London","This place is in a great location, all services are at the door steps and within a very short walking distance are great restaurants, supermarkets, and novelty shops. The hotel itself is only OK, our last room was quite reasonable, relatively clean and showers were good. the staff are very friendly and do go out of their way to help. I'd give breakfast a miss its pretty basic and you can get a full English brekky for only 6 pounds around the corner. The staff allowed us to store our luggage which is a bonus, however I would have to say this Hotel is only a Budget Hotel, and you get what you pay for. Huge tip - don't get sucked in on the offer of the 2 bedroom flat, it sounds good but OMG its filthy & smells could not wait to get out of it",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or230-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Beyond Belief,"I've given them 1 circle purely because when I arrived the staff were friendly. We were actually upgraded and if the room we got was an upgrade I would hate to see the others!!  We were given a flat as an upgrade, my boyfriend had already checked into it and as he was late for a meeting just dropped his bags and left. When I arrived, the building the flat was in did not look the nicest place. On entering the flat I can only assume that it was used as a staff house. It was filthy! Most of the light bulbs didn't work, the water tank made an horrific noise every time you turn on the tapes or flushed the toilet. I had to wipe the table as it was covered in..... well who knows what it was covered in and I used the spare towels to cover the dirtiest carpet I've ever seen.    They…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or230-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great base in london","Stayed here in July where we had to book at late notice as our previous accommodation fell through. Staff at reception were quite helpful and allowed us to store our luggage there before and after we had checked in and out. They also hooked us up with a great shuttle bus that took us straight to the airport with no hassles.  This hotel was a great hotel for us as it had included breakfast, free wifi that worked in the room, great location that was super close to two underground stations and was a great base for us to store our things and crash after a full day of sightseeing. If you're planning on staying in this hotel for more than that you might not enjoy your stay as it really was just a base for us to stay when we spent most of our time out and about.  Would stay again as it…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or230-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Budget Hotel - disappointing,"After reading some of the more favourable reviews for this hotel, I decided to book, unfortunately, very disappointing!  The location of this hotel is superb....spitting distance from Bayswater & Queensway tube stations and Hyde Park at the end of the road, what more could you ask for......the accommodation however did let the place down.  I stayed with my two children (11 & 9) and our room was right at the front overlooking the very busy street, with a bus stop right outside.  The room was so hot that we had to have the very large window/doors open for ventilation, but unforutnately the constant traffic noise kept us all awake, aswell as another guest who decided to sit outside shouting on his mobile phone for over an hour at 3am!!  The room decor needs updating, and there…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or230-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Nice budget hotel in the city,"After a few trips to London, I decided that staying outside the city center was not worth the time and trouble - since I am actually there to see the city. So after much research on TripAdvisor, I chose to stay at Whiteleaf. I knew going in that it was not a 4 or 5 star hotel, but that was OK. I was willing to sacrifice a few creature comforts for the affordable price in the city.  The room was quite small, including the bathroom. There was barely room to turn around in the bathroom. Anyone qualifying as 'obese' by American standards would literally not fit in the bathroom. The accommodations were basic and quite acceptable. Upon arriving back to the hotel, I witnessed the cleaning people bleaching the entryway, so that was a sign to me that the owner takes some pride in the…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or230-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",lovely stay,Had no big expectations with the price of this place but had a really lovely stay here with the family. Breakfast basic but did the job and would recommend this place as a decent place to stay for any family. The family room for 6 was extremely good value.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or235-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in!,"Genuinely the worst place I've ever stayed in. The crazy thing is, it's in a brilliant location - close to two tube stations, close to a busy street with supermarkets, pubs & restaurants, pretty much everything you need when visiting London.  I stayed in a single bed box room, next to the main staircase in the hotel (right outside my door). I had to share a bathroom and a shower with the rest of the floor, and to think we're in 2013 - in LONDON! Not only that, the staff were incredibly unhelpful, and very smug when they claimed I had to pay for the entire 5 nights I had booked, even though my company had tried to cancel my stay after the first night but were hung up on and ignored at every chance they got.   Simply put - do not stay here!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or235-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","""Absolutely Shocking""","I paid £440 for two nights stay.for two people with booking.com.This was a last minute trip which foolishly I paid for in advance .Don't make my mistake for goodness sake.We were put in a third floor bedroom (there is no lift).The bedroom lacked drawers to put clothes in and there was nowhere to hang a dress or suit trousers as the wardrobe had a partition through it's middle. The toilet smelt of urine.The shower flooded the bedroom when used.The bedroom was on the noisy front side of the hotel and the bed had broken springs.Alongside this there was a constant droning noise of water similar to the sound of a flushing toilet all through the night.They claim to offer a continental breakfast but what's on offer is in fact a choice of two cereals,toast,processed cheese, dry stale…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or235-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience in a hotel,"I ended up in this hotel after another hotel dropped me due to overbooking (Executive Rooms London Kensington) on a very busy night at London. I was charged close to twice as much to the price given in booking.com (charged £150 without breakfast whereas booking.com listed it at £87 including breakfast). I was put in a room in the basement (dirty, dirty, dirty!) and they said that my own private toilet was at the second floor and the shower at the third! None of these where of cource private (no key) and I saw other people using the restroom which was worst than busy puplic restrooms. It was simply horrible! I checked in at 1:30am, did not leave because I had no other place to go and left first thing in the morning. It was worst than third world countries, disgusting. I did not…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or235-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",good hotel according to the price...,"The hotel is ok, our room was confortable but there is a thing about the stairs. Our room was on the second floor and we had to carry our bags all the way up with any kind of help, only for vigorous young people,,,,",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or235-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location,Value and Service","We stayed for 5 nights last month with my wife and two kids. We were firstly weary of the reviews here but for that buget and super location what else)))) We were very happy with the staff who were caring and went out of their way to help us first timers.We save a lotta money right from the taxi,routings and planning our outings and visits.The Lebara calling card sim was so useful and economical.Thanks soo much Ashraf....Cheers....Naresh",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or240-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be taken in by the pics. This is the pits!,"I am not kidding, this hotel is the worst I have ever been in. Even compared to third world countries it is terrible. Please don't let the photos on the website deceive you. It is nothing like the real thing. The hotel is surrounded by very plush upmarket places and is a stones throw from Kensington Gardens. Great location but where do I start? Remember I am not exaggerating any of  this. The surly staff, who struggle with english, at check in didn't bode well. The room, a single, stank, reeked of damp and cigarette smoke. The carpet was stained all over, torn and dirty. The room was incredibly small, the bathroom so small you had to turn sideways to get to the toilet which would only flush after 3 attempts. Exposed fittings looked very dodgy. Half a roll of toilet paper was all…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or240-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",stay Away ***Be Ware***,"Very small rooms Hot and smelly, location is just ok but the hotel itself is very poor. We had to leave the hotel and book another one bcz the room was very boiling hot and small. I would recommend anything else but this hotel. Also the toilet seat was not properly fixed and the toilet itself was so awkwardly fitted near the wall that one cant evev sit on it properly. Complain this to the reception but nothing they did.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or240-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You only get what you pay for,Friend and I stayed at this  hotel in May. Room was small and the bathroomn even smaller. The room was on the second floor; beware there is no lift. The bedding was clean but unfortunatley the toilet had limescale in the pan which I complained about but nothing was done. The reception staff were helpful. There are plenty of buses and two train stations nearby. We wouldnt stay again but it was reasonably priced.,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or240-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",A Pleasant Stay in Bay Shore,"Whiteleaf hotel is a pleasant, sympathetic accommodation for someone who appreciates excellent location and needs a hotel basically just for sleeping the nights there.  Special thanks for the friendly and always-willing-to-help receptionists, especially Asraf who provided great tips gladly and of his own initiative and who always had an extra minute with the guests.  The rooms were nice & warm at the end of April. (No draught, which was appreciated.) The cleaning was good. The breakfast is a typical English one, it's ok as long as one likes toast, cheese, cereals, juice, coffee/tea. Our room was on the third floor (no elevator), so there was some climbing to do which is ok though if you're fit.  The location was excellent - you could hop on certain red buses right by the front…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or240-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Reasonably priced hotel, friendly staff, good location","I visited this hotel with a friend and her seven year old son so we had a triple room.  The room was clean and warm, with comfy beds. The decor was acceptable, although a little worn.  It was fairly small, but hey, this is London so not expecting huge rooms,  and I don't spend much time in room anyway!    We paid under £100 for the 3 of us for one night, which, considering it was May half term I thought was pretty reasonable.  It is on a fairly quiet street and we all had a decent night's sleep although there was some noise with people walking around in the room above from about 7am.  The staff were very friendly and very good with my friend's son who was very excited to be in London and staying in a hotel for the first time.  They answered his questions, joked with him and…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or245-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",lovely place to stay,"excellent, very helpfull staff, great location, resonable price...strongly recommended! rooms were clean, stuff at the reception always happy to help, Also  a very convenient location close kensington gardens the immediate area was quite lively with a good choice of places to eat as well as pubs it was also very close to two underground stations and about a 15 or 20 minute walk through the gardens to the royal albert hall and museums",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or245-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value Great Staff,"I stayed here last week with my family and we had a lovely stay. Warm welcome from the front desk staff, quick check-in , clean room and it is a great value hotel. We were not expecting  much after reading reviews on  tripadvisor but hotel amaze us . We will definetly stay again in future.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or245-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",reasonable..comfortable,we( me and my husband) stayed in hotel last month  The hotel has reasonable price with breakfast we found comfortable in hotel  the staff were friendly and helpful anytime of day and night  no inconvenience happend  would recommend for stay in hotel,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or245-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst  Hotel Ever,"Absolutely disgusting hotel. The rooms smelt of damp! There was damp patches all over the carpets. The radiator leaked all over my friends clothes. Never again would I stay again in that Hotel. The staff barely spoke English. The shower never worked. The T.V reception was awful. The pillows where dirty. Overall the room was worse then staying in a crack den. Never again would I stay here,",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or245-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Not so so bad.,My boyfriend and I stayed 3 nights at this hotel. The room was always done but it was very small. It wasn't too far from the city centre but close to the subway station. The breakfast is poor. The staff is cool. Let the luggages for free in the hotel. Paid too much for what it is.,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or250-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed.,"We booked this for a last minute tourist trip to London we had planned to take just before Christmas.  We got a very good price for such a good location however there were major compromises.   On arrival we checked in and everything went smoothly. The lobby is slightly outdated but it does the trick.   From reading other reviews we knew there wasn't going to be a lift so we were both praying to be on the first floor. Ended up with room 104 which we considered rather lucky at the time.   We had been awake since 530am and had spent that whole day walking around London doing all the usual sight seeing. All we wanted to do was get into bed, watch some TV and fall asleep.  HA!  The remote control for the digi box either didn't work or it was supposed to be stuck on a news channel,…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or250-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",good for its location,"We knew that there was no elevator from other reviews. The steps were really steep and many up to the third floor were our room was. We asked for a room lower down and we got room 102. It faces the back garden,its quiet, more spacious than our room 304 and a bigger bathroom. breakfast consists of bread , butter , jam, sliced yellow cheese and cornflaces,tea ,coffee and milk and orange juice. The entire staff was helpful and friendly. Its only 2 minute walk from bayswater station and its a safe area.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or250-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"Stayed there for two nights in the middle of this month. at first my booking got messed up but that might be between the hotel and Expedia and I might not blame them for it. i Anded up getting the smallest hotel room I ever seen in my life for the first night and slept on the worst bed i ever bed on in my life, I honestly could not believe how bad it was. the second night the room I got was slightly larger, the bed was as bad, both room were dirty, full of ""left over"" from the people who stayed there before me... I was at the last leg of long and very expensive vacation and all I wanted is a simple reasonably priced accommodation. I can honestly say that was the worst hotel experience I ever had.  Stay away from this place at all cost ...",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or250-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Overpriced, dirty and in need of rennovation","I really didn't intend to write a bad review as the staff were so friendly and helpful in this hotel, but when I arrived back from work at 10pm and my room hadn't been serviced and there were no staff left to then clean the room, I had to share my thoughts.  If you can get this hotel for a really cheap price you probably won't mind so much, but I paid £114/night as they only had a triple left.  Positives first - very friendly staff, good central location and very clean communal areas.  Breakfast was basic but fresh and very clean dining room. Clean bathroom and beds (also very comfortable). Don't think they hoover carpets more than once a month, as stairs (no lift) very dirty and didn't take my shoes off while walking around bedroom as so dirty. No doors on cupboards or drawers…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or250-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Best cheap choice,"I really don't know why this hotel has so bad reviews. In my opinion you get a lot compared with what you pay. The rooms are fine, maybe not a 4star of course but they have everything: bed, wardrobe, mirror, telephone, tv, kettle and a bathroom with shower. Breakfast is also included end it isn't bad at all. Beside this I must spend a word on the receptionist Rakesh; he has been very helpful! He gave us some piece of advise on what to visit, where to eat and how to get to the places we wanted to visit.  We really enjoyed it and if you are looking for a cheap accommodation I believe this is the best.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or255-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing," Arrived on olympics closing ceremony day. Tripple bed room was reserved in advance but we arrived and they made up some bull s**t excuse that the room wasn't availiable for an unexplained reason and they tried to move us to another hotel and offer to pay for taxis (thinking they were trying to get extra money and sell the room again). We weren't having any of it and got a double room and another single room in this hotel. The double room wasn't great as we were 3 guys. The rooms were roasting, found a cockroach in one when we woke up. The single room didnt have a toilet or shower nor did they tell us where a comunal one was. Whole hotel felt outdated and tatty. On the upside it was good value for the location and time and the rooms were clean.  Only thing preventing us from…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or255-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel!,"We booked a quadruple room and were given the tiniest room with 2 double beds only 18 inches apart, rather than the big room advertised on the website. No room to unpack a suitcase. We were told it was ""our fault"" we hadn't specified the room!! Three flights of stairs and we had to dodge the man hoovering who wouldn't move out of the way to let us go up stairs.The place smelt strongly of air freshener, not sure what  smells they were trying to hide but this shabby cramped hotel with surly staff isn't worth the money.",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or255-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Never again !!,"Good points : very close to bayswater tube station/Hyde park/Kensington Park. Clean bedding  Bad points: old dated hotel, shabby rooms and bathroom. Paint peeling from walls and wooden bathroom items, mirror on the wall had paint over it. Carpet was random bits put together, curtains were part hung from the poles. Window didn't stay up. Electric sockets were broken and not working. some beds had matress protectors some had nothing but a fitted sheet. One pillow which was like road kill. Towels were hard and off white colour. Staff managed to give the wrong wifi code. Toilet roll was cheap and nasty. Not sure fire alarms are wired in. Fire doors were left open day and night.  Asked to change rooms as first was awful and the next wasn't much better. They ask for payment before…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or255-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel and Location,"Great Location, Nice and suitable rooms in given prices. Staffs helpful and always ready to guide about city. Free wifi, Tea, Coffee in the room . I would like to stay again in this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or255-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to rest in great location,"Well, reading some reviews devastating this hotel, I have to think that they live in castles or book only in 5 stars hotels, because this place isn´t bad at all. Yes, it´s true this isn´t the eight wonder in the world, and yes, the building isn´t great and modern but face these two things: the place is cheap and it´s located in one of the best sites in the whole London, one street across is Hyde Park, 1 minute to Bayswater sub and plenty of shops around. Not a bad room, shower is ok, free wi-fi and a modest breakfast. This is a hotel to sleep while you´re travelling in London, staff is gentle and think you´re paying such a small amount for good sleep in a place near Notting Hill. Isn´t too bad, is it?",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or260-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here,"On our arrival the room wasn't cleaned,and after it was cleaned it was still dirty.The shower had pubic hair in it,the toilet wasn't clean also in the shower room,the floor tiles were all cracked and broken,won't go into the room itself as I could be here all day..but just to sum things up,it was very very poor and would advise people to avoid it like the plague.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or260-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect Location, cheap & tatty but don't be put off!","I booked this hotel for two nights over the London marathon weekend in April 2012.  The reviews on here left me a little worried but in all honesty the hotel wasn't as bad as I expected.  Yes it's tatty and in desperate need for modernisation but it's very cheap so what do you expect for Central London?!  We had comfortable beds, clean linen & clean towels, and also found the reception staff very friendly & helpful.  And probably the best thing is the location.  It's literally a 2 minute walk from Bayswater tube station & also a street full of every sort of shop, restaurant & supermarket you can think of.  There's a Tesco Local, Sainsburys, McDonalds, Burger King, Pizza Hut, Greggs, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Thai etc literally in the next street. And the street where the…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or260-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER EVER STOP THERE!,"Me and my two friends stopped there for one night and i have never seen such a horrible hotel, my friend was 4 months pregnant and would not sleep in the room she went to tell the manager what was wrong with the room and he told her to stop lieing about being pregnant, our room had tisues with blood on them in the bed, there was blood up the wall and on the bed sheets, hair in the shower with dirty soap suds, out of 6 lights only 2 worked, and worst off all there was nails hanging out off the wall in the bathroom if a child had slipped and fell on would have seriously hurt them. If i was you never ever ever go to this hotel the management is rude, the rooms are dirty, and the continental breakfast is jam on bread and cold tea. not worth a penny off your money!!!",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or260-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",excellent for  tourists,"it was such a nice place for stop over in London very near to tube stations and Hyde park , this is a well established three star hotel i was going through some reviews of different guest , thank God i didnt go with there ideas i find this hotel quite nice neat and clean please dont expect Hilton and Sheraton hotel chain standard in itself it is really nice hotel some of the pictures i find are too old from 2010 --even from 2003 please ignore them i would love to stay again ////just need to improve break fast may be can serve full English even for some extra cost --",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or260-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Keep Looking For Decent Accommodation,"On check-in the manager seemed to be friendly enough. But when we proceeded upstairs to our room we soon noticed all the faults. The bed was broken and mattress was sagging down into the bed and the TV did not work. We went down stairs to complain only to be greeted by another staff member that could not speak any English in an English speaking country. The communication problems where terrible and I have never encountered anything like it anywhere even in Europe. We where given the excuse that the previous guests must have been jumping on it, which I did not believe. We complained and where given a slightly bigger room that was also riddled with problems.  - Broken lamps hanging off the walls. - Broken basins in the bathroom. - Chair covered with water stains, filth and grime…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or265-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Great service!,"The service is great, the location is great and had it just been cheaper it would have been perfect. The fact is that you do get some really nice hotels in London for around a 100 pounds. And of course the standard will maybe double for paying 20 pounds extra then what you do here. If the rooms where around 60 pounds then you would get what you pay for and still in a great neighborhood.   But I would stay again for the great service. I got help with everything I needed. The tube is right around the corner and wi-fi is free.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or265-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Unbearably hot,"You get what you pay for, but I still think that you could expect more from a hotel. The breakfast could have been better. It was really hot in the room, and the staff wasn't able to turn down the temprature of the radiator. In order to obtain a pleasant temprature we had to chose between having the radiator at the highest temprature or having the windows open during the night. Small bathroom, and the springs of the bed were broken.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or265-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Dont understand what people are complaining about,"Nice, REALLY cheap hotel with nice stuff. Cant understand why people say it´s horrible. Location is excellent, underground station only 1 min walk away. Yes, rooms are quite small but this is what you get for this price. For families and honeymoons maybe not the best option.  Cheers!",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or265-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",quite okay..but I book other hotel if go to london again...,"we booked online before our trip. the location is near the bayswater tube station. there is also mini market, laundry, halal food cafe/restaurant and many souveniers shops all around. Plus, the Malaysia Student Hall is also nearby. you can go there and eat nasi lemak, laksa, nasi dan lauk-pauk.  the hotel itself... hmm.. i think there are others which is much better...",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or265-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",affordable & convenient,"we stayed there on october last year. its very affordable & convenient. very near to the tube station and bus stop and also only a walking distance away to hyde park. it was very easy to travel around, its near to most places i really wanted to go. there are many sourvenir shops in that area - (cheaper than those at centre of london). plus there are many shops serving halal food. the manager and staffs were friendly. the manager even gave us discount and offered us the room at Ground Floor. we had surveyed some other similar budget hotels in that area, but whiteleaf is the best - based on cleanliness and safety. will stay there again for the next london getaway. :)",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or270-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Very friendly staff, convenient hotel","This hotel is great value for money. Given the price, what else could you want? The hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly. The Celenk family from Turkey thanks you for everything :-)",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or270-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",NOT TOO IMPRESSED WITH WHITELEAF,"We are a retired couple who wanted a budget -price hotel reasonably centrally  situated with close access to public transport. Whiteleaf ticked all these boxes ideally with 2 tube stations & bus-route with wide variety of shops & restaurants & with the bonus of Kensington Palace Gdns .Hyde Pk. being only a few minutes walkaway.  That's the good bit; check-in desk displayed a notice saying 'back in 10 mins'. which lasted 30 and whilst waiting at reception, I noticed a pile of suitcases stacked behind the desk but with no attendant and the front-door permanantly open, anyone could have walked in and helped themselves. Not a good start. Room was small but basically serviceable, bathroom had no plug & towel-rail kept falling off the wall. Totally concur with recent correspondent re…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or270-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Great for our a lil break to London,My wife and I stayed at Whiteleaf just over a month ago to celebrate our anniversary . . We have been to London before but stayed with family then so this was our real first experience of London hotels. Fortunately it wad a good experience and we had a pleasant relaxing time at the hotel. Our room was clean and on arrival we were welcomed with fresh flowers in our room . . My wife assumed it was from me . . The receptionist was very helpful at check in and even allowed us to enter room a few hours early . . . The hotel offered free wireless Internet but as we did not have our laptop we used the pc in the lobby although there is an hourly charge for this . . The great thing about this hotel is it's location . . . It's just around the corner from bayswater train station . . We had…,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or270-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",“Beware of the thief”,"In my search for accommodation near Hyde Park my mind was focused on clean, safe and budget Bed and Breakfast accommodation. My purpose for being in London was to attend an intensive seminar during the day and later into the evening. I knew this would leave me tired and ready for bed when I returned. It being my first visit to this area I thought it best to pre book accommodation. So before I left home in Ireland I booked a B/B from the internet that reviewed and looked OK.(sadly not tripadviser.ie) Luckily, I didn’t give a deposit because I ran from there as quickly as I arrived, it really was a kip.  I walked a short distance down the street to Whiteleaf. The reception area seemed nice and the receptionist was friendly. Although I didn’t see the room because it was not ready…",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or270-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Familly 4,"Our family went for a 10 days holliday in October. At Whiteleaf hotel we were met by a staff that were very helpfull. Very serviceminded and always there for us. The familyroom was spaceious with nice beds and bathroom with both shower and tub. The rates are very good compared to other hotels in the area.  In the evening they serve a lovely Indian buffet. The hotel is one-minute walk form the tube and five-minute walk from busstop towards Piccadilly Circus, with many stops at Oxford street. Perfect location for a walk in Hyde Park and Queensway.  So thank you to Malik and the rest of the staff for a nice plasant stay! We will recommend this hotel to family and friends:-)",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or275-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"The receptionist gave us an apartment a few blocks from the hotel instead of the four-bed room we had booked. The hotel was full and the condition was that we wrote a revju from the stay. So here it comes. We got a good impression of the receptionist. He promised us a lovely, large apartment instead of the 4 bed room we had booked, and of course for the price of the room. He ordered the taxi that drove us up to the apartment that was on the corner of Bishop's Bridge Road and Westbourne terrace. It was a beautiful building and the apartment was great, but the apartment was really overdue. Furniture that was about to fall apart. The white / gray wall to wall carpet that was laid in all rooms except the kitchen and the bathroom was really dirty and did not invited to take off the…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or275-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay at Whiteleaf,"My husband and I made our bookings well in advance for our trip to london and were allocated a great room. We loved it..The room was a good size and very good en-suite facilities, spotlessly clean. The shower was good and a decent size. A very good, wide ranging buffet service is available. I personally loved the Indian Chicken biryani. Staff were extremely helpful, multi-lingual. Manager was very nice as he helped us a lot by giving us information about london and where to go sightseeing. My husband had meetings here hence i had to travel alone. The booklets provided to me by the manager were extremely helpful. The service in this hotel is excellent. Reception staff couldn't have been more helpful.  Maps are provided and seemingly all queries however obscure tackled.The hotel…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or275-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable,"I stayed in room 101 for 3 nights.  Hotel location was very good. Bayswater tube station is just around the corner, so is Hyde Park. There was no issue with booking (I booked via booking.com). A small surprise was that when I arrived, I was told if I pay by credit card I will be charged 5% extra. This is rare for hotel in my opinion. Staff were nice. Malik the GM was very helpful. Room was okay. It's small but it is in London, next to Hyde Park, close to the tube. So I would say price was reasonable. The building is old, so of course there is noise, but not much. My room was clean. Some small problems: one light didn't work all the time. TV channels are close to zero, with really bad signal, and malfunctioned remote control. In my opinion it should not be counted as ""TV…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or275-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"If you just need a place to stay for the night, this place will be just adequate. It has the basic stuff you would need for the night and it is very close to the underground station and plenty of restaurant and convenient stores. Besides, I would also like to say that the service and help is excellent, especially from the hotel manager A.Malik. He has helped us alot during our stay and is very polite.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or275-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",its a great place to sleep in London,have the basics stuffs  if your needs are  to have good place to sleep in London .doesnt have luxeries but it works if your objective its enjoy the city of London .in my stay the manager A.Malik always helped me with all the things that i need . the rooms are small but the hotel is  not expensive so it worth it,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or280-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"It's disgusting, rat ridden, things are falling apart, it's rotting and to be honest I'm quite surprised its been allowed to stay open due to health and safety and general hygiene. I'm sure if a hotel inspector was called to any one of the rooms or even areas of the hotel (judging from the rest of the reviews) it would be closed immediately. I felt like Harry Potter living at his Aunt and Uncle's house in the cupboard under the stairs!!! Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for a valentine's weekend in London but the rooms were so terribly laid out, that and the fact I was terrified a small rodent would creep out over me we ended up hobbling around everywhere as if we were in a three legged race. The bathroom looks like its had lime scale being built up since toilets were first…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or280-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid room 208,"Staff is nice.  Room 208 has a reoccurring leak from the ceiling.  The room stinks of mildew and the presence of an electric space heater not present in other rooms should have been a warning sign.  One day back from a daytrip and the room was sopping wet.  After accommodating me with other rooms for two nights, they moved me back to this room for my last night after they dried things up a little.  That was pretty insulting. I was offered a free dinner in the restaurant downstairs as compensation",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or280-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Better than sleeping in the street, but not by much","I actually did not encounter any problems with my booking, like many others are saying, but I did overhear many people having those problems as I was trying to get checked in.  Warnings: * it is NOT at all as nice as it appears in the photos * it is also an all-you-can-eat Indian buffet (noisy, etc) * like others, my room was dirty * the bathroom didn't work, and did not have any soap, etc. * the wifi didn't work * the man working the counter (I think the manager) bursts into arguments with customers very easily. * no elevator/lift for disabled people, or people with heavy luggage * someone had been smoking pot in the room right before they let me in..it was pretty obvious  However, in the hotel's defense, I did not actually complain about anything. So many other customers had…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or280-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",we didn't even make it there!,"Me and a few of my friend's are going to the Wireless Festival next week. We chose this hotel as it was in a good location, the prices were reasonable and it seemed a pretty good choice, however that was before reading people's comment's on here.   We noticed last night that a few people had commented saying their booking had being cancelled, so just to double check I rang the hotel this morning and to my surprise the man on the phone had no reference of my booking. I booked it through Hostelbooker.com and he said they had cancelled my booking last week and had tried to ring me, but couldn't get through, so instead of leaving me a message or trying to call back later HostelBooker.com emailed me to confirm the cancellation, which again I didnt receive. When I asked why the…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or280-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Im not that picky but this place is a filthy dump.Dont beleive what you see online, they show you a nice room with two double beds and a bathroom, when I arrived I got a room that was about 4 feet wide by 8 feet long with no bathroom and dirty.One sheet one old blanket and no pillow. When I told manager that is not what I booked online we he tried to get as munch money out of me as he could for upgrade 350 more pounds. I wasted one whole day of my vacation lookingfor new hotel. Found nice clean hotel for 69 pounds a nite. Heard many complaints from other guests one lady complaining about dead cockroches in room. Do yourself a favor stay away, IM 53 never wrote bad review before and have stayed in my share of bad hotels but not this bad and the fact that  they will try to rob you…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or285-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You should be paid instead of paying to stay there!,"There is no meaning in talking about the dirty premises and the small rooms or even the absence of hot water when: They move your things in the middle of the day without prior notice or even asking you. You just come back to the hotel after a tiring day and you just find other people staying in your old room, your things are ""literally thrown"" in a basement room near the kitchen. And if your first reaction is that I would leave this Hotel, forget about it. You prepay and not only you never get your money back but the manager also threatens you that since he knows your credit card details, he can charge you more. The only solution, you keep packing and changing rooms through your rest of vacation. Don't even bother booking at this hotel and if you do just make sure they will pay…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or285-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",THE WORST HOTEL IN THE WORLD I HAVE EVER SEEN,"Firstly, if you are looking for a hotel, pleeease, stay away from this one!!!!! This is surely no hotel!!  Details:  very dirty,  personnel very unprofessional and unfriendly (no attention paid when going in the reception) every stayer at the hotel was unhappy dangerous - some asian guys fighting in front of me smell in the hotel no lift (you have to carry your luggage all way up through the tiny stairs). no soap in the toilet the sink leaking water floor - wet everyday bed sheets torn breakfast - only toast and jam no remote for TV room door not safe very high price for all this  so please everyone, don't get near to this place!!!!!",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or285-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",the horror house hotel,"i'm an italian guy. I stayed at this hotel with relatives 20 to 23 May 2011. from the outside looks like a nice hotel, a classic English style. but inside changes everything: dirty rooms, no hot water, lack of curtains in the bathroom. having a baby in the group is not eligible for a lack of hygiene care, especially if the amount was paid in advance. photos on websites are a bluff and strongly recommended to choose another hotel in the area.",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or285-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",it just a..,"The hotel is very close to the underground station, Hotel staff very helpful too, even the room was small and not so clean. However, the price was good. anything positive or negative,it  just a place to sleep in London.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or285-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disastrious hotel,"I really don't recommend you to stay in hotel if you don't want to end up having a shower with freezing water since AFTER paying the full amount, the receptionist told us that half of the hotel did not have hot water because something was not working and which did not get arranged during the 4 days we stayed there. Rooms are really small and not so clean. Sometimes we even had to ask for more towels because they did'nt put enough for all of us. Since we had 2 rooms we requested to have rooms close to each other bit instead we had one room on the ground floor and the other on the third. We did'nt sleep for more than 8 hours in all 3 nights we spent there since every thing what's happening outside or nextdoor is like happening in your room.The staff were all foreign and they can't…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or290-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for...,"I was looking for somewhere cheap to crash nr. Bayswater after work's Christmas party & Whiteleaf was on FastBooking.com at £39 per night - booked in early October.  This price is less than half the average price of hotels in the area so my expectations weren't high. A few days before, thought to read reviews of Whiteleaf & my expectations went through the floor - so many negative reviews on here! A day before, I called to confirm the booking, but the number wouldn't connect (expectations down even further). I emailed & got a reply confirming within 3 hrs (good enough). I arrive & have to pay upfront (£5 surcharge for plastic, so cash it is) which made expectations even lower, if that's possible. The guy on the front desk wasn't what you'd call obsequious, but did his job OK.  I…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or290-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We booked two double rooms and one adult and one kid slept in each room, the rooms were next to each other so that was considerate of reception to place us so. Rooms were not super clean, but they were ok. TV worked fine, shower and toilet fine and the kettle in the rooms was appreciated. We could leave our luggage for the last day in the reception when sightseeing, that was nice to be able to do. Quiet central location - perfect. I can recommend this place also for families with a limited budget, no luxury place but good enough.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or290-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrible service! THEY CANCEL YOUR BOOKING WITHOUT TELLING YOU!,"My sister had booked this hotel MONTHS earlier. She had written confirmation from the hotel that all was ok and that they could even check in at midnight because their flight arrived to UK so late.  My sister and her friends arrived to the hotel at 1 am in the morning just to hear from the guy at the reception that they had cancelled the reservation (without telling my sister) and that the hotel was full.  He managed to find a room for the tired travellers from Earl's Court from a really dodgy hotel for one night only (they were staying for 5 nights) and even made the girls get their own cab and pay for it as well.  The next day I found them a nice room from Travelodge at Soutwark, great location (just a short walk from Southbank and London Eye) and according to my sisters a LOT…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or290-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Full Dirty and Unruly Staff,Happened to stay in this hotel first time and had a aweful experience. I came to know later that this hotel has been rated as one of the dirtest hotel available in London...Please dont even think of even look at this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or290-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","""Felt like home away from home""","I have stayed in Whiteleaf Hotel several times, with my friends. We choose it again and again, because it feels  better to stay at this hotel than any other. I have  stayed at a lot of the London hotels, but I definitely prefer this!!! 100% recomended to travelers to London.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or295-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Very practical Choice Hotel :,"I have come to London for a week, mostly for shopping and meet old mates, the reviews make this place look like a nightmare, but nothing scares an Irish women ha ha ha ha.. although for the cost i think its pretty good. It’s 2 star plus hotel, however for me it was perfect. I spend most of my days outdoors , shopping, and just come back in the evening to sleep. I'd rather spend the money on shopping than on a posh hotel which I’m barely going to be in. The location is great! easy access to almost anything especially west end, rooms are a fair size, bathrooms are nice and clean which more important than anything else , they dont really have top of the range furniture but fair enough to read and write.  BEST part they provide wireless broadband internet free of cost UNLIMITED.…",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or295-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","beautiful hotel, great location","This is a beautiful luxury small hotel in Bayswater. Very Professional, excellent and smiling staff. The thing that makes this hotel stand out from all the other hotels in same class is the great staff. they are very freindly and helping. The rooms are also beautifully maintained and clean. Just the breakfast needs improvement. I dont understand why some people complaining about this hotel, we stayed here twice and loved it. Definitely to be recommended.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or295-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable find in the heart of the city,"We were upgraded to a suite on arrival so stay got off to a great start. Room was very nice, We had food in the Restaurant on the evening which was nice but breakfast was awful. staff was very professional and friendly.  Regards, Micheal Murphy From IRELAND.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or295-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel n great service, would definitely stay again n recommend to friends","The location of the Whiteleaf hotel is excellent, only 1 minute walk from Bayswater station and there is a Tesco supermarket right infront of the underground station, however, the hotel is really basic and not very well maintained, but still it is worth what you are paying ..............",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or295-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Room very dirty, staff unfriendly","For the price, this hotel failed miserably.  The room was very dirty, there were bare lightbulbs, ripped and stained carpet and furniture, old mattress, 3 flights of carpeted stairs to walk up, no help or offer of help with bags, and we were the ones who had to tell staff to repair carpet on stairs or else someone might fall!!!  Sink was broken and wobbly, shower was very small but worked.  Neighborhood appeared nice, but was very noisy at night, with drunks hanging about and cars dashing by.  Staff was uncaring and disinterested and spoke with such a heavy accent (English was not their native tongue) we had a hard time understanding them. Took 36 hours to get 2 hangars so we could hang our clothes--no hangars in closet,  Two tiny ""tired"" (old and ragged) towels looking like…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or300-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worse ever hotel,"My sister came from Canada. Took to london from sightseeing. Seen this hotel, nice in the outside view, Staff look  professional. We stayed for 2nights. Gone to the room it's absulutely  nightmare.The room got big cigarettes burn in the middle of the carpet, radiator leaking,soak the carpet very bad. Told to the staff didnt do anything about it. Phone not connected,the room smells very bad. The stairs very narrow the carpets falling off the stairs, very dangerous. Breakfast area was very poor and filty.Breakfast selection was poor. Only they have cornflakes,bread and jam,tea ,coffe. Absulutely appalling. Never again to stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or300-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Experience,"Our stay got off to a bad start.  For various reason, we had to book (and pay for) a 6 person room for 4 travelers.  When we got there and went into our room, the attendant proceed to tell us that he wanted to take one of the double beds out of our room (we had two double beds and two twin beds).  We questioned him and he told us that since we were only 4 people, we didn't need the extra bed.  Well, we paid for a six person room, so needless to say we fought him on it and kept the 4th bed.  Bad start.  We began to look around and found light fixtures with exposed wires hanging on the wall, our blinds were broken, the shower door didn't close and the shower didn't drain.  They brought someone in to fix most of the issues which wasted about 2 hours of our time.   Later in the…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or300-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",avoid,"The whiteleaf although situated in walking distance from London Hotspots like Hydpe Park and Oxford Street, this hotel is not what you would expect. The exterior is misleading along with the lobby you dont realise what you have gotten yourself into until you reach the stairs. The rooms make are scarey and many work place health and saftey rules are violated. With the amount of hotels/hostels/motels you can find in London try everywhere else first. I'm sure its not the worst you will find but you can definatley find better.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or300-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",A DISASTER,"Arrived in room, which looked shabby and small.  Opened cuboard to find a live HUGE black insect, rips in carpet, wallpaper hanging off, no hot water in shower, no plug in sink, tv not working, dirty water left in kettle and it looked like the room had not been cleaned since 1992, AWFULL.  KEEP AWAY!",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or300-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough hotel,"We stayed five nights at this hotel, and I must say that, after reading all the terrible reviews, we were pleasantly surprised to find nothing wrong with this hotel.  Sure, it's not in perfect condition and the room was small, but you expect that in a cheaper hotel.  The bed was comfortable and the place was quiet, so we slept well.  It was clean, there was no bad smell, there were no insects in the room, and everything was working properly.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or305-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Don't even bother booking, they'll cancel it without confirmation","I arrived with my family, my poor parents coming off a 24 hour flight, hoping to just take a shower. We arrived at the hotel to find that they had cancelled my reservation (I had booked 5 months previously) WITHOUT ANY CONSENT. I had shown him my reservation and all he did was shrug. All the recptionist could do (an irritating, rude man) was offer me accommodtion for 5 (there were 7 of us) for double what I was paying. I admit, he was willing to give me a discount, but I found it was meagre and insignificant, considering his solution for the rest of our group was to find another place to stay,  So I would suggest anyone considering on coming here to try 'The Lord's Hotel' at Leinster Square, just around the corner. The rooms are basic but the staff are at least extremely…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or305-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Great value for money, friendly staff, perfect location.","I am surprised by the amount of negative reviews about this hotel. People think that if you pay 25 pounds you must get 5 star quality. Wrong. Yes the rooms are a bit shoddy(poor tv quality) but that is what you get. The staff were helpfull, the bathroom was small but clean, the breakfast was baisic (toasts, jams, water, milk, cornflakes, orange juice, tea, coffee), if you don't like it, there is a number o minimarts with bakeries. The strongest point of the hotel is its location. 30 sec walk to Bayswater tube station, 2 minutes to Queensway and Hyde Park. There is also a cinema and a mall 1 minute away. You get all that with a nice and silent neighborhood.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or305-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Just Awfull!!,"Terrible Bed, no hot water in shower, No Towels, althought they gave me one when I asked. Breakfast was a large communal bowl of cornflakes or a bag of bread. And it was expensive. The hotel room was pooky, bably decorated and you had to choose between closing the windows and baking or opening them and being kept awake by the noise. Plus no lift and the fire escape was blocked by piles of lined. Just don't stay there",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or305-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, terrible front office","The hotel is basic, not bad for a budget hotel.  The location is great a few hundred metres from Bayswater underground, 1 km from Notting Hill, and only 200 metres from Hyde Park. So if you want to short in Oxford Street and enjoy a few trendy areas this is a good place to stay. The rooms are tiny and very tired. The front office manager had zero personality and was always looking for a deal for himself.  Being a first timer to London we needed a taxi, we asked if he could book one for us.  No problems, he booked a private minicar which cost 28 pounds, the return trip by a black cab was only 14 pound. Breakfast was basic, but fine for a budget hotel, it didnt start until 8am, so not that handy if you want an early start.  The two other staff in the hotel were friendly enough. …",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or305-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Swamped by flying ants!!!!!,"This hotel should not be recommended to anyone! There was six of us who went down to watch Blur in Hyde Park last year, only needing accommodation for one night. This hotel seemed like a nice cheap option, the pictures were def deceiving. The actual rooms were small, cramped and dirty!  Upon arriving back from watching Blur on the hottest day of the year, we found that the radiators in our room had been left on and when we asked to turn them off, they weren't. This made the rooms stiffling and it was difficult to breathe. The bathroom, if you can call it that, was the size of a portaloo. Not only did we have dirty sheets, small bathroom and six beds crammed into a small space we had an invasion of flying ants. When reported to the hotel we were pretty much dismissed and nothing…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or310-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Nice reception, awfull room","The reception looks nice, and the staff are nice. Our room was under the roof, the beds were broken, the TV was missing, bulps were hanging from the roof, tiles broken in the bathroom, and wholes in the floor. And there were suitcases from the previous guests left in the room.  We booked a nice looking room over the internet, but they admitted, that they didn't have a room like the on the picture. We couldn't sleep here, so we left and found another hotel. Didn't get our money back.",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or310-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",I would rather die then come back here,"We booked a room for 5 people on the internet, and they didnt inform us that we would be charged 5% using a foreign credit card, if we had known we would have paid the full amount on the internet. The hotel Beds were so bad, I think my dad's backache has just kicked in again! the toilets needless to say was small like my DOGs hut and the rooms was a total mess, they threw linen everywhere and the towels just like mention above was disgusting!   The internet WIFI can only be access through the lobby, and for your information you cant call from the room, you need to come to reception to call in front of the receptionist! The whole place stinks and I have decided to write to the tourism board as soon as I get back, its just plain terrible! if you would have to spend 75 pounds…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or310-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",One of lousiest hotels ever!,The rooms are tiny and filthy. Breakfast is very very poor and cheap. Location is good but it don't compensate for how bad this place is.  The bad was tiny and the sheets were not clean. The towels seemd like they were used several time and were'nt washed at all.,Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or310-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",the worst experience in my live,"Was the first time that my parents leave my country foor a nice holidays,i am living in london about three years, i do not want that nothing similar happen to nobody,i booked a room in the Whiteleaf hotel in London,Inverness terrace,on the first nigth they did not clean my room at all but the big point was on the second nigth when i cacth one guy inside my room with his hand inside my bag with me and my parents inside the room i went straigth to the reception and nobody was there when the guy appear just told me i was dreaming or drunk,we call the police and they recomemnd to me leave the hotel because the door was not force,i am trying to they refund my money because i booked one week and i had to look for another hotel but they told me the policy is 72 h notice but i think…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or310-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience ever! also do not park outside!,"Let me just post my eventual letter to them  - should be self explanatory!  Dear sirs,  After achieving no satisfaction by telephone  I am writing to express my total dissatisfaction with your service and to request a refund of at least £70.00. On the  28th April 2009  I booked a 2 night stay at your hotel. I do have to say why we booked your hotel in the first place – we had a wedding do to go to in St. James, we needed somewhere not too expensive to get a London cab back to.  We also needed secure parking for the two nights and knew a local car park that would take care of us. Firstly you required my card details by email – this is not a secure method and should never be used.  It is not recommended by my bank so I used two emails and a telephone call to spread out the details…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or315-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",We found cockroaches in the bathroom!!!!!,"The hotel is in a great location, and i was only expecting a very basic room for the money we paid. However, as in any hotel I did expect fresh clean towels and bed linen, which did not happen for the duration of our visit!  The hotel also advertises A kettle, hairdryer, and trouser press, which were no where to be found in our room. Our second to last evening we found cockroaches in the bathroom, and decided that was the final straw, we left the following morning! I did request a refund for the evening we would not be staying. The assistant behind the desk was not very helpful and informed me of a 24hr cancellation policy which i was already aware of, but it was not my fault that the hotel was un hygenic, and would not recommend or stay there again!",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or315-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","excellent location,but hotel is in very poor contion","rooms are very bare,furniture old and dirty carpet the same.nothing works properly.breakfast very basic,cheap cornflakes and bread.  will not be returning!!!!",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or315-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap Hotel Excellent Location,I can only write a review of how I see this hotel and will be completely honest. Ok We stayed for 5 evenings and just used the hotel as a base as my partner and I had not been to London before and wanted to sight see more than anything else. The room which we had was very clean and was cleaned everyday and bed sheets etc changed every day. The room was quite small but everything worked....heating; kettle; lights; hot water; shower; toilet; television; hairdryer (occassionally). There was tea and coffee in the rooms and sure they would supply you with the correct items if required. The hotel is very well placed and is adjacent to Bayswater underground and also very near Queensway underground and bus route is right outside too. Don't know if all the rooms are ok of course but if…,Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or315-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Want to see BED BUGS AND BLOOD STAINS...Visit this hotel,Myself and My collegue stayed in the hotel.  It was full of bed bugs and worst bedsheets and bed rolls with rotten smell all over..Without knowing the quality we booked the hotel for long stay and hence we went to complain on this to the manager.  They found the reason for bed bug may be we would have bought it from our office...may be rotten smell as well !...God Sake even if they offer money for staying in their Room Dont Take it  Regards  Prabhu,Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or315-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Most terrible place I have ever been,Stayed over the weekend. We had no hot water at all!!! The beds were absolutly uncomfortable and we had just 2 slices of bread for breakfast and some jam. The haidryer was  not working as well. Had to go to another room (which was a departure and therefore still a mess). Asked for a refund but there was no way to get one. Never ever again!!!,Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or320-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",PATHETIC Whiteleaf Hotel! Never stay there unless you have NO MONEY!,"These people don't know what they are doing...  LIST OF PROBLEMS:  PLACE:  1) Light bulbs were broken. 2) Lighting was pathetic (it looked as if you were in a stadium!) 3) Windows wouldn't shut 4) Pipes were extremely noisy. 5) The shower was useful for people under 1.60 meters... 6) The light interruptor consisted of a rope hunging from the toilet's ceiling...  7) The smell of the entire place is terrible!!! (and they solved it by using sprays...) 8) We had a balcony (our room was 104, right above the hotel's entrance) - we could not access it since the bed hardly fit in the room... 9) They told us they gave us ONE OF THEIR BEST rooms... 10) The balcony had never been cleaned (never ever!). It had some broken chairs and no table or anything to make good use of it...)  SERVICE: …",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or320-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers???,"Where to begin? The drab red lettering on the frontal facade was our sure start for a ""bad"" weekend. On our booking we were told we could check in (pre arranged) at 10am, we travelled from 4 am bear in mind from Devon.  Upon arrival we were duly told by the ""to the point"" receptionist that we couldnt check in until 2pm, also that we could leave our bags behind the counter (assuming then that reception is NEVER left alone?)  Finally - we were told that we ""had"" booked and could pay our bill in total on arrival, which we did. Now - we booked a room for four, as there were two men, one woman and a minor, so we were assuming a 4 single bed, bedroom or even a Double and 2 singles. NOT the case. One room with a twin, and one with a double.  So after we pay our ""bill"" we head to the…",Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or320-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"this hotel was a real disappointment, it was old and the bathroom taps were creacked and barely working. it was freezing in london and we were not given blankets just a quit cover and a sheet. there was no hot water and adter an eighteen flight trom Australian we were shocked. My husband caught the ful there as he was so cold. oh i forgot to mention there are phone in every room but they dont work, so if you get a phone call from overseas yu have to go running downstairs to answer it at the front desk. it was a horrible place   dont go there at all,",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or320-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad experience at the Whiteleaf!,"This hotel used to be associated with a hotel chain. My sisters and I had booked a room for three. When we arrived early afternoon, the room was so bad my sister said ""we are not staying in this room!"" While I went to check out other possible rooms in the hotel, she had a mouse run out from under a broken bed and go into a hole in the wall! I could not find another room in the hotel for the three of us. The room that had been pictured on the website as a room for three didn't have walking room around the double bed for two with a single one in addition. We literally would have had to crawl over one another. Because it was after 2 p.m. when we finally made the decision that we would have to find somewhere else they still charged us for one night!!!! I tried to get back into the…",Date of stay: April 2004,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or320-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",awfull awfull  the most filthy hotel of London,"We arrived at the hotel in the  late afternoon, as soon as we entered in the hotel lobby, we noticed  that it was smelling awfully.      I asked to see the room and my son and my self ,could not believe what we saw. The broken wall lamps were hanging without  any lampe shade, the blankets were full of  bigs big stains, the shower full of hair and much much more. We could not simply  overnight at that place.  We went out for 15 minutes to try to find another hotel and we found one nice and clean hotel 5 minutes walking from Whiteleaf for the same price. We came back  to Whiteleaf hotel and gave the message that we could not stay there because it was to filthy. The person at the reception answered that he was absolutely  not interested to listen to me since so many guests had the…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or325-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",below the standard,"compared to continental european level, this hotel is far below standard but could fit the average category in overpriced London: tiny filthy rooms with old worn-out coil matresses (ideally for getting backpain over night) and old dirty carpets. It's never cold, because the rooms are overheated. For single rooms there is only one shower and one toilet for the entire hotel. The shower is too small to move around and half broken. Mind the steps when you go to the breakfeast room, they are very steep behind the door and without knowing you might fall down the stairways.  Breakfeast: dirty, uncleaned tables. The only choice: cornflakes and milk. Toast is served by staff (friendly eastern european girls with only very broken english). Reception staff is friendly and helpful,…",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or325-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",definately good value,"This hotel is definately good value in a very good location in london!  I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and i would recommend to anyone, who is looking for good hotel rates in london.  The reception was clean and nice and staff were very friendly and helpful. The staff also told me that the hotel was under new management and more improvements were planned for all the rooms with more amenities - good news for all travellers like me!!!  My room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable, I also had a TV in my room and i was pleased with the overall room.  Breakfast menu was also good and the breakfast selection was to my taste.  I would stay at this hotel again.    Thank you to all the staff and management at Whiteleaf hotel who made my stay enjoyable and pleasant.",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or325-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"We stayed at the whiteleaf at the weekend and it was the worst hotel i have ever seen. We looked at 6 different rooms and they were all very dirty, there were holes everywhere, electrical cables were exposed, ceilings were boarded up above the bed - i could go on! The beds were so unfomfortable and we did not sleep for the noise in the ceiling (pipes os some kind). The breakfast was awful - a stale croissant and a piece of toast served in a dirty room. We had to pay when we arrived before seeing the rooms - do not do this!! Look at the rooms first - or just leave and find somewhere else. I would give it no stars if the option was there.",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or325-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but poorly maintained facilities.,"A good location but old and outdated furnishings. The bed was so poor that I never was able to sleep, springs stuck out everywhere. The bedroom was small and in much need of wall repairs and paint.  The bathroom was in terrible shape, the sink faucet was falling apart, the shower head only had one stream  of water flowing from it, the toilet seat was held in with only one bolt so it wasn't steady.     It would have only taken a few fixes to make the room at least appear usable but it was obvious that the management did not care about the guest's comfort.",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or325-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Surely  Not  Like  What  I  Read In  Other  Reviews,"I spent two nights at whiteleaf hotel london, friendly and helpfull staff   they have done new renovations i persume it was not as i was astonished by  the previous reviews. I recomend it, nice location and good budget hotel in the city of london.",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or330-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Filthy Hotel,"We booked the hotel through Booking.com.  Where do I start! I have never in my life experienced anything as bad as the Whiteleaf Hotel! When we arrived in the taxi it looked nothing like the pictures on the internet. However, it was 5:30, already getting dark and we figured we hadn't much chance of finding alternative accomodation. We entered the reception which was rough to say the least, gave the receptionist our reservation number and she asked for payment immediately (£260 for three nights - double room). This was our mistake, we should have viewed the room first. Our room was on the top floor, up a rediculously narrow staircase - dirty mouldy unpainted walls and smelly, disgusting carpet. We entered the room, dropped our bags and sat on the bed. It was then we realised what…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or330-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Laughably dreadful,"This hotel should be avoided at all cost, particuarly if you can't see the funny side. I stayed for two nights and the problems were endless. No room had no curtains, no television, no hairdryer, a hole in the wall where the extractor fan once was, the window didnt open, there was only one cup in the room which was bizarre because it was a double. The icing on the cake was breakfast........the 'continental' breakfast was a pile of cold croissants with a jug of 'help yourself'  milk. No juice and no tea only coffee. Followed by toast. Then came the smell of eggs which I presumed was eggs being cooked. I was wrong the ceiling started pouring filthy water from a cavity in the dining room next to the croissants. An ocurrence which I expect was daily judging by the response of the…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or330-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away........Well Away,"I stayed at the Whiteleaf for a week. I was desperate for cheap accomodation and as such didnt check any reviews or look around as much as i should have. Upon entering my room i was shocked at the standard. It was not much better than a janitors closet - Curtain ripped and falling off window, severely damaged sink, holes on wall, dodgy door lock and graffiti in the cupboard. I put up with it for a few days until i woke up covered from my feet to my neck in red bites and welts. I had noticed a few brown-reddish coloured bugs near the bed a day before but had assumed they were harmless and had come in through the window. A little research and i discovered they were bed bugs! Several bites on my feet and elbows got badly infected. I kicked up a huge stink and they offered to spray…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or330-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs,Walked in two nights ago looking for a room. Stayed in room 304.  Walked out the next day literally covered in the biggest bites ever. My back and arms are one big red welt. Do not stay here. The disgusting conditions of the room were nothing compared to the bed bugs. ,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or330-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",I got SCABIES because of this hotel!!!,"This is the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in.  The moment I came to this hotel, there was a woman standing outside complaining about this hotel and warning us about the hotel. She was telling us about how the service is bad, and that it was dirty. I wish we had listened to her... because I wouldnt  have stayed in this INSECT INFESTED HOTEL.  The door wouldn't lock properly, I honestly thought I was going to get murdered in this ghetto hotel. It was something out of a horror movie I swear. The showers were so DIRTY the shower curtain looked like it hasnt been washed or changed in years. There was no shampoo or soap provided to even wash the BUGS off from sleeping on the beds. No towels were provided. We had to ask from downstairs.. and the towels looked FILTHY when we…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or335-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Flea Infested Hotel DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"If anyone has any sense do not stay at this hotel, it is running alive with all sorts of bugs etc etc etc dirty dirty dirty and more dirty, it was my hen night and i was totally distraught, the staff may seem nice but just do not walk through the reception doors at all. I am scratching just writing this email. we booked rooms that we never got also, total waste of money of which i have now given the hotel 7 days to reply or i will be taking it further.......... ",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or335-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT WALK IN THE DOOR,We arrived in London to the Hyde Park Court Hotel on Norfolk Square on Sat 16th June 2007.  We paid for our room and then we were told we would be driven to our hotel.  We were then brought to the WHITELEAF HOTEL in Bayswater.  It looked basic enough but it was cheap and we were only staying for one night so we didn't mind.  We arrived back to the hotel around 2am and went to bed.  I first noticed a small bug on my pillow just as I was going to bed.  I'm not afraid of bugs so I told my 3 friends what I had just seen but didn't make a big deal about it.  We went to sleep but about 40mins later 2 of us woke up and we could feel insects on us.  When we switched on the light there were bugs (I now believe they were baby cockroaches) on every bed we had two singles and a double.  We…,Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or335-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"This is the worst experience in a hotel I have ever had. This place is actually unsafe and a health hazzard. How there is a fire safety cert for the Whiteleaf is beyond me. The stairs are narrow and steep and there are old beds and chairs thrown on the corridors. The carpets have not been cleaned in years obviously,  and the doors to the rooms are half the size of any normal door. When we arrived there were a pile of old furniture in the front garden. We discovered why at 3.30am when we awoke to being bitten by bed bugs. When we turned on the light we realised they were all over our beds as well as fleas. On of our group got bitten quite badly. We went downstairs and demanded to be moved to another hotel. The night porter was not interested in our demands and we ended up calling…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or335-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst hotel,"The photos online are not of this 'flea pit' there wasn't a singe peice of furniture or fixing in the room that wasn't damaged or broken. The smell was awfull! I stayed one night as it was too late to make other arrangements - BIG MISTAKE!  The lock on the door had been moved several times, the door and frame had been patched up so often that the lock was ineffective. Roudy behaviour on the landing outside the room made me fear for my safety (the phone didn't work). This prompted me to move the bed against the door - A good move as at 3 am someone tried to force their way in.  By the time i left early next morning I had been bitten by bed bugs, when i got home I was very cautious emtying my case ensuring that everything was shaken outside before going into a hot wash. Then even…",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or335-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Believe everything else you see written on this page.  I turned up on the day just looking for a cheap (for London) place to stay, and fair enough I got one.  But the room I  got had: * no toilet or shower (though I wasn't expecting one and it was only after I left that I saw their literature claimed there would be one in each room).  In fact the only shower I could use was on the next floor down, and the toilet was two floors down * A room that smelt of cigarette smoke * A sink that gushed brown water * A threadbare carpet * A broken bed * A kettle but no socket * No curtains  To show this review is balanced, the following are the good points: * There was a working TV in the room * I was able to sleep there (admittedly with all clothes on) And well... that's it for the good…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or340-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Holy Towel Batman!!,"Well, what can I say.....After seeing the internet photos (which were obviously from another hotel, or very creatively photoshopped), and getting excited about exploring London, after facing the terrible reality of the Whiteleaf I seriously considered going home.  We were led to our room, as we were not allowed keys, to find a room which was covered with a smokey haze. We were advised on the website that it was a non smoking hotel, but after arrival we were convinced that not only was the hotel smoking friendly, but that we were placed on the smoking floor!  After a shower (in which we scalded ourselves as the taps were backwards) we attepted to dry ourselves with the most torn/ripped/dirty/smelly towels I have ever seen. They even ripped more as we attempted to hang them,…",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or340-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",got off lightly,"we booked the whiteleaf before reading the reviews, being of a kind and genorous nature I decided not to cancel but to give it a go - we could always leave if it was dreadful. We had booked an apartment and were not staying at the hotel itself. When I rang, pointing out their terrible reviews I was reassured that these were exaggerations and things were now good - the place was clean and certainly had no bugs or cockroaches.The apartment was a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Initially it looked OK - big (huge) rooms, 2 bedrooms and a living and dining area plus a kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, oven and toaster. Nice furnishing - all Ikea, TV worked and carpet clearly fairly newish BUT it had not been hoovered - no problem I thought there was a vacuum there but no bags - no…",Date of stay: April 2007,2.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or340-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting place,"Lots of things wrong with this hotel. We had booked a double room, but ended up in a twin. No TV, shower controls back to front, sockets hanging off the wall with bare wires showing. Filthy curtains, shower and toilet. When we complained they said they had no other rooms available and would move us the following day, but when the cockroache appeared, they moved us immediately to another room. This turned out to be as lethal with bare wires etc and also near reception which was very noisy all night with staff talking and shouting. The next morning we left and booked into another hotel, even though we had booked and paid for 2 nights. We could not stand that filth for a second longer. ",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or340-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Filthy place!! Dirt, cockroaches, beware!! ","Never again, Beware of this place!.  We did a trip in london and stood for a few days in the whiteleaf hotel.  first when we came it smelled old and dirty and unclean.The stuff was friendly so far, i guess because they know about all the stuff im going to tell, and there try to make the best of it.  we took a look on the rooms after we payed.on the staircase was a used tissue and on the day before we left it was till there and i guess it wasnt another one- so nobody takes care of it.  the rooms looked ok on the first view, in the bathroom was a big dead roach under the bathroomlamp (picure will follow) who died because she could not get out of there.  we heard a roommate cleaning up the rooms next to ours and heard spray something right before the door of the so called cleaned…",Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or340-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Vile,"I would advise anyone to avoid the Whiteleaf hotel. We had to ask for our sheets to be changed as they were dirty, the eiderdown was stained, the carpet hadn't been vacuumed for a very long time, the sink in the shower room hadn't even been wiped, the shower did not  have a temperature limiter i.e. it was very easy to have the water far too hot, there was bare wiring above the shower cubicle and a huge hole where the toilet wastepipe went into the wall. At £55 for a double room in the 'low season' I would have at least expected cleanliness. Avoid this place.  ",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or345-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel - do NOT stay there!,"The Whiteleaf hotel is filthy, poor quality and no where near a 2 star hotel! The manager didn't recognize our travel voucher for our prepaid booking and tried to extort more money out of us! He tried to move the 3 of us to a 2 single bed room! The housekeeping is disgusting, the restaurant is disgusting - they even screwed up the continental breakfast! The juices were so watered down that you couldn't tell the difference between the orange juice and grapefruit juice! There are many better hotels within a 2 block radius for the same price. Save yourself a lot of grief and dissappointment - book someplace else. There is a reason why it is rated so low out of 900 or so hotels in London! The carpets were dirty and torn, the mattresses were worn and damaged. The sheets had coffee…",Date of stay: June 2005,1.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or345-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Experience Of My Life!!!!,"My stay at this hotel was not only the low point of my trip but of my entire life in general. This is the most ghastly, miserable hotel on the face of this planet, I can’t understand why and how they are still in business. Although it has an ideal location and a pleasant exterior, the entire mood changes once inside and in the company of the staff. The check-in clerks, who change every few hours, are rude and unapproachable; they are extremely hesitant to provide their customers with any type of hospitality.  Even though I had booked a room one month in advance, they did not recognize my name or reservation at the front desk. Upon presenting my e-mail confirmation receipt, they offered to put me in another room for the same price. For some mysterious reason, I was not allowed to…",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or345-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel,"I don´t have words about this hotel, the beds, bathroom and the carpet was very old, bad and dirty.  The window was broken, there was things from the other people before. All is dirty and the service is horrible. Please don´t go, if you want a good holidays...It´s an advice...  ",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or345-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",A flea-pit nightmare.,"I went to this hotel with my 5 yr old daughter for 3 nights.  We left after 1 night and went home-our holiday completely ruined.  The carpet was full of not just stains, but mess that looked like sick that hadn't been cleaned up.  There were BLOODSTAINS all over the bedclothes!!  Other stains on bedclothes, too.  TV didn't work, when I asked them about it, they told me they had no signal cos of the London underground!  The bathroom was rancid, absolutey tiny.  The toilet seat was peeling and the foam inside the seat was on show, the seat also falling off.  Sink was dirty.  No plug.  Beds like sleeping on the floor-and no cleaner.  Blood spatters and black finger marks on the walls.  The nets were BLACK, and holey.  Curtains wouldn't close!  They were hanging off the rail, too. …",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or345-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Place,"This has got to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room we checked into had a piece of wood holding the door knob in place. Carpets were dirty and obviously never changed. Walls had dents and marks everywhere. The room had a TV stand with no TV (probably stolen). An extra pillow and blanket was found just dropped on the floor unfolded inside a rundown closet. The pillow had blood/brown stains with bullet size holes. The bathroom light turns on with a constant loud motor sound. Chocolate bar wrapper was found after moving the bed 1 inch from the wall. However, the hotel manager is a very nice gentlemen. This is definitely one of those hotels where the owner does not care to spend any money to repair or rennovate. I would avoid this place!! The only good thing about it…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or350-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",A big black stain in my holiday memory,"First of all the location is excellent. 3 mins to Bayswater tube.  Hotel staff are rude and extremely un-helpful. Its all on the receptionist/manager's face, see it as soon as i check in. Not to mention when i asked for hair dryer and blanket. The room is an absolute nightmare. I don't even get to have the room key for unknown reason so i have to ask a staff to open the door for me everytime i come back. Outside the window its a smelling backyard full of junk. Room size is okay but all furiture are old and worn-out. 2 mugs are put on a stained grey towel on the desk, lying next to them are a few tea bags, looking like they have been there for ages.  Wall is all covered by dust. Carpet is very dirty. Under a broken bed sheet is an old old matress which is extremely soft. No quilt…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or350-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel!,"I stayed in the Whiteleaf hotel for about a week and it was a very good experience. Me and my friend had a very nice time. From the moment we stepped in the hotel, we got a warm welcome by the Portuguese manager of the hotel. The rooms were well mentained and that for only 240 euro's (6days) we got a toilet and bathroom in the room and breakfast was included. Also the hotel is very near to Picadilly Circus. Where else can u find such a cheap and decent hotel and that too in the middle of the centre of London!? Well we coudn't. Also it was a breakfastbuffet which we got, we could ask as many times for toasts and juice as we wanted. The staff of this hotel were very very friendly. We will surely visit this hotel again!  Rana and Naginawalla ",Date of stay: September 2006,5.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or350-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Rating depends on room,"We booked three rooms at the hotel and they were all very different.  The first room was small, had no TV, no kettle or tea making facilities and the door frame was broken so with a little effort anyone could get into the room.  The second room was ok, it had tv (no remote) and tea facilites and was bigger than the rest but the curtains hanging off the rail.  The third room had a tv, kettle (but no cups etc).  All rooms were pretty basic and were a little shabby.  If they'd made a few improvements all the rooms would have been a lot more pleasant.  The funny thing was they said that they were in the process of changing all the locks on the rooms to credit card type ones but they only had one key so everytime you wanted to get into your room you had to wait for someone from…",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or350-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",terrible!,"Stayed here recently with a group of friends for a weekend in London. It really was an awful hotel!   My friends room had a door that was broken and the door would not lock. We were told this would be fixed shortly but by the time we checked out the next day it had still not been fixed. In our room we found the curtains half falling off the curtain rail, a kettle but no cups (despite asking several times!), a tv stuck on volume 63, and the thinnest most pathetic pillows ever!  The whole hotel smelt of the indian buffet which they had in the basement! They had no keys for the rooms, and everytime we wanted to get into our room we had to wait for the man on reception to become available so he could take us up there and let us in with the master key!   Everytime we tried to get…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or350-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",What a dreadful experience!,"What a dreadful experience.  With notes warning that luggage may not be safe in the rooms my initial concerns wre just the tip of the iceberg. Things went downhill from there. Asked to pay cash rather than credit card.  No towels in room, although asked for on many occasions. Finally offered a wet towel! No remote for the television. Onsuite shower room not clean. Lightbulbs missing.  Quite honestly one of the worst hotels I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or355-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",terrible,To put it short: this must be the worst hotel I have ever been. All the bad reviews are literally true. ,Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or355-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",horroble,"Our travel agency recommended this hotel, I am never trusting them again.  The hotel was absolutely horroble. We did not leave our luggage in the room: the risc of robbery was to high, so we carried our luggage everywhere in London. The bed was plain dirty, I slept on the cheets in my clothes so as not to touch anything. There were dirty cups of coffee on the bedside table, and everything was covered under a thick layer of dust. The carpet was not vacumed, crums of wathever it was, where all over the place. Don't even get me started on the bathroom. It smelled like crap. I did not even use the 'shower'. Seriously, you better pay a bit more and stay in a better hotel, because this thing is not worth a cent. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or355-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",bad bad bad,"dont let anything valuable in your room or you may get robbed cause the housekeeper likes digital camera, laptop or things like that. Also, this hotel is really horrible, it is not clean and it's really small. Don't go there, it's too expensive for what you will have.  ",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or355-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",BAD BAD Whiteleaf hotel,"We stayed at Whiteleaf on 22.Apr.2006 for 2 nights. Before we booked it, we did inspect a room which looked decent but when we checked in 2 weeks later (after coming back from Europe tour), we were given a room that looked horribly different from what we inspected.   After making noise to the reception, we were changed to another room that looked much better (we thought initially). Later we found that the window cannot be shut fully, leaving cold air sipping in at night. Hot water in shower is either too hot or too cold, and not mentioning the poor workmanship of bathroom & room renovation.....  Bed quality is so poor that when you sleep on it, you feel the spring inside it ! Worst still, our room was not made up the next day. When we reported to reception, she offered to do our…",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or355-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Love The Coachraches,"They had coachraches into the beds...!!! Don´t go to this hotel. Find another better and cheaper in the next block or in Leincester Gardens. And the guys from the reception seem to be pride of this great facilities, perhaps in their country this kind of rooms are five stars rated!!!! ",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or360-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","cheap , very nice hotel , great staff","good points: 1. cheap (in comparison to otehr london hotels) ,  2. very nice , comfortable room (G01) 3. tv , heater , fan , nice shower, nice (heated!) toilet ,  4. very nie , helpful staff 5. great location  overall : you get what you pay for. very nice hotel , comfortable and great location.  bad points: 1. no safety deposit boxes\safe\lockers , to put passport and flight tickets.  2. no safe room for luggage after check-out , i had to talk the manager into letting me put my luggage behind his counter.  3. no bars on room window ",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or360-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, but....","My friend and I stayed at this hotel in the city of Westminster for 8 days and 7 nights in May. The location of the hotle is great. Located within 2 minutes of the Bayswater Station it is easy to catch the cercle line train to many of Londons attractions. The hotel staff were very friendly, with a few exceptions. Our room, located on the ground floor was very noisy in the morning. Ofter mistaken for the breakfast room, we were awoken every morning to the very loud foot steps of hungry travelers. Not one time in that hotel did I enjoy a hot shower. I guess that they are just unheard of. Also, the electronic keycard used to access our room never worked. We had to ask to be let into our room everytime. Our cealing in our room had water damage on it and was repaired with black…",Date of stay: May 2005,2.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or360-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Cockroach- Hotel,"I'm from Belgium, but when we arrived I spoke better English than the person on the reception. When we entered our room it looked normal at first sight untill we looked at the bathroom. The bathroom- walls were filthy ( full of fungus ). The bedsprings came trough the matrass, so forget about a good night sleep ! Whe moved the bed and cockroaches came out !!!!! So we went back to the manager, who gave us another room, that definitely had no bugs in it ( according to the manager). we stayed one night ( didn't had a good rest 'cause the bed was broken). For breakfast you get 3 slices toast with jam, really bad coffee or juice that tastes like water. That was the drop & we left. If you want to experience the worst hotel in London, than the whiteleaf is your thing. ",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or360-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","The Whiteleaf...bad hotel, good price.","The only way I would ever stay at the Whiteleaf hotel again is if I got just as fantastic a price as this go round. I hired the services of a consolidator and ended up paying approx $75.00 (Canadian dollars) per night for my wife and I. Believe me in London that's a steal. However it comes at a cost.   The rooms are ridiculously small. The bathrooms are even more cramped. Barely enough room to sit on the loo. The room seemed dirty, likely due at least in part to the staff not having enough space to even bring the vacuum cleaner into the room. The television gets aweful reception on the two to three channels it receives.  The beds were thin, sagging in the middle and the linens seemed less than clean. We were on the first floor (second floor for North Americans). Our windows…",Date of stay: May 2004,2.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or360-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Cockroaches, dirty, not worth the 3 star rating","This was absolutely a horrible hotel. Here is the list of things we had during our stay:  - hole in window of room, closed with cardboard (!) - anybody could break in to the door with 1 glass - the whole room was draughty - breakfast consists of dry toasted bread and a ""baken"" (it was obviously raw) egg with nothing on it.  - there was no lock in our bathroomdoor - little light in the bathroom - the bed itself was very hard - we used a cup for tea, next day the cup was still there and so were the used sheets - last but not least: There were Cockroaches in the room. And no anti-cockroaches sprays in house.  We cannot understand that this hotel is given a rate of 3 stars? Ridiculous. Never going to stay there again.",None,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or365-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, old, small BUT expensive!","First piece of advice: if you have a choice where you can go vacationing...don't stay in London!  All you get is awful hotels that rip you off.  Second piece of advice: if you have to stay in London, don't stay at the Whiteleaf!  Although I got what I thought was a good deal from AAA, I was very disappointed with the hotel.  The room was extremely SMALL--we barely had room for the bags on the floor.  The TV got only 2 channels.  The bathroom was just large enough for a Japanese midget.  There was no soap or shampoo.  The free breakfast consisted of a cup of tea and toasted white bread--the kind that has the texture of paper.  I doubt they spent more than 1 pound on it.  The staff did very little to help us with anything--no carrying the bags up the six flights of stairs…",None,1.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or365-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Disapointing,"I was supposed to stay there for 2 weeks but left earlier  because it was dirty, there were little cockroaches in  the bathroom, the bed sheets haven´t been changed for 1 week and my back and arms were itchy and  was afraid it was because of the towels or even the dirty  sheets. The reception was usually left alone and  the hosts were noisy and I simply could not sleep. When I arrived they gave me an awful room number 101 which had a fire exit inside, leading to a staircase to a backyard (anyone could climb that staircase and enter the room), no TV, a disgusting lumpy matress and the water of the  shower was boiling hot!! I had to complain and threat to ask for a refund and only after that they gave me another room. I would not stay there again and would not recommed to anyone. ",None,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192091-Reviews-or365-Whiteleaf_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Whiteleaf Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and well located,"A place to lay your head. Quiet, clean, small, and very inexpensive. A couple of blocks from NE corner of Hyde Park. Short block from Bayswater tube stop. Plenty of restaurants, shops, grocers, internet cafes nearby. We took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station then a 5 min. trip on the tube to Bayswater. We didn't visit London to stay in our hotel room, so it worked out great for us. Would stay at Whiteleaf again.",None,4.0
