,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Comodo per i mezzi...perfetto per i giovani,"Economico,la pulizia non eccelle,ma x chi è di passaggio a Londra è comodissimo x raggiungere qualsiasi posto. Metro Victoria e Bayswater a circa 250 metri,e Bayswater street fantastica,ricca di locali e negozi di ogni genere.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",No creí tener pesadillas en Londres,"Horrible todo, especialmente sucio TODO el hotel, hay MOHO por todos lados, en paredes, camas baños, regaderas, pisos, camas; los colchones están manchados, las duchas sólo se cierran x cortina, el seguro de las puertas no sirven tanto de baños como de habitaciones, el desayuno es pan, pan, pan, y más pan de caja y si tienen suerte hay algo de café. Sólo dan una manta, siempre pasarán FRÍO y al bañarse igual ya que no hay agua caliente; su ropa se mojará xk no hay dónde poner las cosas en el baño, ni un sólo ápice. Los dueños son extranjeros, no entienden mucho lo que uno dice, son árabes y cobran precios excesivos x todo; me arrepiento MUCHO de haber elegido éste hotel.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Une chouette auberge,"Je suis allee dans cet auberge 4jours. C'est tres basique, dortoirs simples mais confortable. L'auberge est surtout tres bien situee, pres du centre, du parc et du metro. Les gens travaillant a l'accueil sont tres sympas, et tjs disponibles. Par contre pour le petit dejeuner je conseille vivement de ne pas rester a l'auberge et de sortir afin de profiter d'un vrai english breakfast",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Очень бюджетный хостел для неприхотливых путешественников,"Останавливались в этом хостеле с друзьями. Очень маленькие комнаты, абсолютно аскетичный интерьер, отсутствие лифта и очень узкие лестницы делают некомфортным подъем багажа. С другой стороны за такую цену алтернативных вариантов остановиться рядом с Hyde Park просто нет.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Poor experience,I thought the room was quite ok but the bathrooms were not clean and lack of facilities such as bath mat or even soap. I couldn't even hire a towel or access a towel because they had none!!! very average experience. wont be back,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Horrible despertar,"La cosa parecia ir bien, pero a las 8.00 empezaron a hacer obra con muchisimo ruido en la puerta de la habitación. Cuando quisimos ducharnos por la mañana no había agua caliente y las toallas hay que pagarlas a 5€",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Perfect location and comfortable rooms,"I went to London with some friends and we stayed at this hostel. The rooms were ok and the beds were quite comfortable.  Breakfast was good and we were happy with the attention we received. The location is amazing, right by Hyde Park, and there are metro stops close to the B&B. I would probably repeat here!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Malo,"La habitacion era muy pequeña y sin ventanas, la atencion no muy buena y lo unico positivo es la ubicacion y que el desayuno era pasable pero siempre el mismo y bastante pobre. Los baños eran a compartir por toda la planta no habia intimidad ni espacio",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Dirty, Dirty, Dirty","Not a pleasant stay at all. Not much positive about the place besides the fact it provided a bed for the night. Try to find somewhere else in London. Dirty place, no service at all, location is alright near two tube stations and Hyde Park but even that doesn't make up for a pretty horrible hostel...",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Pareil à éviter ,Encore un truc qui ce vend sur quelques photos.  En vrai y'a des squatter devant avec des canettes de bière à la main... Limite tu dérange pour entrer..  De l'eau au sol dans les couloirs....  Tu peux aussi croisé dans le regard des nanas en bagpack qu'elle ne sont pas rassuré d'être la...  Cela n'empêche pas de belle rencontres....  Mais vraiment à éviter !,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",מזעזע,"מקום נורא ואיום , שומר נפשו יירחק. היינו שם במסע עם חברים ונחרדנו לגלות פטריות על הקירות במקלחת המשותפת, אין ווילונות או ווים לשים את הבגדים עליהם. אין אינטרנט בלי לשלם הון תועפות והממצעים היו מטונפים!!! שומר נפשו יירחק!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",no tan BBB,"Segun titulo explico que si es barato esa es una B, esta bien ubicado por eso es bueno otra B, pero es sucio, nos encontramos con una rata en la habitacion en el piso de abajo donde estaban todas las camas cuchetas.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Nice to have a cup of tea,"This place is nice on a budget, been modernised throughout. Cooking facilities in the room are handy so you can still eat without dropping a fortune on restraints. 5 min walk to sainsburys and 10min to Tescos.  Close to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, making it a great spot for a base to sightsee.  If you end up in the basement room there is no phone reception. Second stay we were on the top floor which is much nicer.  Bed was under average, too short  Shower depended on the rest of the hotel not showering at the same time, but worked  Doors were thin, could hear everything in the hallway  Staff were great, most friendly people willing to help wherever the could.   Overall I enjoyed staying here.   ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Okay, best part is its cheap","I stayed March 2015, honestly their professional pictures are a bit misleading. Breakfast is just bread and instant coffee, we had a cockroach who hung around which was okay. Expect cold showers and people who live there who hate tourists. Other than that its cheap with a good location and a bed.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Péssima escolha, não indico a ninguem!!!","Foi um dos piores hostels que tive a experiência de conhecer na europa. Morava na Espanha e estava começando a viajar nessa época e ainda não sabia que existiam otimos hostels por la. Escolhemos esse pelo preço, mas aprendemos que não vale quase nunca escolher o mais barato. Roubaram maquiagens minhas no quarto, provavelmente alguém que trabalha lá, já que o quarto todo estava ocupado por amigas minhas. O café da manhã erá pessimo. A cozinha suja. Fomos destratadas na recepção e super mal atendidas. Não havia lockers nos quartos, o banheiro era compartilhado, péssimo e as vezes faltava agua quente. E pra completar, os frequentadores do hostels não pareciam muito confiaveis. Muita gente ""esqusita"" e suspeita. Muito ruim mesmo, comparando com todos que pude conhecer depois. ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",It's ok for the price!,"I stayed at this hostel in January, for 3 nights, and it was good enough for sleeping. The hostel is located in a beautiful road, near Hyde Park, very close to the tube and to center London. The people at the reception were always very nice and they made us feel welcomed! The only thing I didn't like much was the size of the bedrooms (I stayed in a 4 bed private dorm) and the breakfast (you get milk, tea, toast, jam, cereal. If you're a vegan you're left with tea and toast which isn't the best for a day discovering the city). Overall, the price/quality relation is ok and you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Il ne manquait plus que les rats et les cafards...,"Affreux, dégoûtant, malsain, sale bref il n'y aurait pas assez de place pour décrire cet "" établissement "".  L'accueil était comment dire... Vraiment pas bien du tout... Le personnel était à baffer ! Insupportable ils nous ont prit pour des chiens.  Nous sommes venu en groupe, ils n'ont pas été capable de nous donner des cartes électronique pour rentrer dans l'établissement a tout les membres du groupe, du coup on a du s'engueuler avec la fille qui tenait l'accueil, qui nous a prit pour des abrutis donc on s'en ai pas gêner non plus.  Impossible de dormir la nuit avec les mur épais comme des feuilles a cigarette, on entendais les voisin péter, roter, rigoler crier etc...  Cet établissement devrait être fermé tout simplement... JE DÉCONSEILLE CET ÉTABLISSEMENT  POURRIS !",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Lo peor,"He estado en bastantes hostels ya que intento viajar a lo low cost siempre que puedo, así que puedo afirmar que es el peor hostel al que he ido nunca. El personal (que es súper escaso) de lo más antipático. Las habitaciones muy sucias y el albergue entero huele fatal, no ventilan. Los baños asquerosos no los limpian nunca. Lo único positivo es que es el albergue más barato por lo céntrico que esta. Pero recomiendo pagar algo mas y un poco más lejos.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",lamentable,"118 euros de payés pour la réservation... du 18/06 au 21/06... la réservation a été encaissée, et lorsque nous sommes arrivés, l’hôtel était fermé... 9 étudiants et 2 guides... bien sur la centrale de réservation impossible à joindre par téléphone (Hostel Bookers). 11 personnes à la rue ... Malgrès les réclamations par email, rien ne bouge... Et il a fallu se loger en catastrophe à des prix explosant le budget du groupe... A déconseiller  fortement !!!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Horrible,"No lo recomiendo por nada del mundo. Por muy barato que sea no merece la pena en absoluto. Estuve el mes pasado con una amiga y de verdad que horrible. Estuvimos compartiendo habitación con 15 personas.La mayoría eran vagabundos que vivían allí así que supongo que os podéis imaginar las condiciones en las que estaba la habitación. Para empezar olía fatal ya que no hay apenas ventilacion,los edredones y las almohadas sin funda,los suelos y las camas muy sucios. Tampoco había enchufes individuales,solo un alargador al lado de la puerta.Y cómo es normal no íbamos a dejar el móvil ahí cargando por las noches por lo que me pase los tres días en londres apenas sin batería en el móvil. Por otro lado los baños eran también horribles.Son muy pequeños y no tienes hueco ni para colgar la…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cheep and cheerful,"You get what you pay for. Staff are friendly and very helpful. We didnt have a booking initially bit the receptionist was very helpful and found us a room for the night. Beds are comfortable enough and its safe. Granted, felt a little intimidated by the groups of people drinking in the street and near the door way. Just be very careful when coming in and out in the later hours. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Nauseating,"HORRIBLE. It is really the most disgusting hostel I have never been! The bedrooms were dirty, the bed sheets dirty as well, I did not have breakfast because it was too nasty to drink and eat in the dishes that were provided. Moreover, the staff was more disagreeable than the cockroach that was in the shower with me. OMG, I was looking forward to get out from there. If you are no really desperate, seriously, do not go there.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Non ci andate!,"Lenzuola sporche, finestre rotte, bagni inavvicinabili e una puzza degna di una fogna. Veramente indecente, per non dire di peggio! Girate alla larga, perché non ne varrebbe la pena neanche se costasse 10 cent per notte!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cheap but not chic,"Me and my friend choose this hostel because of its price. We didn't expect much and little was to be expected. The building is old, everything is old, so even though they clean it, it's always conserved that look.  We where in a 10 only girls room, we had very little space and no curtains on the beds (we've seen the 18 beds room had curtains). So little privacy. The showers were ok, lockable and hot.  The kitchen was a disappointment, with little not so clean space for cooking and not so many dishes/forks/knifes (we needed t ask at the reception for more). The breakfast room was also used as a common space with television, but it was not comfortable at all. Breakfast was included but it wasn't that good (only bread, margarine, bad marmelade, bad coffee, bad juice, tea, cereals…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Slechte hostel op een ideale locatie,"De kamer was erg gehorig, de stapelbedden kraakten en piepten (en waren helaas niet hoog genoeg om fatsoenlijk op het onderste bed te kunnen zitten) en verder was er eigenlijk niets in de kamer. Geen stoel, geen haakjes - nergens een plek om je spullen fatsoenlijk op te hangen of weg te leggen (ook geen locker of iets dergelijks op de kamer). De douches waren niet erg schoon (en ik moest lang zoeken naar de douche voor de dames - bordjes hangen er namelijk niet), er hing geen spiegel of wastafel in de doucheruimtes en ook in de toiletruimtes ernaast had ook maar de helft een wastafeltje. Alles ziet er oud en vervallen uit, zo ook het trappenhuis waarvan de leuningen bij elkaar worden gehouden door tape en tie-ripn (en sommige delen van de leuning misten zelfs helemaal) - niet…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,Myself and 2 friends were let down by another hostel which took our booking but the hostrl was in the process of being rebuilt and we needed somewhere to stay urgently.  The staff were helpful even when we turned up on the spot with no reservation. The lady at the desk explained to us that as one of our party was under 18  we would have to pay for a 4 bed dorm this was okay with us as it meant we had the room to ourselves. We weren't expecting much for tge price but were surprised when we got to the room it was basic but spotlessly clean the beds were extremely comfortable and was quiet. The dining room was adequate with a tv and drinks making facilities not very comfortable whilst watching tv but the atmosphere was friendly. Toilets were gleaming.  Now for the bad stuff and…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst hostel I've ever been to!,"Pior hotel em que já me hospedei na vida! Fiquei em um quarto feminino, mas haviam 3 homens dormindo lá, sem contar que dois deles estavam dormindo sem a roupa de cama que o hostel oferece, ou seja, entraram no quarto feminino e dormiram por lá sem pagar, a estrutura é caótica, o lugar é sujo, tudo é repugnante, nem tive vontade de tomar o café da manhã, saí correndo! Tomadas pra quê? Como se todo mundo não precisasse recarregar o celular ou a câmera! Os colchões das camas são nojentas, fiquei com medo de dormir. Avisei o ocorrido à recepção sobre homens no quarto e não deram a mínima! Não indico esse lugar nem pro meu pior inimigo.  Worst hostel I've ever been to! Staff is unfriendly, rooms are poorly equipped and in a very bad state. Bathrooms are disgusting and in need of…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",É ok,"Hostel com localização ok, pude ir até o centro de Londre caminhando, mais ou menos uma hora. Perto do parque e muito próximo ao metro. O hostel é bem limpo, poré o staff é nada simpático. A estrutura do hostel é estranha e meu quarto tinha triliche.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",En colo!,"Nous sommes partis en séjour avec des jeunes à Londres et ne connaissant pas du tout la ville, je jette un œil sur trip advisor. Nous sommes donc arrivés sur place en nous attendant au pire et finalement c'était pas si mal. J'avoue que l'accueil n'a pas été des plus chaleureux... Mais au final les chambres sont petites et pas équipées mais pour dormir ça suffit largement. C'est sûr que c'est pas l'hôtel dans lequel on va flâner... C'est une auberge de jeunesse où se côtoient beaucoup de nationalités et beaucoup de groupes (beaucoup beaucoup!). À ce que j'ai pu observer le ménage est fait très régulièrement mais l'endroit paraît pas propre car assez vieux et abimé. La cuisine est fonctionnelle et nos jeunes ont même choisi de rentrer certains midi faire à manger et l'accueil nous…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Atroce,"Cette auberge est vraiment à éviter. Elle est certes très bien placée mais elle est sale, mal fréquentée et son personnel n'est vraiment pas agréable pour un sou. La propreté laisse vraiment à désirer... de plus, il n'y a pas de vrai coin lavabo - douche. Nous avons été contraint pendant 4 jours à nous brosser les dents aux toilettes car les douches n'ont aucun lavabo et que les seuls lavabos trouvables de l'étage étaient situés dans les toilettes, d'une propreté plus que douteuse! Il est écrit dans la description de l'auberge qu'elle n'accepte que les voyageurs de 18 à 35 ans ce qui est totalement faux, la moyenne d'âge des résidents était plutôt 50 ans et la plupart réside là à l'année et ont des comportements plus qu'étranges.  Bref ne vous laissez pas avoir par les 2 ou 3…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Bon rapport qualité prix,"En arrivant sur place nous avons vraiment peur (commentaires sur TripAdvisor d'autres clients et finalement nous avons été très surpris. L'auberge reste simple, c'est normal vu le prix. Nous avions les lits en dortoir, les lits et les draps sont propres ! Toilettes et douches aussi (à moins de passer derrière quelqu'un d'irrespectueux)  Nous avons eu eau chaude et il faisait chaud dans la chambre. Cela reste très correcte pour une auberge.  Des gens de plus de 40 ans sont également client de l’hôtel (pas dérangeant juste étonnant)  Le petit déjeuner est à améliorer: petit déj simple banal (international)  Nous sommes donc restés 3 nuits (long week end) L'auberge est très bien située 2 stations de métro sont à côté bayswater et queensway, queensway est aussi une station de bus…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Ok  for what we payed,"We stayed 2 days there from November 11 to November 13 . Its an average hostel but it's the best you can get in London for its price . You can have a breakfast (nothing fancy, cereal,mink,bread, marmalade) . We had nothing stolen , everyone was very helpful , the bed was clean but nothing more and you could have them clean the wrest room on demand.We had to brink our own clean seats and pillow cases.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Endroit à éviter,"L'auberge est très bien située, c'est son seul avantage. Quant au reste, tout est à revoir. L'endroit n'est pas entretenu, bruyant, sale, délabré. Les toilettes sont insuffisantes et souvent bouchées... pas de toilettes et encore moins de douches dans les chambres. Le linge est très limite. Les draps sont changés mais les housses de couettes sont sales, tachées. La literie est déplorable, les lits grincent. Les fenêtres ne ferment pas, mais pas du tout (on peut rentrer de l'extérieur !) Le petit déjeuner est tout ce qu'il y a de plus simple, pas de café, uniquement du nescafé, pas de beurre mais de la margarine.... et pas de place non plus dans le réfectoire (en sous sol : charmant !), petit déjeuner pris debout... Vraiment un endroit à éviter.... c'est pas cher mais c'est…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Unfreundlich und schmutzig,"Solch ein unfreundliches, nicht hilfsbereites und teilweise sogar respektloses Personal habe ich noch nicht erlebt.  Dazu gibt´s auch noch Kakerlaken und Dreck, das kann nicht mal die gute Lage ausgleichen.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",La scarsa pulizia regna sovrana...,"Ragazzi, sono appena tornato da questo ostello dove ho pernottato per 3 notti. Che dire, di buono ha la posizione, a due passi dalle metro di Queensway e Bayswater ed il prezzo che rapportato ai costi di Londra e' medio/basso. Tutto il resto...Horrible...La scarsa pulizia e' il fiore all'occhiello di questa struttura, pavimenti sporchi, polvere, muffa, danno un solo lenzuolo all'arrivo e federa per il cuscino (FORSE pulito), senza copriletto, mentre sul letto si trovano cuscino e piumone multiutunte,nel senso che non ho visto mai cambiarli! personalmente abbiamo preferito dormire con 2 lenzuola in un solo letto (ovviamente letti poco comodi/sfondati). Pochi  bagni e doccie, pulite raramente, la cucina e' dotata di tazze e ciotole (nutro sempre forti dubbi sulla pulizia anche…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Leider keine gute Übernachtungsmöglichkeit,"Los ging es damit, dass man die Rechnung vor Ort NICHT mit Kreditkarte bezahlen konnte. Darüber hinaus zahlt man für alles andere drauf: WLAN, Luggage room, ...!  Alles macht einen sehr notdürftigen Eindruck und bis auf einen netten Security-guy waren alle anderen Mitarbeiter unfreundlich und wenig hilfsbereit.  Das Frühstück wurde in Plastiktellern und Becher serviert und fand in einem Speisesaal statt, der sehr stark an ein Asylantenheim erinnerte. wenig gemütlich!  Auch die restlichen Bewohner sind höchst merkwürdig und entsprechen nicht den üblichen Menschen, die man in einem Hostel erwarten würde.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Surrealista,"Creía que los comentarios eran exagerados...en absoluto. Dos amigas y yo íbamos a compartir habitación durante cuatro días, solo aguantamos una noche. Parecía que vivíamos en una casa de acogida de vagabundos. Los demás huéspedes de la habitación llevaban viviendo allí meses, el lugar apestaba, los colchones estaban manchados, no nos dieron ni una funda para el edredón ni para la almohada, no hay cortinas en las ventanas, no hay enchufes individuales sino alargadores. Los baños de enfrente de nuestra habitación no tenían ni lavamanos ni espejo, nos lavamos los dientes en la ducha (que es un mero agujero en el suelo). La limpieza brilla por su ausencia y las recepcionistas muy borde. Cancelamos dos noches y preferimos perder el dinero de la tercera con tal de no tener que volver…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Attention...,"L'auberge est idéalement placée mais certains éléments sont moins attrayants.  Les douches sont froides, la propreté est superficielle dans les sanitaires et la cuisine.  La taille des chambres est très variable... Les lit ne sont pas très propre mais les draps sont fournis.  Les femmes de ménage ont accès aux chambres et n'hésitent pas a venir passer l'aspirateur pendant que vous dormez ou quand vous revenez peu habillé de la douche...  Attention au bruit, si vous faites trop de bruit, le gardien n'hésitera pas a vous demander 50£ pour ne pas vous mettre dehors (il se les met dans la poche : pas de reçu ni rien et en liquide...)",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",C'è di peggio!,È un ostello e non si può pretendere di avere standard elevati ad un prezzo così basso. Da portare il proprio sacco a pelo e evitare la cucina. Bagni accettabili. Comodissimo come posizione e in zona ci sono molte comodità e locali.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Muy dejado, mala atención","Estuve con unas amigas en enero del año pasado, lo contratamos por su ubicación que es bastante buena y por el precio, pero es bastante mala la relación precio/calidad. El edificio es viejo y muy dejado, te cobran por todo, wifi, uso de la cocina, etc. Los baños a veces muy sucios y sin papel, las camas incómodas, el desayuno ok pero básico.. lo peor la mala onda del personal!",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Zéro !,"Par erreur j'ai réservé dans cette auberge au lieu de celle d'à côté dont j'avais un bon souvenir ! J'ai bien regretté. Bâtiment à la limite de l'insalubrité. Douche commune très mal séparée, AUCUN lieu confortable où se rassembler, ce qui pour moi est le pire défaut d'une auberge. Zéro convivialité. Zéro conseil touristique (prospectus inexistant) pas de carte rien. Wifi payant, consigne payante... Et par dessus tout un accueil détestable par du personnel mal aimable au possible.  Quand on leur à demandé des conseils pour un restaurant sympa dans le coin ils nous ont indiqué le pizza hut au bout de la rue.... Franchement. Très mauvais séjour.. Le seul et unique avantage de l'auberge c'est sa localisation dans Londres. Sauf que dans la meme rue il y a une autre auberge...",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Une horreur tout simplement ,"Nous étions 4 dans une chambre privative . Nous avons eu droit dans la chambre  aux échafaudages en guise de vue , à la visite de cafards. Les douches communes complètement crades sans de réelles séparations !!  Le bâtiment de manière général est très sale , la cuisine à vomir ( des pâtes de plusieurs jours dans l'évier ) !  On peut se dire que cette saleté est compensée par un bas prix hors nous avons paye 17£ la nuit sans wifi ( celui-ci étant payant ....) .  À éviter !!!!! ",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Bom custo beneficio,"Estava em Dublin na irlanda, dai cheguei em londres umas 09 da manha. Fiquei em um quarto com 16 pessoas. No dia que fui estava quente. Mas como queria viajar e gastar pouco, fiquei nesse hostel. Ele fica perto de mc donalds, pizza hut, hyde park, lojas de 1 libra, estação de metro. Resumindo, se você quiser conhecer londres e gastar pouco e ficar perto, vale a pena ficar nesse hostel.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Perto do Metro,Hospedagem barata em Londres é bem difícil de encontrar e o Hyde Park Hostel foi o mais em conta levando em consideração a proximidade com o metro. O clima é agradável e os atendentes são atenciosos. O ruim que não tem elevador e o café da manhã sem muitas opções.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",WARNING ! DANGER ! Auberge à éviter !!,"Séjour du 26/12/14 au 30/12/14 : Expérience horrible : chambres vétustes et insalubres ! Matelas à l'hygiène plus que douteuse => résultat : erruption de boutons sur le corps depuis mon retour en France, direction les URGENCES et les analyses sont en cours... Pas d'ascenseur donc pas pratique avec les bagages. Les douches et les WC n'en parlons pas : dégeulasses et communs !  Petit déjeuner plus que sommaire : infecte avec des produits 1er prix !  Les tarifs des chambres peuvent paraitres très avantageux étant donné la proximité du centre de Londres mais ce n'est PAS DU TOUT un bon plan !!!  DANGER !! 😡😷😵",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not recommended ,I had a terrible experience in that place. I was there for NYE (winter time) and there was no hot water in the showers at all. The cleanness of the rooms was terrible and they were very small. It was hard even to change clothes or to move around. The staff not helpful and not friendly.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Rapport qualité/prix pas mal,"Nous sommes parti entre copines (trois filles), en reservant le logement nous avons sauter sur l'occasion car les nuits n'étaient vraiment pas chères. C'est seulement après que nous avons lu les commentaires. En arrivant sur place nous avons vraiment peur et finalement nous avons été  très surprises. L'auberge reste simple, c'est normal vu le prix. Nous avions les lits en dortoir, les lits et les draps sont propres. Il fait chaud et nous avons eu du chauffage et de l'eau chaude. Cela reste très correcte pour une auberge. Je pense que des travaux viennent d'être  fait car les peintures venaient d'être  faites et les sanitaires étaient nickel. Les seules choses peut - être negatives etaient le fait qu'il y est pas mal de travailleurs qui vivent dans cette auberge' parfois des gens…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",O mais barato de Londres,"Quando eu estava procurando hostel para ficar em Londres, em uma viagem de intercâmbio, o Hyde Park Hostel era o mais em conta. Fiquei em um quarto com 22 pessoas e não foi ruim, foi muito tranquilo. A atmosfera do hostel é muito legal, pois há pessoas do mundo todo (tanto morando, quanto a passeio). As instalações são antigas mas, estamos em Londres e tudo é superável... rs. A localização é ótima, bairro tranquilo e com tudo por perto (metro, shoppings, restaurantes, fast foods, bicicletas e o principal, o Hyde Park a poucos passos do hostel). Eu voltaria e ficaria lá diversas vezes. Recomento.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Fuyez,"Je vais vous raconter une histoire : l'histoire de 7amis décidant de passer un week end à Londres. Pour ne pas se séparer, ils prennent une même auberge, pour une même chambre, réservent ensemble, afin de profiter au mieux de la ville. Arrivés sur place, passé un hall vétuste, on arrive devant une personne désagréable au possible, nous annonçant que nous ne serions pas ensemble, qu'il fallait se séparer. Bien. Après avoir déposé une caution de £20, nous récupérons une pauvre clef pour 4personnes. Malin. Mais heureux d'être enfin arrivés à bon port, nous nous avançons vers les chambres, dans l'espoir de se reposer un peu, de s'installer quelque peu. La encore raté : un dortoir de 10, transpirant l'humidité, aux murs couverts de moisissures nous dévoilent 4pauvres lits minuscules,…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",bed bugs,"The experience was ok, since I shared a private room with 3 friends this past weekend. However, since arriving home, I have developed a rash from bed bug bites. Do not sleep on the bare mattresses! It itches like hell and is not very hygienic. If you can, bring your own sheets.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Very good location,You have to know that this is a hostel we're talking about sou you can't be expecting something really fancy. We stayed in a 4 bed bedroom. It was quite small but we had our own bathroom. so that is a big plus. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is also a breakfast included in the price but the dining area is a bit small and it can get crowded very easily since all the food and toasters are at one table so people are usually standind by that table and it gets crowded. Also ther is a free wifi. And in the common area they have lockers where you can put your belongins and it's free of charge. You can bring your own lock or you can rent one at the hostel and put 5  pound deposit but you get that back when you check out. I know for myself that usually when I'm travelling to a…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",El peor albergue/hotel de mi vida,Nos entraron a robar a la habitación mientras dormíamos 6 personas que viajábamos juntas. Cuando pedimos explicación a los del hotel se desentendieron y las cámaras de seguridad están de adorno. Destacar la falta de limpieza y el asco del hotel en general,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",bijzondere ervaring,het hotel is erg waardeloos vooral de wc's en douches zijn erg vies en bij ons was het water koud wat uit de douches kwam. in de kelder van het hotel krijg je 's ochtends een onbijt met geroosterd brood :),Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Quello che non uccide...,"Sonoo appena tornato dall'ostello e ho sentito proprio la necessità di avvertire chiunque sul pessimo stato di questo ""ostello"". Si perchè chiamarlo ostello e chiedere dei soldi per un servizio del genere è un'offesa al concetto di servizio stesso.  Indisponibilità e sporcizia sono le parole d'ordine. Sono stato in molti ostelli nella mia vita e conosco la qualità che può più o meno starci dietro un ostello a 20 euro per notte. NON ANDATECI, PUNTO. Dovrebbero chiuderlo per problemi d'igiene pubblica!!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst hostel ever,Staff were so rude! Let themselves into our room unannounced. 2 plug sockets in a room for 4 people. Dirty showers. We are a group of young women and couldnt walk down the corridor without being leered at like we were pieces of meAt. Health and saftey hazard stairs. Toilets that dont flush properly. Rickety poor quality bed frames.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Grim and depressing hostel,Where to start with this hostel I would say this one of the worst hostels in London showers that are either cold or not working the beds are really small even for a person with average height as well no wifi whatsoever and no near plug sockets there are far nicer hostels around London I would this one!!!,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",puant!,"On s'attendait à quelque chose de sommaire sans artifice car c'était l'auberge la moins chère placée près du centre (dans le quartier de Hyde Park quand même!). on est tombé sur une ruine, après avoir franchi le pas de la porte d'entrée en ayant soigneusement évité les éclaboussures de bière et les ronds de fumée des locataires squattant les escaliers, nous avons été accueilli (même si ce terme est trop positif à mon goût) par un monsieur aigri qui apparemment n'aimait guère répéter les informations lorsque les clients ne comprenaient pas son accent approximatif. Pas de visite au préalable (et c'est bien dommage!) une fois que vous avez payé c'est foutu! une caution de 20£ vous sera demandé pour les badges d'accès (c'est ça en moins que vous ne dépenserez pas là-bas et que vous…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Scabbia,"Confermo la scabbia. Gli ostelli sono altra roba, questa è una discarica con i letti dentro.  Fatevi segnare i soldi (SOLO CONTANTI) che pagate all'arrivo, perchè cercano di rubare anche su quello. Non vale nemmeno 1£ a notte.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",um meio rústico talvez,"acho que se pode dizer que é um meio rústico, mas confortável... bem localizado, em uma rua paralela a ele se acha comida de todo tipo, desde comidas de países variados a todas as cadeias de fastfood que existem em Londres, mercadinhos e lojas de lembrancinhas, perto do metro e do Hyde Park, apé é afastado do centão da cidade, mas de metro fica bem perto o preço era bem menor que todos os outros que estive ou pesquisei, pra quem quer economisar é ótimo",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Scabbia,"Si, avete letto bene, ho preso la scabbia...le lenzuola che ci hanno dato avevano capelli attaccati(io ho comunque dormito nel sacco a pelo e sulla mia federa),I bagni e le docce indecenti, una puzza atroce ovunque, la sala per la  colazione (che non ho mai fatto lì)una discarica...potessi dare zero stelle lo farei, fatelo chiedere",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",The worst hostel I've ever being,I spent the weekend in London for a Gig and I booked this hostel for two nights. I know that London is a very expensive city and that 18£ for a mixed dorm is not that much but:  -People at the desk very very impolite. -We've book one room and we have been asked to change the second night. -Mixed dorms (the room and the beds) were awful and dirty. -The second mixed dorm we stayed in had the locked door broken and the it was raining inside the room.   If you are in need for a stay in London and you want to opt for a cheap accommodation I really suggest to opt for other solutions.,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",It's what you pay for!,Let's face it - this place is in central london and really cheap(for london). You get what you pay for! It's close to hyde park and the tube and it's a nice neighborhood. I'm not very picky with filth and if you're just staying for a couple of nights with no intention of staying at the hostel for any longer times than sleeping I'd tell you to go here. Showers and toilets are not hilton standard - but they're fine. This place won't kill you. Sheets are included in the price and you can store your bags for an extra fee.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cheap for a reason.,"As a budget minded traveller, I don't mind a cheap bed for a night. However our room had a missing window, there's one shower and toilet to share between a 21 bed dorm. No privacy at all and rude staff around the clock. Not helpful at all. And if the free breakfast is the deciding factor then forget it. They provide cereal and juice in dirty dishes. There are definitely other places to stay in the area for roughly the same price yet heeeaps better.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",The worst hostel ever!,"Staff very rude and arrogant, toilets dirty and not enough for the amount of people (I had to go to a cafe in the morning...).   The hostel is falling apart in many points: missing piece of carpets, holes, signs and scratches on the walls, broken sinks fixed with the glue...  The first day we slept in the basement, ten people in a small dirty room.  The second day in the room 26, the window was broken (I mean, a piece of glass was missing!) and it was raining inside (we woke up with a pool in the middle of the room)! Bunk beds with three floor, dirty and small (I am 1.86 m and I couldn't fit properly). Two sockets for 15 people.  Breakfast a joke.   You have to pay for everything: internet, lockers, towel....",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Affreux ,"Le bâtiment tombe en ruine, l'ascenseur ne marche plus depuis 5ans!  Donc imaginez 6 palliers avec vos valises.. Les chambres sont toutes petites mais vraiment petites avec un lavabo tout délabré.. La wifi est payante : 1£ l'heure  L'odeur je vous passe et la fréquentation de même ...!",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Bad Staff, Breakfast a joke","I stayed here not expecting much as I literally just needed somewhere to drop for a night while I was in between places in London. They take forever to check you in and out (I'm not sure the woman had ever used a computer before) and the guy that was meant to direct me to my room just pointed me towards the staircase and I had to ask other backpackers how to get to my room, because it turned out you had to go up a floor and then walk along that floor to go up another staircase to get to another section of the building or something. The staff never smiled and weren't friendly. Breakfast, even for a backpacker hostel, was so inedible I went out and paid to eat - the instant coffee was served in plastic water glasses and there was a toast machine to queue up for with the dozens of…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Muy muy malo,"Lo único rescatable del hostal es la ubicacion, pero que todo le referente a limpieza, comodidad, calidad, seguridad, servicios, etc., es realmente malo. Te cobran absolutamente por todo, nisiquiera tienen wifi gratis. Los baños son muy sucios y muchas de las duchas están rotas. La cocina muy cochina y con pocas cosas para cocinar.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Horrible,"Parmi les nombreuses auberges de jeunesses que j'ai fréquentées, celle-ci est de loi la pire (hygiène déplorable, lits peu confortables, cuisine et salles de bain délabrées, accueil très désagréable... et j'en passe). Bref les prix bas ne justifient pas tout !!",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",What would you expect?,"Let me say this at the start. You are paying very little for a place in Paddington; you should expect very little.   I found the place on a affluent looking terrace beside Hyde Park. Expensive cars and houses lined the roads; there was very little rubbish on the pavements; I had only been offered drugs once in the last ten minutes - very impressive for London. After a long day, I was looking forward to getting my head down in what I had assumed would be a cheap as chips, done simple but done well establishment. Walking up the steps in to the lobby, I was immediately struck by the unique décor and tried to work out what it reminded me of. The abundance of flaking dirty white paint everywhere inside could be an attempt at ""abandoned school"", or possibly ""bird excrement cream"" but…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Minging,"... Just minging. Woman on reception may have been the rudest person I've ever met, for absolutely no reason. Before I had even said hello she looked like she was about to punch me. Would have thought she had had a bad day but this seems a common theme in these reviews. Then was given (thrusted a piece of paper) a bed, she didn't even tell me the room number or what floor it was on. Regrettably booked a 21 person dorm, which STUNK as soon as I walked in, then when I found a free bed I climbed my way up to the third storey bunk bed and opened the curtain to be met with a stench of sick. Luckily there was no sick but i hope that wasnt a general smell! urghhhhhhh! Set my alarm for 7am and left, thank god I could have a shower at a friends house!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location!,"For the most part, I enjoyed my stay at Hyde Park Hostel. They were right near Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park and near two tubes stations. They had free breakfast and bed linens. Although, wifi was not free - which was a bummer. Thankfully there are a lot of restaurants nearby with free wifi.   There was one receptionist in particular who was quite rude to me, but other than that, they were all friendly and helpful.   I stayed in the mixed dorm room with about 20 other people. The beds all had their own curtains - to allow for some privacy. And like all good hostels, it got noisey at night, so bring earplugs.   It was relatively clean - for a hostel that serves hundreds of guests on any given night. I didn't use their kitchen, but it seemed well equipped. Their cafeteria area…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Putrid place which should bebombed,"I never slept in such a filthy place. The whole place is mouldy, dirty, dusty and unhealty.They have a small basement that they use as a 10 beds dormitory, regardless of the fact that the air is not enough and unbreathable (the mould spores caused me sorethroat and a restless night). The situation is not any better upstairs (no lift btw), where there is a omnipresent smell of mould and a brown-stained sink which leakes a lot of water creating a small lake in the center of tne room.The showers were cold and the bathrooms were horribly dirty worse than a public outhouse.In the Hall they ""clean"" with a strong acid whose vapors are toxic. The kitchen is such that you can not tell the difference with the bathrooms and the breakfast is made of old bread, fuit juice diluted at 90% with…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst,"This place is the worst hostel I have ever stayed at. My friend and I arrived late and we were given other peoples beds who were not asleep yet (but had possessions on) the floor was covered in rubbish and water. Every door you open there is a new smell. I was woken to two people realising their phones had been stolen during the night. The staff were rude. The beds and bathrooms are dirty. I don't think saying you get what you pay for is fair, I have paid a lot less for a lot more. The excuse it is a hostel is also not valid, if you pay for a bed you should not be given someone else's just because they have not gone to sleep yet. ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",The rudest staff ever!,"Nothing bothered me more than the rude staff in this dungeon of a hostel. They were ill-mannered, distant, cold and downright disrespectful. Advice to the manager: provide  a customer-friendly attitude course for your staff as soon as possible. Very crappy accommodation but that's what you get for paying a crappy price (so no complaints there) One good thing was the location and the bedlinen was kind of clean. The rest is bad news. The city of london should review this business and see if the hostel should be allowed to operate in this state and with such rude staff!. One thing is sure for me: I'll never set foot at hyde park hostel again. cheerio.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Très bien situé mais ...,"L'emplacement est parfait : à 2 pas de Hyde Park, d'un arrêt de bus et d'une station de métro avec lequel on rejoint en 5min Oxford Street. Il donne également sur une petite rue commerçante où il y a de quoi faire : divers restaurants, plusieurs supérettes, starbucks ... Néanmoins, l'hôtel en lui même n'est pas terrible. Il n'y a pas d'ascenseurs (au 3ème étage le dernier jour avec les grosses valises c'était catastrophique), et je ne parle même pas de la propreté des douches. J'ai trouvé aussi limite ""scandaleux"" le fait que la prise dans les chambres ne soit pas compatible à nos adaptateurs (il faut payer 5livres pour avoir un adaptateur pour l'adaptateur ....) En bref, il peut être très bien pour les très courts séjours quand on a un petit budget mais qu'on ne veut pas être à…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Dovrebbe chiudere immediatamente per alto rischio igienico-sanitario,"Perdete ogni speranza voi ch'entrate. Tutto il fabbricato è letteralmente invaso dalla muffa, frutto di una combinazione di mancanza d'areazione,umidità e negligenza più assoluta nelle pulizie. Hanno uno stanzino interrato che hanno adibito a dormitorio,lì l'aria è irrespirabile e le spore di muffa mi hanno provocato mal di gola e ovviamente insonnia. La situazione non è certo migliore all'ultimo piano, dove ho preteso di essere spostato per la seconda (e ultima) nottataccia, visto che il tanfo di muffa era onnipresente, e il lavabo nella stanza (sporco di una sostanza marrone di cui non voglio conoscere l'origine) perdeva copiosamente creando un piccolo laghetto al centro del pavimento. Per rendere la permanenza ancora più gradevole hanno pensato bene di non riparare un danno…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Ugh,"Ok. So first hostel experience. We were put on the top floor. 4 floors up. No elevator. No worries. We cart our suitcases up 4 flights of stairs. It was cheap, so we can't complain.. However.. The stink.. My gosh, the stink.. The windows do not open, not a crack..I had a smell trapped in my bag for the rest of my trip. Disgusting. Showers had no hooks or benches to put your stuff.  However, Hyde Park itself is a great location and truly beautiful. ",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers..... well almost,"Travelling with three mates we managed a 4 bed dorm so we had no issues with security and the Aussie girl that booked us in was helpful and cheerful despite the working environment she had to endure. Fourth floor suited BUT there was no hot water and very little cold water, found shower down 2 1/2 flights of stairs that worked, and despite bringing this to management notice nothing was fixed despite claims it had been, staff at breakfast were down right rude and saw this as a reflection of the arrogance of management, not impressed, but position was good and local pub has good grub and wifi but expensive, this was the worst place in my month of travelling around Europe and UK, would sleep in the park before I go back to this establishment",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",hyde park hostel,"Petit prix et très bon emplacement proche du centre de Londres avec le métro. quartier très sympa proche de hyde park.  Ne pas y aller si on est trop exigent ou si on tient trop à son petit confort... dortoir assez poussiéreux, assez mal aménagé (1 seule prise de courrant pour 8 personnes) petit déjeuner pas terrible, et douches pas très propres et FROIDES! je ne suis pas trop exigeante, mais l'eau froide, c'est pas cool! Personnel pas hyper souriant. pour dépanner c'est suffisant mais pas pour y rester trop longtemps.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",è un ostello,"è un ostello quindi non ci si può aspettare un trattamento da Hotel...per quel che mi riguarda io ho soggiornato nella camerata da 24 al piano terra, ci hanno dato lenzuola e copri cuscino puliti (che non danno in tutti gli ostelli) e i letti con le tendine ti permettono di avere anche un po' di privacy. I bagni sono un po' pochi per tutte le persone che soggiornano lì ma non li ho mai trovati eccessivamente sporchi. In cucina c'è l'ora di punta in cui tutti usano pentole e posate quindi o si evita il momento del pienone per farsi da mangiare o si aspetta che gli altri abbiano finito.  Per me l'esperienza in questo ostello è stata positiva, aveva quello che cercavo, posizione eccellente, possibilità di cucinare, letto pulito e possibilità di fare una doccia dopo una giornata in…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",no vayan es el peor hostel que fui en todo europa,"llegamos y no pudimos pagar con tarjeta, no habia wifi gratis habia que pagarlo y solo funcionaba en la recepcion, los dos dias nos quisimos bañar y no tuvimos agua caliente, un baño por piso que por piso hay una millonada de gente, cola para ir al baño, todo mugriento, los baños no podias ni entrar de lo sucios que estaban, en fin podria seguir con muchas cosas mas, y encontre hostel del mismo precio y espectaculares...lo unico positivo la ubicación",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Wallet stolen while i slept,If u want to get ur belongings stolen then go ahead and stay here. No lockers available and im certain ppl stay herejjust to prey on travellers ans wait until they are asleep and then rob them! I stayed in the 24 bed dorm...there are curtains on all the beds so u have no idea if someone is in the room or not. They are! And they are watching you the whole time seeing where u put ur stuff and waiting until they can strike. Im not over reacting either. Creepy vibe throughout the whole building. i didnt use the Shower do cant comment on cleanliness but never again!,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cockroaches and fungus...,"- Cockroaches in the toilets  - Actual mushrooms growing in the shower area  - Misogynist staff. The man showing us (both males) to the luggage lock-up, remarked to a group of passing girls that they should do his dishes, before informing us that we could 'do anything to them' during our stay.  I understand that the hostel is very cheap. I'm pretty unfussy and stoical about these things, but I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the most basic levels of hygiene, or to not be subjected to offensive behaviour. I was booked in and paid up for two nights... I chucked it after one. The fact that happily paid £30 to get an overnight Megabus instead says it all.  Avoid.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Worst stay in the history of time, feel dirty forever now. Staff hate their lives and take it out on us.","Where the bloody hell do I begin. Staff were so hideously rude. Put out by the simplest of requests. My boyfriend and I stored our luggage in the basement (creepy), and each time we asked to be taken down there to collect it, it was such a HUGE inconvenience for them. After spending about 30 seconds in the room, the guy became visibly annoyed and asked how long we would be. I argued with him. On one occasion, my partner went to collect the luggage and started walking up the stairs without giving him the luggage ticket, so the guy pulled him off of the stairs! My partner called him a prick, and he responded that he was ""gay and could not punch"" him. (We are a heterosexual couple, but clearly they are homophobic also!) Only reason he wasn't knocked out, was because my partner had…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not A Place For Travellers,"This hostel is not a place for travellers. It is better suited to people coming to London long term, while they look for permanent accommodation - there were many people there doing this.  The hostel charged extra for everything - lockers, internet access, MAPS. The people at reception were not organised or particularly friendly. There were no common areas to sit in. There were no where near enough bathrooms or toilets for the number of people living there. Most mornings were spent wandering around for at least 20 minutes trying to find a vacant one - and many had no mirrors or power points. All were extremely dirty and run down.   The free breakfast is held in a kitchen that feels more like a dungeon. It is the most basic of basic food - white bread, jam and cornflakes. Staff…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Lamentable,"Hormis les autres avis, il est a ajouter le vol de 60 PND dans ma valise après avoir tout renversé. Je rappelle que partout dans le monde le vol est un délit et sur une étudiante c'est encore plus lamentable !!!!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Pior hostel que eu ja fiquei!!!,"Eu e minhas amigas ficamos em un quarto feminino de 10 camas. O quarto era super pequeno, era sujo, tinha apenas uma janela pequena e era insuportavelmente quente. Alem de ter apenas duas tomadas!!!! Tinham poucos banheiros no hostel e todos tinham aspecto sujo, e a maioria dos dias tomamos banho frio. O café da manha era horrivel, tinha apenas pao de forma com manteiga ou geleia, agua fervendo, cafe soluvel, leite frio e un cereal. Alem disso a equipe do hostel nao era nada simpatica.",None,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Juste de passage,"Afin de m'installer à Londres et faire mes premières démarches (recherches d'emploi et de colocation) la solution de l'auberge a été très pratique. Elle est bien située par rapport aux sites attractifs et aux transports en commun. Toutefois ma chambre était vétuste, poussiéreuse et mal isolée;  les toilettes/ douches des filles étaient très sales. Avantages : une cuisine ainsi qu'une laverie sont à disposition des résidents du moment.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",basic,"Mauvaise Hygiène, chambre de 20 lits, bonjour l'odeur..mais bon si on est pas trop regardant et que l'on souhaite juste dormir et avoir de quoi faire une toilette ça reste pas cher et c'est l'occasion de rencontrer des gens sympas       ",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Nasty encounter,"I stayed in the Hyde Park Hostel 4 nights in July 2014 with 3 of my friends.   I just don't know where to start. I wouldn't recommend this hostel!!  1. The customer service is terrible. The woman in the reception didn't even look at us when we checked in (she looked down at her hands and fixed her nails), and hardly responded to our questions. Notice that you have to pay for the stay in cash right away. However, the young man who serviced us another day was far more serviceminded.   2. The room was very small (4 bed) and there wasn't even a shelf to put away toiletries. My mattress and pillow had big black hair all over which was very disgusting.  3. The wood frame around the window in our room (nr. 28) was so rotten, so when we tried to close it, the frame almost fell apart. In…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",This is one grody hostel,"I work in the wastewater industry where one sees some disgusting stuff. And before that at a 7-11, where one also sees weird disgusting things. This place was absolutely grotesque. Toilets and showers were worn down and filthy. Staff were extremely rude. Do not try to save 10 pounds on accommodation versus another hostel if you are going all the way to London on vacation...as this place will ruin your experience in an incredible city. Also, you have to pay a high price for Wifi, lockers, and a lot of other stuff that is free in most other places so you really won't save much money. Stayed here for a total of 5 hours before finding another spot, and glad that was the end of my experience.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Vomit werthy! ,"I can't believe that after years of traveling the worst place I've ever stayed is in LONDON,  This place is not cheap either, 1stly you have to make your own beds, the outside of the building is under construction but the inside Shuld b fixed first  The mattresses were shallow and indented, the floors were wet when we checked in, when we went to go to the toilet the cleaning lady had the mop in the toilet bowl and was flushing the toilet on it (ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!) then I felt like I culdnt take my shoes off in the room, there were no lockers so I put my suitcase under my bed, it came out COVERED in dust!  There was no wifi, 2 power points together on the other side of the room, the boys in our room were off their head and didn't sleep (FFS) then the sink water smelt  There's 2…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not that bad...,"Ok, it may be NOT so clean, the staff it may be NOT so friendly, the environment it may be NOT so warm, the kitchen looks like a toilet, it may be not an hostel for families. Come on guys let's be honest the hostel is in the middle of London, 11£ for a 21 beds dorm in the center of London, I mean...",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",A éviter !,"Personnel désagréable, chambres sales, pas pratiques. 1 lavabo dans la chambre, pas de savon, pas de linge. Ils nous donnent les draps pour faire les lits. Seulement 2 prises pour 4. Wifi payant. Une catastrophe",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever!,"I booked two days before arriving, It was expensive but there was no other place around. When we arrive the lady in the front desk was so rude, we felt uncomfortable and complain about it so the man who was also in the front desk reacted even worse, he was so threatening that we prefer not to say anything else, he called my friend ""Idiot"" and said: ""if you want to live in the UK you should learn the language"", I find this unnecessary because a hostel is mainly designed for travelers from different places. The place was so uncleaned, the shower seemed to be taken from a horror movie! No towels included, £5 each, extra cost of course, breakfast? Diluted juice and unflavored black coffee. Simply the worst place to stay, do not waste your time and money!",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Para pocos días,"Muy buena la ubicación, barato para la zona y lo que se puede conseguir en Londres. Incluye desayuno, básico pero sirve.  Las habitaciones dobles son mínimas, nunca vimos algo tan chico, la limpieza no era la mejor. Hay muchos chicos que viven ahí permanente, no se genera el ambiente para conocer gente o para organizar salidas grupales.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not too Bad….,"Booked this hostel very last minute ( about 4 hours before checking in) as we needed a place to stay before moving in to our apartment. It was cheap, like 8pound per person per night. I'm not sure if this was because we booked so late, or if it was a special, or if its the usual price. I wouldn't pay much more than that for it.  The staff were nice, and we had no problems checking in, or anything. They do take a 10pound holding fee for the key, but got that back the next morning on checkout.  The room we were in was quite large, considering it was a 21 person dorm. I didn't like that there were triple bunks, but actually that wasn't to bad either. I had bought my own sleep sheet, and didn't use the doona, and slept quite well.  Unfortunately there was only one powerpoint in the…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",El peor hostel que conocí,Es el peor hostel que conocí en mi vida. Todo sucio. Las baldosas.  El Baño.  La gente la peor atención. Mal educadas.  No tienen que ir mas nadie ahí!!!  Encima no reciben tarjeta y te cobran el wifii Desastroso,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",bed bug infested dump,"The staff was unhelpful and rude. Their ""ATM"" gave no receipts. The rooms were disgusting. The windows wouldn't shut and the door wouldn't lock. Immediately after getting in the beds, we were bitten multiple times and left immediately for another hotel. The hostel told us if we returned in the morning we would get our money back, but upon returning, they pretended they had no idea what we were talking about.   The whole experience literally felt like we were being punked. Don't do it, don't stay here.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Terrível!!!,"Estou escrevendo esse relato para que outros viajantes desavisados não caiam na esparralha que eu cai!! Cheguei nesse lugar e a recepção já foi ruim. Os ingleses não são assim um exemplo de simpatia, mas a coisa era pior. O quarto em que fiquei tinha um cheiro horrível pq havi uma mulher lá que deixava tudo uma imundície e pelo jeito não passava limpeza nakele lugar há algum tempo. Havia até formiga no quarto.  Não havia lockers e as malas não tinha lugar pra ficar devido ao estação reduZido par quantidade de camas que havia. As camas eram de ferroe velhas e rangiam o tempo todo. Bem o banheiro era um capítulo a parte. Era um por andar e quando digo um, era um mesmo!! Mínimo e velho, com um aspecto de sujo e cheio de reparos feitos de qualquer jeito. Um horror!! Tão tão cansada…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",All-Around Terrible Experience,"I wouldn't recommend this hostel to anyone. There are hostels nearby for similar costs which are much cleaner and have nicer staffs. The rooms smelled awful and weren't ventilated nearly enough. The bathrooms were small and few, and in some cases they had broken sinks or showers.  When we arrived and got to our room, we found that there were no beds left open (as beds are not assigned). We went to the front desk, who brushed us off and told us to remove the things off of the beds. I didn't want to do this, so I asked the hotel staff to do so. In the middle of the night, I was awoken by a man who claimed that I stole his bed, which forced me into a long argument in the middle of the night.  Luckily, it wasn't much of a bother, because I was awake anyways. I couldn't sleep because…",None,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Expensive, unclean,","I am not sure what prices people paid for this place, but compared to other hostels in London, you can find cheaper and better ones to go to. More importantly, you can find places that won't charge you for basic amenities like wi-fi, locker (the locker isn't even in your room, it's in the hostel's basement which you need a receptionist to open up for you), towels, and breakfast. I was almost expecting to pay 30p to use the toilets after I checked in. Speaking of which, the toilets are worse than any you will find in the London transportation stations; broken sinks, refuse laying about, terrible odors in the showers, etc. The bed-sheets were dubious too and the rooms were stuffy and hot.  Finally, the staff here is both rude and incompetent. They don't know how to work their own…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Trust the REVIEWS! ,"We didn't think it would be as bad as the reviews but it was!  We arrived and the guys at reception seemed pretty nice but then we climbed two flights of stairs with our bags and got into our room and it was not good!  Had a terrible smell and a really bad vibe, as two young traveling girls we didn't feel safe. We have both stayed at our fair share of hostels so we can put up with a lot but this was not ok. The kitchen was dirty and showers and toilets weren't very nice. We checked out after 2 nights and found somewhere else.  Honestly I would suggest paying the extra £10 and get a much better hostel",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not a good experience.,"From the moment I entered the hostel I was not impressed. Unfriendly and unhelpful staff at reception. Then had to climb 3 flights of stair cases with heavy luggage and bed linen. No help offered. Room very small for 4 people with only a small mirror also. ANTS on the window sill and on the floor. Even found a few in my suitcase. Left the hostel with ant bites but try not to think too much about it. Had a shower and felt I came out dirtier than before, dirt on floors and big knickers left hanging off the shower. Breakfast was poor. Only White bread offered and cornflakes. 2 items non-suitable for a coeliac. The Tea was the best part of the whole hostel experience! On the other hand the location was ideal, near the tube. Sin é!",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Pior experiência,"Se você esta procurando um lugar seguro, tranquilo, limpo e amigável. Com certeza esse não é o lugar fujam. Check in confuso, recepcionista parecia estar perdida, nos cobrou 10 libras em uma chave e não nos avisou que esse valor seria devolvido na saída. Não há Wi-Fi, quartos super lotados, prédio velho sem manutenção. Itens no café da manha acabavam e não eram repostos. Agua fria pra fazer café. Banheiros imundos, chuveiros não funcionavam. Fomos obrigados a tomar banho em um chuveiro que mal saia agua. Não há nada para comer perto desse lugar que chamam de Hostel.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not My Pick,"I would not recommend this Hostel to anyone.  The hostel itself was really dirty and I never felt safe.  There are no lockers for your belongings and it really isn't close to anything.  I would have rather slept on a park bench in Hyde Park.  The second night we were able to stay in a room for the six that were in my group, but I still wasn't very comfortable.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Péssimo! ,Paguem um pouco mais  para obter um local digno de uso! Hostel inteiro sujo! Quarto com 24 pessoas e único banheiro! Maioria dos chuveiros quebrado! Sem acesso Wifi grátis! 3 noites de filme de terror! Sem tomada nos quartos! Fujam!!! ,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cheap beds in a great location,"I've stayed at Hyde Park Hostel over a few trips, sleeping in 10, 18, 21, and 24 bed dorms over a total of just over three weeks all up. The accommodation is basic, and there are no frills, but the price and location keep me coming back.  The rooms are cleaned daily, but the hostel is quite old and run down, so things won't ever be sparkling here. The floors of the toilets and shower rooms seem to always be wet, which can make changing difficult if you don't want to do it in your room.  The rooms I've stayed in varied quite a bit, but all had windows and got a fair amount of light and fresh air, and all were warm at night, regardless of the temperature outside. One room had a sink and a mirror in it, one had drawers under each bed, and the others were just big rooms with a lot…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",el peor hostel en el que he estado,"Buena ubicacion, limpio, pero viejo, en obras, malas condiciones, el suelo esta desnivelado. No volveria. Mucho ruido por la noche, gente que da miedo, hay mejores hostales por la zona y por precio parecidp",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Atmosfera da HOSTEL il film.,"Abbiamo prenotato questo ostello catturati semplicemente dall'ottima posizione di cui gode. e BASTA. bagni puliti solamente al mattino presto, camere fatiscenti ( nella moquette ho trovato un chiodo), la finestra non si chiudeva e per fissarla c'era un pezzo di legno (??). Appena arrivati non capivano quale camera darci, anche se avevo specificato nella prenotazione una camera doppia. Non lo consiglio.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",What do you expect?!,Stayed here as a group of 4 lads doing a pub crawl.  Basically chosen as it was the cheapest place to stay within a decent radius of the west end etc.  I think we paid something like £15 a night for a bunk in a four bed room which is amazing value.  Great location right next to Hyde Park.  Yes the toilets and showers were a bit minty but this didn't bother us.  I've stayed in better hostels but for what we paid this place exceeded expectations.  I would recommend if you are just looking for a place to get your head down for the night.  If you can't bear a bit of muck you'll need to pay a bit more.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",i fell in a lake and felt cleaner than showering here,It was the first hostel I stayed in on my GAP year and as I walked in I was offered drugs by other people staying in one of the dorms. It was the dirtiest place I have ever come across in my life and I strongly advise nobody to ever consider staying here. The bathrooms were disgusting with all the toilets on our floor dirty or blocked. The female showers didn't work so we were forced to shower in the male ones.,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",O barato que (pode) sair caro.,"O hostel é bem localizado e o preço é dos mais convidativos. Tem poucos banheiros para a quantidade de hóspedes. O café da manhã é incluso, mas é apenas pão(manteiga e geléia) e café. Nao tem wifi de graça. No meu periodo de estadia (5 dias) roubaram 2 celulares no meu quarto, tem que cuidar a segurança!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Disgusting!!,"Stayed for one night - toilets were absolutely disgusting and stank, showers were not much better. There were only two showers for a LOT of people. Room was tiny and cramped, dreadful hard pillows and also stunk. Corridors were poorly maintained. Staff seemed pretty angry and unhelpful.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cheap - didn't expect much but got even less!,"Well to be honest at £15 a person in a four bed dorm, with such a great location I wasn't expecting much, but it was just terrible.  First impressions where not good when we arrived at 4pm (i'd say quite a peak time for people to checkin) to be told that we had to wait as the reception was changing shifts, ok bit weird so we sat down and waited to be called over.  The 2 members of staff continued to chat, then 15 minutes later a group of girls walked and got served straight away??  There was massive wait again, because the girls that walked in wasn't getting what they booked. We got issued our rooms, booked 2 beds, assumed we'd at least be in same dorm but no split - no big deal didn't complain.  The receptionist was quite rude to the 7 girls that where checking in, telling them…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",good value for money,"i stayed in this hostel for a few nights last week and i noticed that most customers are tourists speaking different languages, yet the stuff are friendly always smiling and ensuring that the place is safe and clean although they do too much in one area and none on other for example the female shower rooms smell bad.  hopefully the horrible sewage smell will go away once the refurbishment is complete.  compared to other hostels i visited, this has been the best as there are no triple bunk beds or 32 dorm.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Bem localizado, bom preço","O forte deste hostel é a localização, próximo ao Hyde Park e às estações Bayswater e Queensway. A região tem um comércio bem variado, o que facilita para os viajantes. Quartos limpos e organizados, bom atendimento e serviços no hall, preço justo. Recomendo e muito!",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Pessima esperienza (con furto!),"Avevamo prenotato presso il Royal Bayswater Hostel (che è a due metri da questo), e appena arrivati ci hanno mandati qui (ero con 4 miei amici)...Nell'altro ostello avevamo preso una camera da 6 con bagno in camera, qua il bagno in camera era inteso come un lavandino in camera. Bagni puliti di prima mattina, poi basta. Docce mantenute pulite (alla fine ci si lava!), cucina non lo so (l'altro ostello ci aveva dato la possibilità di utilizzare la loro), internet a pagamento. E mi hanno rubato 50 €, che erano in una busta, nella mia valigia (chiusa con il lucchetto, ma la busta l'avevo-stupidamente- messa nella tasca esterna, ma a parte la mia stupidità, la donna delle pulizie ha aperto comunque la mia valigia per fregarmi i soldi! Ovviamente il personale non sapeva nulla -.- (e i…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Ben localizado,"O hostel é bem localizado e o preço é dos maia convidativos.  Tem poucos banheiros para a quantidade de hóspedes. O café da manhã é incluso, mas é apenas pão(manteiga e geléia) e café.  Nao  tem wifi de graça. No meu periodo de estadia (5 dias) roubaram 2 celulares no meu quarto,  tem que cuidar a segurança! ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"Me, and two friends stayed here October 2013, thankfully we were only in London for one night as I don't know what I would have done if we had to stay here longer. The showers were frankly unusable. We booked to stay in a 6 bed dorm, and we were put in a 12 bed room. Staff were not very friendly or accommodating. The place was very unclean and run down. Definitely would not recommend to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Oh god never again,"Stayed here Jan '11. Worst. Hostel. Ever. Reminded me of a creepy hospital for starters. The rooms stink and are filthy, staff useless.. I have never been so uncomfortable in a place in all my life. I knew it would be a cheap stay but it was unbelievable how horrible this experience was. even a simple task of taking a shower was horrendous, nothing but freezing cold water (in winter!) in a tiny cramped room, probably the same size of a large cupboard. The location was the only good part!",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",peggiore ostello in cui sia mai stata,"L'unica cosa positiva dell'ostello è la posizione rispetto ai mezzi di trasporto. Pulizia, igiene, sicurezza e cordialità non sanno nemmeno cosa siano. Non ci sono spazi comuni, solo una cucina disabitata. In caso di necessità non si può contare sul personale.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Localização excelente. Limpo e organizado, como Londres!","Café da manhã bem simples (torrada, manteiga ou geléia e chá ou leite). O único incômodo foi subir a bagagem, em razão do número - infinito - de escadas! Mas a localização é muito boa (próximo a estação e de outras atrações turísticas), é limpo e organizado.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Total dump,"Booked into this hostel using travel stay based on the location, price and 3.4 out of 5 review. We were a party of 3 doing a weekend in London on a pretty tight budget so we weren't expecting anything top quality, but thought it must have been ok based on the reviews on the site. What a stupid assumption! This hostel is with out a doubt the worst hostel I have ever stayed in. We were greeted by a very rude and disgruntled female at the reception who gave us a key to a room on the ground floor. Upon entering the room we discovered all of the beds had already been taken and so went back to reception to ask for a different room. Instead of checking for another room she brought us back to the original room and told us to just take one of the beds and move the stuff. She also told us…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Preco médio, localizacao boa porem longe do metro","Para se pegar o metro a estação fica a uns 500 metros o que é uma grande distancia se tratando de londres. O cafe da manha existe, porém é ruim como em qualquer outro hostel. O hostel em si tem um funcionamento muito bom Não existe atividades interativas de grupo, ou festas em geral. A região é basicamente residencial e com nada perto para comer ou beber.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","A horrible hostel, great location","A very dirty place where sometimes you have to climb on the 3rd bed-floor (3m high with not a single light since beds are not allocated..) and make it while everything around stinks...Sleeping was impossible because of the coffin shape of the tiny bed, humidity and general football changing room smell.. Toilets out of use.. I have to admit that I didn't try their breakfast as I left during the first night (out of 3 paid), so I can't say. Great location though.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Não foi muito bom.,"Apesar do preço relativamente baixo (o que me chamou a atenção por Londres ser considerada cara), demonstrou-se ser um hotel de baixa qualidade. Ao menos a localização era muito boa. Mas fora isso, achei a limpeza e atendimentos ruim. Não vale a pena caso tenha um pouco mais de dinheiro.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Sappiate perchè è economico,"L'unica nota positiva è che si trova a due passi da Hyde Park e dalla fermata Queensway della metro. In ""sala comune"" (che è una stanzetta con alcuni pc) c'è un freddo allucinante, il wi fi è a pagamento (1 pound all'ora e vi sfido a non usarlo mai!). I bagni sono sporchissimi, negli angoli c'è polvere e alcuni muri cadono a pezzi, le docce sembrano igieniche se non altro, qualcosa di malfunzionante pure lì c'era ma sono riuscito a lavarmi qualche volta (con grande sforzo). In sala cucina c'è una puzza di chiuso allucinante. Arriviamo al bello: nella mia fantastica camerata da 24 persone c'era una puzza assurda, i letti erano disposti a colonne da 3 ed erano più che letti cuccette dove ci entravi a stento e chiudevi una tendina, c'era sporcizia ovunque (comprese lenzuola e…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Não vale o preço baixo,"O Hyde Park Hostel, apesar de ser dos mais baratos, é muito ruim. Com exceção da localização, nada mais é bom. Faltam cofres, os quartos cheiram mal, a limpeza do banheiro é ruim. Digno de nota, apenas o café da manhã (que não é bom, mas existe), e a excelente localização.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Pior hostel de todos,"Camas são como caixas fechadas, não há ar fresco nos quartos, além da má limpeza. Fui roubada dentro do hostel e os funcionários não fizeram nada para ajudar. Sempre muita gente, internet horrível e a localização também não ajuda. Definitivamente, escolha outro hostel e não estrague sua viagem.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Ottima la Posizione Pessimo il Personale,"Negli ostelli si sà bisogna adattarsi a qualsiasi cosa ed io sono una persona che si adatta,in questo ostello l'unica cosa ottima ma veramente era la posizione vicino a alla central line di Queensway e all'underground di Baywaters e su questo non c'è nulla da ridire,purtroppo capisco che la struttura può essere vecchia e decadente ma la cosa veramente pessima era il personale che ci lavorava tutti con facce cupe che sembravano sempre nervosi forse l'unica persona che si salvava era la receptionista bionda con gli occhiali che ogni tanto ti sorrideva e ti salutava però non da confondersi con la manager che sempre biona e con gli occhiali e forse il ragazzo giovane che ogni tanto faceva il turno di notte...le camere diciamo decenti,la stanza comune  da brivido e c'è pure il…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",EXCELENTE CUSTO BENEFÍCIO!,"Hostel muito bem localizado, ao lado do Hyde Park, próximo à estação de metrô... Tem café da manhã incluído, não é dos melhores, mas suficiente para satisfazer. Tem um bar bem legal no sotão onde dá pra conhecer pessoas, tomar uma cervejinha e quando cansar é só subir para o seu quarto... bem interessante.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst part of my travels,"First night in there we had no lights at all. Bad drainage in the bathrooms, and a slippery floor. Unfriendly staff that don't care about their customers. Cramped room.  Great location and cheap.  But a horrible place that I regret staying in.  Shop around and find something better.  ",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",A eviter,"Pas cher, pas propre, vieux, petit dej' tres limite... un bon emplacement c'est l'unique chose qui peut etre positive, chambres mal entretenues et tres petites, toilettes et douches non regulierement lavees...",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst Hostel I've Ever Come Across,"The only positive thing I can say about this hostel is it's in a great location. The staff are rude and dismissive and for the most part have very poor English. The main issue I had with the hostel is the filthy state it is kept in. The bathrooms and showers are rank and rubbish, hairs, and dust are left to collect beside the beds. When I informed a member of staff of the filth she simply said yeah I know and shrugged. The photos posted online are fake. The whole place needs re-flooring as mold and dampness has cause the floor to recoil. Disgusting... avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Stay away.. FAR AWAY,"I understand you get what you pay for- cheapISH yes but this place has to be breaking some hygiene laws.  Filthy bathrooms, stinking toilets, no clean floors, no clean ANYTHING, disgusting customer service.  We made two separate bookings with our group four weeks in advance and when we got there one of the bookings was nowhere to be found even though we had a confirmation email and details - they still tried to refuse us entry.  NUMEROUS ROBBERIES while we stayed here.  A worker was telling a lady there is no internet then I witnessed him selling more internet to someone even though it was currently 'out of service'  My friends left with bites all over their bodies. People that stayed their and worked their had little to no hostel etiquette  On the final day of check out they…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Totally terrible,"Don't go this hostel! It's the dirtiest place in this city. You can get illness. Everywhere are dirty inside. Bathrooms, toilets, smelling so bad. After staying 4 night, all my body itching now. Even it's not cheap. It's shame on London having a place like that.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Hyde Park Hostel disappointment,"I just got back from London, the city is indeed lovely! My hurry in writing this down is that I want to warn every one who is considering the Hyde Park accommodation for more than 2-3 days' time. The hostel is in terrible shape, is cheap indeed, though minimum/decent conditions should be provided for every customer. Cheap does not equal dirt and shabbiness.  The room  had dirty walls, let's say dubious mattress and pillow, but the highlight of it all was the blue, now the dirty grey-blue duvet. I was't given a cover for it so...really picturesque. The Hyde park area is really central, you have underground near by, bus stations and express markets just around the corner, so from this point of view the location is great. There are a lot of nice places to eat among which I was…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Muy barato, pero...","Si, es accesible y está muy bien ubicado, pero el resto deja mucho que desear. El edificio es muy viejo y está bastante sucio y descuidado. Hay pocos baños en todo el hostel y no están muy limpios... El dormitorio de 12 personas era bastante feo y descuidado. Los lockers están detrás de la recepción y cuestan 2 libras si mal no recuerdo. Al no estar en las habitaciones y con las camas de tres pisos, todos los bolsos y pertenencias de todos estaban por todo el suelo.  Rescato que tenía desayuno, raro para un hostel tan barato.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"It's a cheap hostel, so I wasn't expecting much.The bathrooms aren't that great, but I did have a hot shower. In the 21 bed room, there was a large man sleeping naked with his curtain open, but security came and fixed the situation. You never know what to expect in a room with so many people. Breakfast is very cheap and minimal, they don't have butter, they have margarine. There is no free wi-fi, and the internet is expensive. Seriously, go to McDonald's to use their free wi-fi. You must pay in cash when you get there, which I wasn't aware of, and you have to put down a 10 pound deposit which I also wasn't aware of. It's in a good location and I walked all over London from here without taking any public transportation. When I arrived at the hostel around midnight, I was told…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",piuttosto andate a dormire sotto a un ponte!,"Mi è sembrato di stare nelle camerate di un campo di concentramento o di un campo di accoglienza di quart'ordine. Ho cambiato due camere e in entrambe ho trovato pavimenti incrostati, cartacce e immondizia varia sparsa qua e la (non c'erano cestini) e i lavandini (che erano all'interno della camera) disgustosamente sporchi. I bagni e le docce comuni sono davvero al di sotto della soglia di tolleranza, l'acqua calda non l'ho mai incrociata, ruggine e acqua stagnante in ogni dove, il bagno del primo piano (l'unico) era costantemente intasato e i frequentatori sembravano essere usciti tutti da un rave party o da un film dell'orrore. Il rumore era insopportabile; le porte sbattevano di continuo e l'ingresso in camera degli altri viaggiatori era sottolineato da un continuo vociare da…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Neven,Great value for money. Good breakfast and location. Bathroom not so good. We was on top floor Window was sealed but top window was open.  I would definitely recommend for a young people. Light went off in evening and next day it was fixed.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst Hostel I've Stayed In,"I felt unsafe in this hostel. Location is sketchy at night (walked outside into the middle of a brutal fist-fight my first night there) and the physical building is a dump. Had to walk up 6 long flights of stairs with 20 kilos of luggage to get to my room. Whole building smells, showers were out of order (wouldn't go near them with a ten foot poll even if they weren't) and it was horribly overpriced for what you get. I'd be willing to pay a maximum of five pounds to stay at a place like this again. Only redeeming quality is the staff, who are all incredibly helpful and friendly. They are the only reason I stayed the first night, but didn't stop me from checking out to find somewhere else the second.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","The only positive thing I have to say is that the location was great, very central and one street away from the tube. There were","Great location. Dirty floor in the bathroom, covered in hairs and puddles of water (I didn't take my shoes off the whole time) the shower looked gross - if rather go without than wash in someone else's dirt. The room was dire, underwear on the floor, hairs in the bed, dirty duvet covers. Bars up and the windows(like a prison) noisey at night. Unfriendly staff.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d215498-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Hostel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Superb location, shocking cleanliness","I stayed for one night in August 2013 in the all-girls dorm.  The location of the hostel is superb: just on the edge of Hyde Park directly between Bayswater and Queensway tube stations.  However, it goes downhill from there.  The cleanliness was shocking.  There were old bed sheets underneath my bed along with crushed cans and a pair of undies.  There were puddles of water everywhere, and the toilets and showers were tiny and looked downright infectious.  There was constantly an endless line for both so I didn't even bother showering during my stay in London!!  Unlike most hostels, the bed aren't numbered and the staff mistakingly stripped my bed when I was out and about figuring I had checked out!  My phone charger was wrapped up in the sheets so I had to march downstairs and…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
