,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or0-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bad but not terrible,"First off, it's very much in central London with baker street tube a few minutes away and shops, etc.That's The Good part.   No curtains in the windows, tiny tv, shower that only a few nozzles work, boxes everywhere, hole in the floor that will produce a rat at some point, clear unrepaired damage and not a single member of staff visible the entire weekend.  It could possible have been an abandoned building only for the clean towels that were delivered.  Bottom line, even for my basic needs it wasn't good enough.",Date of stay: September 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or0-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE.,"This hotel is now under the OYO chain and is possibly one of the worst places I've ever stayed in my life. From electrical wires hanging from the walls, to no working lights, to foul smells and stains everywhere.  It seems to be being used as a dumping ground for boxes. They're everywhere.   The beds are disgusting, and the mattress looks and feels about 100 years old with broken springs galore. They make so much noise. Every roll sounds like a herd of wild elephants charging in to your room.  The rooms are boiling, and the window can only be kept open by a plank of old wood kindly left there for you to use. They do provide a fan which just happens to be louder than the mattresses. I wouldn't of believed it either if I hadn't witnessed it myself.   The bathroom contains a bath about the size of a mop bucket with multiple rust stains for you to admire, and lets not forget the utterly disgusting shower curtain which smells like it's been used to wipe up vomit for the population of London for the last 25 years. Its a delight...   For a cleaner, and less obtrusive experience on your nostrils I recommend not booking this hotel, and finding the nearest bridge and kipping there for the evening. Your sleep better, and to be honest your probably feel safer.…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or0-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst place never needs closing day!!!,Worst place ever °no coffee & tea in the room °no working TV °no curtains °dirty BATH and toilet  °wire hanging out of wall °no running hot water °no cups in room °no fire exits °UNTIDY DIRTY HOTEL °FAN IN BATH MADE AWFUL NOISE ALL   NIGHT °DAMP WALLS °Fire hazard!!!!   °Big gap under door °people slamming doors in night,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or0-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Horror movie, not a hotel! Do NOT GO there! You get bed bugs!!!","This was the worst holiday of my life.  Shame on the people at that place, Somerset Hotel in London that cannot be called a hotel! We did not pay for bed bugs, mould, extremely dirty toilets and a humiliating situation.  THIS HOTEL MUST BE CLOSED, YOU GET BED BUGS FROM THEM.  I booked and paid for 4 people on Booking, Booking sent and email to OYO Hotels and they sent a modified email to Somerset Hotel for 2 people, with a different price. The hotel is a horror movie, not a hotel. Please, do not pay and GO there, there are bed bugs you will take home with you. There were bed bugs all over my body, a terrifying experience, I started crying.  This place should be closed, I repeat, it shouldn't be booked on any travelling site. You will see pictures, mould, the smell from the mouldy walls was terrible, dirty toilets, bed bugs, too old beds.   You will also see pictures of my skin after being bitten by bed bugs.  We didn't get a room, we didn't get decent living conditions. The guy from the reception was insensitive and lied to us that they did not have a room for 4 people. They did not care that we were 4 people, we paid for 4 beds and they did not offer us beds for all of us. They could have given us the second room, The hotel was empty.…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or0-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful!! Worst hotel I have ever been in!,"Hotel has no OYO sign so was hard to identity. Main entrance door had no lock and reception was unmanned which meant anyone could enter the building day or night and get straight into the hotel (inner door had no security either) But far worse than that the place is a dump! So old and run down, bathroom was an absolute state, falling in mouldy ceiling, rank toilet, so close to the bath that it was impossible to sit on unless you are very slender, bottom of bath covered in filthy mouldy scale, TV didn't work, window was broken and boarded up, I could go on and on! Also the only hotel I have ever been in with no tea and coffee in the room. The only good point was the shower was hot!",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or5-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL !!!! HORRIBLE,"I wonder why this hotel is still up in the internet to book ! It should be shut down ! We arrived with a confirmed booking ( had it on my phone, already paid ) and the guy at the reception said we never booked a room even after I showed him my reservation and everything. He said we needed to call wherever we booked. Wich we did and then he took of somewhere god knows and left us alone ( !!!) at the reception. Lucky for us the company we booked over instantly refunded me.I was trying to find the guy who worked in the hotel but couldn't find him. Then we left and we saw him looking out of the window, looking if we were gone ?!?!?! Outside the hotel we talked to two guys who just stayed there and they told us the door is open 24/7 and the rooms are super dirty and stuff wich…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or5-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",PLEASE CLOSE THIS PLASE DOWN,"Worst hotel ever,  bad smell in bath,  bad mattresses,  at least it was warm and towels changed often.  Not even soap to wash hands.  Unluckily did not check other reviews prior booking and sending money.  Even lobby smells awful. Insects flying in the room. ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or5-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Absolutely the worst hotel,"Me and my siblings went to London in the beginning of December and booked this hotel, we didn't expect much for the price but this was disgusting. The hotel is moldy, we couldn't close the window and there were bugs in the corners of the window. The staff was rude and didn't even listen to us. We asked for another room but they didn't have any available rooms the staff said and we couldn't get any refund but we left anyway as soon as we had seen the room.  The hotel lobby is smelly and there is a lot of stuff lying around on the floor. We even saw the clean bedsheets on the floor in the hallway. Do not stay in this hotel !!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or5-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",OK,"Ok yes the place is very dated & is in need of upgrading. Bedding was clean but old and worn. Windows almost falling out. Toilet bowl could do with some bleach.  Hotel seemed to be quite safe. Do not expect 5* quality, However I've suffered far far worse. You get what you pay for and at under 50 quid for an ensuite room in central London What do you expect. ?  ",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or5-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Hotel review,Please avoid as this place is not fit for guests I was on the bottom floor and the carpet was stained there was glass missing from the window. The toilet had a rotten damp smell with mould and would make you sick if you had to use. One of the beds had stains on the sheets the mattress felt as if it was worn out and lumpy.,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or10-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Building site not a hotel,This place is the absolute worst. We did find a another room and just left. No chance for any refund of sort. The halls are hirtible and the place is moldy. The rooms where as ok as possible on a building site.,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or10-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting not worth even 1 star,"Im totally shocked at how disgusting this place is we flew back from USA and needed somewhere to get our head down luckily only for 4 hours until we could get our train at 6am. Got here to be put on the 4th floor we had a 5 month baby with us and loads of luggage and theres no lifts. I was in total shock to see the room damp patches all over the ceiling,dirty bedding, and the bathroom stunk of urine and wasnt fit to use. Not only that at 4.20am there was water leaking from the ceiling if i never had my children with me i would of left straight away honestly avoid do not book to stay here i never slept a wink i ended up sitting in a chair all night and my baby slept in her pushchair ended up leaving at 5 am place needs closing down its a dive.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or10-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague,"False advertising, no one ever answers the phone and no replies to emails!!   I booked through booking.com who “advertised” as one of their top London hotels! I could either pay £41 upfront or £51 to pay on day of checking in, 5 minutes after booking I received an email saying I would be charged £51 straight away otherwise my booking wouldn’t be confirmed,  After 45 mins calling the hotel 28 times there was no answer, I sent an email (which I STILL haven’t had a reply)   Contacted booking.com directly who told me trust there was nothing they could do and if I cancelled I would still be charged £51.   I have contacted my bank to explain situation and they have blocked the payment from coming out!!   Absolutely shocking!!  I have now booked a hotel through Expedia who have been…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or10-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AVOID! Read reviews before booking!,"Checked in to the hotel to find damp patches on the ceiling with paint falling away, the bed was dirty and the carpet was stained. Not only was the room outdated, it was not clean and totally unfit for purpose. I cannot stress how much I would not recommend staying here! Checked out and asked for full refund immediately, which they did oblige.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or10-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","One night in a dingy, smelly, unclean unfit for purpose room","The room (104) was not as advertised. It had no way of allowing natural light into the room. It was unclean had no toiletries and badly fitted doors, of which I am sure would break every health and safety fire regualtion. The bathroom had a flimsy bolt lock to a dirty rooftop area, poor security.  No one on reception (even though it said there would be someone there between 10 and 5 monday to friday. No basics in the rooms, no table with a chair and a TV that didn't work. When I asked if there was a table, I was told I could use a bedside table to work on, hilarious. The smell and noise coming from whoever lived downstairs (at 3am) also added to the bonus of the cracked window pains and a disgusting sight onto the roof which looked filthy.  Do not book at this horrid place.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or15-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",HAVEN'T STAYED YET....BUT!,"I booked this hotel through Booking.com and I need to change the dates due to unforeseen Circumstances.  I don't want to cancel, just move the dates.  HOWEVER, i will pay anyone £20 if they can contact the hotel via the Phone or Email AND RECEIVE A REPLY!  I have called the hotel 28 times with NO ANSWER.  I have emailed them direct and through booking.com 6 times with NO ANSWER.  It is impossible to get hold of anyone in the hotel (short of walking through the door, which I don't want to do until I am staying there).  Absolutely Ridiculous!  I would say AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or15-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Speechless,"Well... I’m sad that I didn’t visit tripadvisor before we came in here! This hotel is your worst nightmare. When we got inside the stink of mildew was overwhelming. It looks old and dirty. We got in our room and there’s no air conditioning whatsoever. Our beds were like boxes at least the sheets were clean. The room itself was untidy. We didn’t feel safe because the door didn’t lock properly and the front door is held open 24/7. Also you can see the huge cap down of our door in the picture. In the night I heard something scratching in our little garbage bin. I was terrified to death and too scared to look inside. I assume it was a cockroach or some other “cute” pet of the hotel. There were actually a mini TV and wifi that worked normally but, if you cannot sleep it’s not worth…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or15-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",So basic,"Because of illness location is the most important thing in booking a hotel. That is really the only good thing about this place. The hotel is extremely dated and very basic. There is no coffee making facilities in the room and no toiletries in the bathroom. 1 pane in the window was boarded up, the mirror on the wardrobe was broken and the overall decor is well below par. The bathtub was very small and did not feel safe showering. If you must be near Baker Street there are other choices and it would be worth paying a little more. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or15-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I Don't Recommend!,"The manager was not there a lot of the time to check into your room.   There is no wheelchair friendly rooms as my friend is disabled, so I didn't like that, but me and her were put on the first floor, so I can't complain too much about that. The room was dirty. The bathroom was tiny and also dirty. The bed isn't comfortable. I don't even think it gets clean as often as it should.  There is only one person running the whole hotel it seemed.  I DO NOT recommend this hotel. Stop in somewhere nicer in London. :)",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or15-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","If I could, I would've rated this ""hotel"" with a minus 10!!!",Worst hotel I've ever stayed at! Checked out after a few hours after we found another hotel much more suited! The bed wasn't actually a bed - it was two boxes on wheels pushed together with a mattress on top. The bathroom was dirty and there were no toiletries. We were promised a shower/tub combination and there was only a shower. Don't ever stay here! ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or20-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",you'll get ROBBED!,"Do not ever stay here if you can avoid it. My wife and I stayed here for a trip to London during late June. Firstly, the room was crap., No ventilation, no towels, no toilet paper, soap dirty walls, do the tile. Discussed and  do not ever stay here if you can avoid it. My wife and I stayed here for a trip to London during late June. Firstly, the room was crap., No ventilation, no towels, no toilet paper, dirty walls, dirty tile. Disgusting room! Also the rooms are NOTHING like the pictures. The bed is placed on two boxes on the floor and the mattress is so old and thin that we had to sleep the opposite direction or else we would have been sleeping right on top of the box spring.  We were robbed, presumably by the maids since according to the manager they are the only ones with…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or20-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",should have read the reviews before staying,"The hotel is located very close to lots of tourist attractions ,thats it the joy stops there, i usually read tripadvisor reviews before booking any place but i guess i missed this one. The smallest room ive ever stayed in , no hand soap , no shower gel,  The shower head was placed lower than my head , how is one supposed to take a shower and as if that wasn't enough there was mould in the shower cubicle.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or20-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid!!,"The reception area is very deceiving of what is yet to come!!  After being given our room, I can only describe it as a coverted store cupboard! (Room 102)  The bathroom was tiny and very dirty.  There was barely enough leg room to sit on the toilet!  The room itself is very dated with the wallpaper coming off the walls and dirt all over the windows. We turned the fan on and dust blew everywhere!!!  No view whatsoever other than garbage scattered all over and there are boxes piled everywhere in the reception area and as you come to the rooms!   We arrived back after a concert at 11.30pm to find the main door was unlocked and anybody could walk in! Felt very unsafe, so much so, we propped a chair up against the door through the night!   We are now looking into getting a refund…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or20-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",In a word - ‘ Don’t!’,"This is a hotel that nightmares are made of! Run down, seedy, and falling apart. When you step into the lobby, you are deceived that you may be getting what it says on the tin ‘a three star’ basic hotel. This couldn’t be any further from the truth.  The rooms are completely falling apart- ripped carpets, wallpaper, filthy furniture and walls and a bed with no headboard. Not sure how the owners get away with allowing this to be run- it’s needs to be shut down. One of the worst hotels I have stayed in. I felt really unsafe here- the front door is open 24/7 and the doors do not adequately lock. Shameful!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or20-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Overpriced and crappy room,"Was charged £90 for this place. The place is basically falling apart. The double bed barely fits wall to wall, that's how small the room is. I have yet to see any of the features that the hotel states it has. There's not even a bar or restaurant, and you're not allowed to have and food in the ""lounge"". The lounge is literally 2 sofa's in a small space. It's not 24 hours reception, it's 10-5. Room didn't lock until I forced it. Carpet is ripping up, bed feels extremely cheap, the balcony looks very unsafe, I feel like I'm about to get burgled any minute. The toilet is so small I can barely sit on the toilet, the incredibly high ceiling is full of damp and mould spots. The TV has no channels, there are no plug sockets, the ""WiFi"" is awful, the window doesn't lock. I have been…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or25-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Needs a good overhaul!!!! Poor quality for a London Hotel,"Booked this hotel for an employee who is working at Taste of London in Regents Park - Booked a triple room - Dirty Toilet! Cracked mirror! all dirty around the sink and shower!  In general, do you really expect this in a hotel room?  NO - not room to swing a cat to be honest, so even though we paid £90 for one night, its a good job it was only one night, if it was more, i would have demanded money back - come on Somerset Hotel, spend a bit of money and do a bit of DIY in your rooms!",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or25-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague.,"Easily the worst 'hotel' I have ever had the misfortune of staying in. It mentions safety in the description. Miss-selling is an understatement. The front door had no locking mechanism leaving the premises open to anyone. Furthermore the desk was not once attended whenever I passed by. When I pressed a bell for attention upon checking in, I was promptly told about about the ""back in 15 mins"" sign placed on the desk. Welcome to the hotel!  The room. Well. Stained damp ceiling, musty smell, ill-fitting cheap curtains. No air con. Rotten window frames and terrible street noise. A slope in the room so bad it was a small miracle I awoke in the same place (and a miracle I got all of two hours' sleep). Dirty toilet. Bath panels missing. No soap. No drinks facilities. The fan on offer…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or25-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"We arrived to find the hotel had no record of our booking. I say “hotel”, it’s more like a hostel. We were eventually given a room that had fewer beds than we paid for and the receptionist refused to do anything about it. The room was very poor - peeling paint, screws sticking out the wall, no soap, no tea or coffee, the curtains don’t open, the door doesn’t shut properly, the beds were lumpy and among the worst I have slept on. There is no tv in the bedroom, either. The rest of the hotel looks like it’s undergoing renovation (I hope) with ladders, paint and materials blocking corridors, but I didn’t see anyone actually working. Everything was awful and I would recommend avoiding at all costs!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or25-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A rustic little gem in the heart of London,"Upon arrival my wife and I were immediately impressed at the lovely lobby area, which had an olde world feel. The man at reception, an Asian gentleman  (I’m afraid I didn’t catch your name) was eventually very friendly, after being slightly grumpy to start with due to a mix up with the rooms. However he managed to find our room and allowed us to stay in the lobby for the hour he was sorting it out. We all laughed about it afterwards - it can be a thankless task! -  and he showed us to our room.   The room with its black painted walls had a period feel, like stepping back in time to the fifties, which we love. A Kettle and tea and coffee was provided which is just as well as we were parched! There was no iron in the room, but after asking reception a couple of times one was…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or25-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Room and Service,"This is most definately a hotel you should miss. The might just pass muster but it is just a room. You will receive a fresh when you ask but service is the very minimum - no soap, shampoo, coffee etc.  If you are on the top floor then you need to quite fit and healthy as there is no lift or assistance with luggage. The staff are friendly, but then they should be after taking your money (Eighty Quid a Night Phew)",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or30-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Was suitable for a one night stay,"The staff are really friendly at the hotel and the reception area is very lovely with lots of period pieces.  The bedroom was all right for one night although it was freezing cold (no heating on).  Bed was comfortable enough.  The double glazing slide door/window was a bit broken, the carpet was pulled back by the bathroom as it kept catching every time I opened the bathroom door.  Every time I ran a tap or flushed the loo (and every time anyone else did in the vicinity) there was a dreadful noise.  I think there were some improvements taking place in a room above as I could hear drilling up to about 7.30pm (a bit late to be doing refurbishments, in my opinion).  Shower was okay.  No lock or handle on inside of bathroom so it couldn't be closed.  It served its' purpose for a one…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or30-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid,The hotel is extremely rundown. The room was dirty and smelt of damp. The toilet bowl wasn’t secure to the floor. The ceiling was badly marked from water damage and had a crack across it. The carpet felt sticky. The reception appeared unattended most of the time. It was relatively cheap but that’s the only positive I can think of. Worth paying a bit more for somewhere else. ,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or30-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Hostel maybe, not hotel","great staff, the people were really ok. I did the mistake of booking on a national website and not reading the reviews on tripadvisor. Yes the location is really great for a tourist, with easy acces to the London Subway, a lot of places to eat around and a tesco express.  But that is it. I will let the pictures speak for themselves . Yes we had hot water, the bathroom was cleaner than the room. I really hope they are updating.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or30-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Don’t book here,"Absolutely terrible it said it had 3 stars it didn’t even deserve 1! It looked like a dos house, I didn’t feel safe.  It was old and dirty and nothing like the pictures advertised on hotels.com.  I booked another hotel and left.  I am not a person who normally complains about anything, and only writing this so no one else gets caught out like I did.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or30-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Edwards,"PLEASE please don't stop here. Awful place, dirty, unkept, manager doesnt have a clue what he's doing. Worst place on earth. We were up in the eaves, no offer to carry our cases, got to our room. Dirty, toilet broken and brown, rust all around the bath. Ceiling in the bedroom all waterstained. Plugs dont work. Just a horrible place to stay.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or35-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Shambles,"Reviews don't lie. This hotel is an absolute shambles.  My boyfriend booked the room through booking without reading the reviews and was misled by the nice photos. Well, considering the reviews below we've actually been lucky with the room. It was clean (apart from the shower curtain that was just disgusting). But the condition of the room was absolutely embarrassing. Our ceiling was all black from an old leak. Painting was scrapped out, both in the bedroom and inside the toilet. Mattress was about 100 years old and could feel the springs in my back (not to mention we were on two different levels in the same double bed!)  As this wasn't enough already, someone entered in our room and knocked my make up on the floor, destroying some stuff. No apologies, no compensation.  Worst…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or35-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Clean but in need of some maintenance,"This room was booked for price and location. Although it was clean, the facilities were very basic - no tea/coffee, no bin, few plug sockets. The curtain rail was narrower than the window so I had to improvise to retain my privacy. The tv was very small.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or35-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Will not return in a million lifetimes.,"When entering the hotel one would expect to be greeted by at least the receptionist but at this hotel, receptionists are so 2018! Cause he/she is never seen. The room was for 5 people having only 1 wardrobe and 2 drawers for storage and 3 (barely working) electrical sockets. Two of which where broken and where not fitted in the wall. The room was not presentable let alone to be of use by guests. Ceiling stained as it looks like it has absorbed water and paint is starting to wear off and the wall had a hole in it. The bathroom was the WORST. As seen in the picture it is crying for a refurbishment. No handle on the door and does not lock properly. One must add that we found insects on the floor. Water was mostly cold as water heater did not work properly. The windows are very very…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or35-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap but poor quality,"Stayed here with 3 others for one night. Got there and no one was on reception but rang the bell and was checked in. Went to see our room and it looked nothing like the photos online. The windows were broken, there was a hole in the wall by the bed, beds felt slanted to lay on, no lock on the bathroom door and the bathroom wasn’t particularly clean. However the sheets seemed clean enough other than finding multiple black hairs in them.   Raised our issues about cleanliness (as all the broken things didn’t matter too much as was only staying one night) with the person checking us in and they said they’d get someone to speak to us. The second person spoke to us (who I assume was the manager) and we were told there was nothing he could do “we could leave if we didn’t like the room”…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or35-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Worst nights sleep I have ever had - filthy, dirty place",It was terrible from start to finish. The man who checked us in was incredibly rude and not at all friendly.  The room itself was absolutely disgusting. I have never seen anything like this in my life. I felt dirty every time I touched something. It was made worse by finding someone else’s toenail on the floor.  Because I was on my own I stayed one night and felt very unsafe and checked out first thing in the morning though I was due to stay two nights. The man who checked us out did not even quibble and gave me my money back for the following night so this clearly happens often. There was no apologies for poor housekeeping or anything like that. I have learnt from this experience to go by reviews from booking.com. I hadn’t expected much but had expected a little more that was…,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or40-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst Place EVER!!,"We arrived for a 2 night stop, we was able to leave our bags in the luggage room to which they took we wasn't allowed to do it ourselves. We came back to check in later that day to be told that the key card system is down and only the master key worked to which we thought would be a actual key but we soon found out that wasn't the case and it was a key card which we thought was odd because it was still a key card they already put our luggage in our room. Once we got into the room we was shocked to find laughable unbelievable faults, firstly the door was hung wrong or it was because the floor dipped, we then went to the window and realised the pole and curtains was pissed up. The bathroom was disgusting the toilet wasn't clean and didn't flush properly also it was so close to the…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or40-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"The hotel was dirty our room smelt of cigarettes, The bathroom was disgusting and had mould around the bath, there was a leak coming from the ceiling which soaked one of the beds so we had to share a single. They painted around the wardrobe. TV didn't work.The window had to be wedged open with my book( which we had to do because it smelt so much of cigarettes) one of the windows were broken and boarded up with a piece of wood. No staff around to speak to not sure where they were hiding! the pictures they have put on there site must be borrowed from another hotel if you have booked I would cancel.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or40-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ultra basic but clean,"No soap or shampoo, no bottled water or glasses to drink, I tried the water it tasted bad. But, the room was clean and the staff friendly and fast after I made a last minute booking on booking.com 5 minutes before I arrived.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or40-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Somerset Hotel,London,  very poor","Room very basic, no tea/ coffee making facilities. No bottled water or even a glass! No hairdryer. Definitely no breakfast. Bathroom; limescale  in toilet bowl, sink tiny, basic shower, wood rotten around shower, tiles on floor broken and sticking up. Very odd set up, entered the bedroom through another room with a T.V on the wall and 2 dining chairs and nothing else in it! Our room was downstairs and I think it was next to the office, I could hear someone on the phone for over an hour! Sheets and towels clean. Tried to contact by phone and email as we would be arriving late, no reply to either! Front door was open when we arrived at midnight, no one in reception, someone came after we pressed a bell.Staff not very welcoming or friendly and didn’t ask if we’d enjoyed our stay…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or40-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Average, get what you pay for.","This was a cheap hotel, just off of Baker Street it was in a nice area with shops nearby! We got a good deal to stay here with a nice room and a good housekeeping service. The only problem was we had roadworks one night which caused a bit of bother to our sleeping. The reception desk isn’t manned very well you press a buzzer and someone appears but don’t try contacting in advance because they don’t answer the phone. ",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or45-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Terrible,"Checked in on Aug 8  and checkout on Aug.14. Only 2 days, i saw someone at the from desk. Room was never cleaned, bed linens were never changed. No phone in room. TV did not worked even thought the front desk said they will send someone. No fridge in room or coffee maker. The service at this hotel is terrible. For Americans , the hotel is even below the standard of a motel in th US. Will never stay here again. If u need help from hotel staff for info, STAY  SOMEWHERE ELSE, spend the few extra bucks",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or45-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Has benefits,"Lots to say against this place but the location, fan in room, okay bed, tv, friendly staff when u find them, price for london, makes it a worthwhile place to stay. I got used to it. If u r prepared to put up with aged decor, no lift and harried staff then this is for u.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or45-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",TERRIBLE WEEK STAY !!!,"this was the worst hotel me and my partner ever stayed in their was never anybody on reception had to leave our key in our room when we left as we were stood waiting ringing the bell at reception for over half an hour and we were going to miss our train, horrible room bed broken on arrival , small bathroom rust in bath and mold everywhere and in the evening we had  children running up and down till gone midnight and shouting to will never stay here again i suggest you don't either!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or45-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful,"Room was dirty, ceiling had water stain's and paper hanging down. Bathroom was disgustingly dirty with no soap or shower gel, bath was loose and there was 3 sheets of toilet role left. Power sockets didn't work, Bed was beyond uncomfortable. There was no lock on the main entrance to the building with no staff at reception, fire doors help open with fire extinguishers. Windows in the room would not open and no extractor fan in the bathroom. There was no kettle or any method of making a hot drink which was made worse by the fact that there was no facilities on site fora drink or food. To call this a hotel must be a breach of trading standards. avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or45-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",The roof was caved in...,"So where to begin, well first of all it took about 10 minutes for us to be greeted, the guy was polite at least. We paid for our room and went upstairs. The room was an oven at 4pm on a 25 degree day in London, there were no fans. We then made the mistake of opening the curtains to see cracked windows and a few boarded up panes - the curtains were hastily redrawn and did not fall down. They didn't close properly, but they did not fall down.   The same could not be said for the bathroom ceiling... this had a large crack running almost the length of the bathroom and well, let's just say we could see space above the ceiling. At this point the child with us began to freak out (understandably) and we began cursing ourselves for listening to the nice reviews. DO NOT LISTEN TO THE NICE…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or50-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",At least the roof didnt cave in.,"Well what can i say. The truth, thats what i can say.  I walked in to what seemed a clean hotel only to be greeted to a staffless reception. After around 5 minutes someone eventually found there way to the desk where i paid and was handed my room key. To be fair to him he was polite.   Upon entering the room i started to notice things didnt look right. Windows were cracked, the roof looked leaky and stained. While opening the drawes we found old clothes from another stay along with old fruit under 1 of the beds.   The shower room had no lock on it with tiles under the shower broken. The shower had no soap or other basic things you would get from any where else. The mirrors were smudged but the toilet was clean.   It was when 1am rolled round when we realised there was no air con…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or50-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AVOID - I Found tomatoes under my mattress!,"Appalling, unclean, the toilet smelt disgusting and I found Tomatoes under my mattress! There was old clothes left behind and the walls felt like they were made of cardboard, you can literally hear whats going on next door. Good selection of television channels. No one at the desk. Would rather sleep on a park bench quite frankly.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or50-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AVOID ,If at all possible avoid this hotel at all cost a hostel is in better condition than this place no wifi in the room the place is a fire Hazard health and safety should visit this place and close it with immediate effect there is no tea facilities in the room and that they don't even have ITV or BBC on the TV considering that they are in the UK anyone have common sense please a v o i d displace as much as possible,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or50-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",avoid at all costs,"Awful place. Don't know how photographer managed to get such good photos.  Tatty, disgusting, strange smell. The only positive is the location. Do not stay here as no matter how cheap the price it's still too expensive",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or50-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",If 0/5 was an option I'd give it that,Unclean - makes it so uncomfortable.  Gross bedding - duvets were really old and stained/discoloured. No mattress protectors. No tea/coffee or kettle even.  No breakfast No wifi You get your daily exercise with the amount of stairs you have to climb,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or55-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Pictures are very misleading. Reception area in middle of refurbishment. Fireplace ripped out, bit of wooden flooring missing, painting required. Room was decorated a little haphazardly with paint drips visible here and there. Bathroom pokey with very narrow access to toilet. Bath has seen better days. The only thing going for it is it's cheap and location is good.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or55-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","DO NOT VISIT THIS ""HOTEL"" !!!","I booked this through Booking.com for 3 nights and the pictures on the site showed a completely different room. These pictures which are included are of what greeted me when I checked in. The receptionist is rude and blatantly lying to our faces, saying the hotel has no control over what goes to their Booking.com profile. After speaking with two Booking.com reps, it was confirmed that each establishment uploads photos and manages their profile. This place is ridiculous and overpriced for the rubbish you would be getting. Please avoid!!",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or55-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Get what you pay for.,"This is London! Paying 45 quid for a room then I know it's going to be basic! As we were going to the Royal Haymarket Theatre, we knew we need a place to sleep before our coach the next day.  The guy who served us was friendly and straight to the point, the room was basic but had an ensuite which is a step.up from other hotels.   You're literally around the corner from the tube station or.if you fancy a nice walk, you're 40 minutes from Victoria Coach station.   The rooms  (hotel in general) is a working progress but again. Had everything we need for a cheap stay in London. ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or55-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Poor hotel but cheap and not as advertised,"Contrary to information, there is no accessible room (no ground floor) and I was given 3rd floor despite asking for accessible. They changed it to a floor down and tiny room. Breakfast was - if you decided you wanted some - via some kind of agreement with a neighbouring place as renos were going on in the dining area of the hotel (this was not indicated on booking). Bathroom door didn't close. Run down place. Location good for access to London and the hospital where I was going. No one at reception when I arrived.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or55-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",One night to enjoy the theatre.,This room cost 45 pounds for two for the night. Therefore my expectations were not high. If you're paying so little for a hotel room in London then you can't expect much.  It was ideal for what we wanted. We needed somewhere to stay just for the night. Close to the tube to get the ten minutes to Piccadilly circus where the Play was. The room was an adequate size for the night. The view horrific onto a tip site on the roof but night time who cares! It was okay in cleanliness. The tv worked great. The bathroom was small bit again for the two of us it was adequate. The bathroom was a disgrace but fortunately we didn't need to use the facilities.  The management photos make the hotel look nicer than what it is. It's a 2 star hotel at the most. But for the price my sister and I can't…,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or60-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting,"We booked this hotel for a family weekend trip to London location great , but Hotel was a disaster we walked in it was a building site paper off the walls rubbish just left on stairs and landings the  wooden floor in reception was a trip hazzard. The man on reception could not speak much english and could not understand our concerns the rooms were a disgrace dirty bathrooms stained toilets mouldy shower curtains. Curtains that did not fit the windows .No tea coffee in rooms  no breakfast or dining room .Please avoid",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or60-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok for one nighy,"Ok, maybe it would be best to start with the positives:  * great location * friendly staff  * comfortable & warm bed  Other than that, there isn’t much I can say to recommend this hotel. It’s in the middle of a refurbishment, which is reflected in the price for the room; £35 for a single room for one night. I don’t think the work has progressed any further than the lobbed. The rooms are in dire need of some TLC, lick of paint, a deep clean & new fixtures/ furniture.   Overall is was a comfortable, convenient stay, although the rooms need some work. I wouldn’t be in a hurry to stay here again, however at the price, for an impromptu night stay in London, I’m certainly not complaining. ",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or60-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Good value for money, ignore the negative reviews","Friendly staff, just ring the bell and they'll always be around Comfortable, safe room with key card access  Great location, just a 3 minute walk from Baker Street underground, with access from there to the rest of the London A few aesthetic improvements could be made as they have unfinished paint/wallpaper during their renovations, however this did not at all affect our stay and is no reason for complaint Ignore the reviews from those expecting to stay at the Ritz- this hotel cost half the price of a Travelodge and offered just as much hospitality! Would definitely stay again!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or60-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Mouldy construction site:/ good location,The location is great. You can walk everywhere. But the hotel is really trashy even for English standard. The lamp was hanging loose. Lock to the toilet broken. And mould in the shower. For Swedish standard this is a 1 of 5. Really trashy but in English standard 2 of 5.  We paid 200 £ for a room 3 nights. If you gonna have a shower don’t forget to have the heat on (element) . If it’s not on the shower water not gonna be warm. ,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or60-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Dirty dump ,This has to be the worse excuse for a hotel the room was filthy only we arrived late with 2 small kids and they was wrecked we would have found some were else I sat awake all night didn't feel safe age was so dirty I was wiping everything with wipes before kids touched it woulndt even have a shower in it was that bad bed u sat on it and was nearly on the floor the toilet was manky dints and homes in all walls the dirt on skirting boards theve never been clean don't waste your money here ,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or65-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disaster,"My family and strongly recommend that you never use this hotel. We turned up early in the morning and was greeted by building work. The receptionist spoke little English and could barely understand us. We checked our bags in and then left to enjoy the show gets of London. On our return we were told we had to pay in for our rooms (in advance).  We did so and then went to our separate rooms.  They were awful. They smelt of damp, faulty toilets, bathroom ceiling damp and collapsing, ceilings showers no evidence sold damp, broken windows with wood to fill in holes, mould around window frames. The list is endless.Photos attached.  We complained and were promised that the manager would come and see us but that never happened.  Please avoid this building at all costs. ",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or65-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"I booked this Hotel coz it was the cheapest I could find . That should've set alarm bells ringing. The photos I seen must have been of a different hotel because our room was nothing like this. The guy on reception didn't seem to know much at all. Asked about paying for parking, he said there was a machine outside. No machine so paid via my phone. No lift in the property so had to climb 3 flights of stairs to the room. Now for the good part. The room was absolutely disgusting. The bathroom had more limescale than a Welsh cave. The toilet moved when sat on. The extractor fan didn't work. The bath panel was missing, the toilet was filthy. The door to the room didn't lock from the inside . I had to wedge a chair underneath to keep safe. My son had an electric shock from a light…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or65-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",not great,"i booked this hotel based om the location and it was only £45 for a room so i wasnt expecting much. i read the reviews after i booked and honestly even though it is super cheap and in a decent location i probably still wouldn't recommend it. i have no idea where the management have got those pictures from, our room was drab and grey with wallpaper coming off the walls, a cracked window and big yellow stains on the ceiling. the bathroom was small with broken tiles as well. overall the room was clean enough to sleep in for the one night that we stayed although i wouldn't have been impressed if we were staying much longer. the staff member we met on reception was lovely and couldn't fault his customer service but the whole hotel needs work ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or65-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Location was the best thing about it,"My boyfriend and I stayed here when we went to a gig in December. The hotel was in a great location, right near the Baker St tube stop and only about 25 minutes walk to Oxford Circus.  However, the room was painted with dark walls and there was a severe lack of natural light. The television was tiny and had no remote, the shower kept running cold, there was only two plug sockets behind the wardrobe and the bathroom was very tired looking. But was fine for the short stay we visited, and the room was not expensive.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or65-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Somerset Hell,"After arriving in London for a weekend with friends, we had booked into Somerset Hotel for around £55 per night. Given the area and timing of the weekend (Christmas season) we knew this was a bargain and didn’t have high hopes - despite some promising photos on their website.   Upon arrival, we were greeted at reception with a very easy check in. As we made our way to our room on the second floor, we quickly realised this was more Fawlty Towers than Travelodge. Outside our room was various bags of rubbish and cleaning equipment, with a hoover plugged in half way down the stairs as well as various boxes. The room next door to us also had a door which, seemingly, seemed to be damaged / kicked in. There was also a room which had it’s door wide open and seemed to be an area where…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or70-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Horrible and it's no Hotel at all! Needs to shut!,"£166 for a night with my kids (for that area the best price) but arrived and quickly realized it was the most disgusting place to stay in london! We arrived, there was still luggage in the room. Checkt the beds (puked almost) bathroom was a moldy stinky s***hole! I've never seen such a filthy shower. They probably have no staff to clean the rooms! The worst thing was the security, not because the doors weren't locked at all more because the windows were broke and one window just felt!!!!! on my bed! So lucky it didn't hit my child which sat on there otherwise I would have sued them in the worst way! This place needs to be shut! I have bites all over my body I really don't want to know what was in the beds! It was cold as I couldn't shut the windows after opened it. The shower…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or70-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Hotel of horror,"We arrived late on Friday evening, we knew exactly where the hotel was as we had visited 3 years previous. Well it has defiantly gone down hill since then. We arrived to an empty reception desk, we rang a bell and eventually a man appeared, we checked in and were given the same room as previous visit, amazing we thought.  However it was not how we had once found it. A room for 6, with only 5 pillows, which was sorted straight away. Then I opened the bathroom door and was greeted with a horrendous smell of sewerage and mould. The bathroom ceiling was plastered in mould and the extractor fan was not working. We opened the cupboard to find 3 hangers over 2 cupboards for 6 of us!!!! Really!!!! As by now it was midnight, we decided to get some sleep. A very noisy night, due to old…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or70-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not as bad as I thought,We needed a couple of cheap en suite rooms for our trip to Wembley. We got what we paid for. The hotel is being refurbished so the communal areas are in a bit of turmoil. The rooms were basic but clean with no frills. I didn't find it as bad as some of the previous reviews.,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or70-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AWFUL DREADFUL SMELLY,"where do i start, my husband and i stayed in this hotel 18 years ago, and stayed in a family room and it was very good and clean, it had a lovely cafe and all was good, 18 years later, oh dear what a dive, entrance dusty and messy full of boxes with baby equipment, floors damaged in reception i tripped and nearly fell, hardly ever anyone at reception desk, claims to have free wi fi but does not work in rooms, no tea making facility had to ask for kettle and cups,they had to go out and buy us a kettle,the carpet was dirty, curtains hanging off the rails,small bath room so dirty the toilet was all brown at the bottom no plug for bath, toilet seat flew off when you sat on it, skirting boards filthy windows so dirty muck under furniture, radiator pipes leaking and botched up, damp…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or70-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very poor indeed!,"If you're looking to get no sleep, here every noise, have a cold shower and sleep in a dust filled room, this is the place for you!   Bathroom: the side of the bath was missing, the toilet smelt and wasn't clean, there was no soap at all, no hot water either. The shower rail was held up with string on the vent that didn't work, meaning that everything was damp.  Beds: Very uncomfortable and only one very flat pillow, tons of dust on the lamps above the beds  There was also a huge gap under the door into the room, at least 5cm, which means there was always light coming through and you could literally hear everything in the corridor.  The place is not soundproof at all. At 3am we were loudly woken up by the room in the hallway opposite. They could have been in our room it was so…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or75-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Do not go to this so-called hotel,"It should not be called a hotel - rather a hostel - even then that's an insult to some hostels.  The room was disgusting - curtains from the 1970s with rips in, windows were rotten, bathroom awful - looked like it was just 'added' to the room... toilet was like the one my mum had in the 70s/80s - shower - well I don't want to say a thing...as for the bed - terrible. I now have awful back ache.  it was noisy - probably because the windows were so bad...try getting them fixed, and being a central London location, double glazed perhaps? The arrogance of the owners is beyond me...just because it is central London and cheap does not mean you should keep the place like this. Totally disgusting. I don't care how cheap it was - it was disgusting.  folk - don't do it - if you need a room…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or75-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Budget Travelers with No Frills,"If you are looking for somewhere to get the basics and on a budget, this hotel will work for you. It's close to public transportation that made it easy to get where we wanted to visit. Rooms were a bit dirty and we had to leave the window open most of the time. Not fancy, but you can make it work.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or75-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I thought it was a joke,"This was my second time in this hotel and it was awful. The window is kept open from a piece of wood, so any kind of animal (mice) can go inside the room at any time. As the window is open day and night, during the night we were freezing because there was wind that came from outside. Out from our room there was other's people garbage and all the dirty bed sheets and bath towels were pile up on the floor. The curtains were dirty, the carpet for God's sake! There is no reception even though there is written that the reception service is available from 10.30 am to 5.30pm. No one was there. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or75-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DISGUSTING and DISAPPOINTING,"Our hotel experience just went from bad to worse!  When we first arrived we were early and asked if they could put our bags into storage, we were led down a dingy dark corridor to a bedroom that had clearly been used and stank where it hadn't been cleaned, we asked to use the bathroom and I wished we hadn't! The bathroom was disgusting, covered in hair and soaking wet. When we came back to change for the evening we were graced with our room and it was disgusting!! There were hairs in our threadbare bedding, there were clumps of hair dotted around the room, it looked like 2 women had had a cat fight there was so much hair!! We even found clumps stuffed down the back of the radiator! The main window had 3 smashed panes, 2 were boarded up and 1 was taped, not exactly safe! The bed…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or75-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Looks a like a brothel,"I booked this hotel because Adele was (supposed to be) playing and this hotel was fairly cheap. I thought I would ignore the reviews because I have previously stayed in many hostels so thought this couldn't be that bad. We arrived after a few drinks, expecting the worst and this hotel delivered- I should have had more to drink.   One thing to say, don't stay here. I'd rather camp in a park.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or80-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"Our twin room was on the very top floor, no lift so we had to lug our bags up several flights of stairs. The room was dilapidated at best, with 1940's utility furniture that was cheap and nasty (not retro cool as in some hotels). Hottest weekend of the year with no air conditioning, we literally could not breathe at night. The room and bathroom were in desperate need of a very deep clean, cobwebs hanging off the walls and thick piles of dust gathered around the radiator, anything that could not be moved is obviously given a quick hoover around. The windows have not been cleaned for years and are thick with grime, the curtains don't fit properly with wide gaps at either end allowing light in throughout the night. Worst of all was the bathroom - a tired shower curtain hung down…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or80-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Non Event,Booked this through booking.com and had a few questions. Tried to email the hotel (via booking.com as instructed) and got the reply that I had to contact hotel direct. Tried ringing at all different times over a few days and never even once was the phone picked up. This all seems well dodgy to me. Have cancelled now and am cutting my losses.,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or80-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Recommended for a budget plan with good location,"Hotel service is good and cooperative, price is cheaper amazingly for the location. Yes, its noisy but better than staying in dormitory. We did not try any breakfast or tea coffee so dont know about it. Room was clean and okay for staying one or two nights.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or80-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Totally not recommended ,"Everything is about to fall apart, beds are uncomfortable and broken, toilets make noise I don't know what and seems to be broken from everywhere, no hair dryer, no kettle. Booked three beds and I found only two and the pictures are totally misleading.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or80-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Letdown,"Good thing about the hotel was when we arrived early before the check in time we were able to keep our bags free in the hotel and the location was good, near the tube. Rooms were dirty and didn't look anything like the pictures on the website. There was no soap and when we asked for it from the staff, it never came. Keycards had to be recharged every day, like the staff didn't know at all how long we had booked the room for. There was no coffee machine available. One day after the cleaning had been done in our room, our door wasn't locked!!!! When i told the staff about it, he just winked his eye and said he would tell about it to the cleaner....",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or85-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Only if booking at last moment and want a room in central location,"Permanent repairs, working tools and materials are all over the hotel. Terrible condition of the room, mold on the walls. Beds are literally breaking apart, sheets were not changed for a week we were there, mattresses underneath are filthy. Extra tiny TV, I think it was 14"". Tiny bathroom, actually it was a part of the room enclosed with some cardboard walls. Cannot lock the door to the bathroom. The reception at lobby was permanently empty. We arrived by 21:00 (sent e-mails about late arrival a week before), had to wait a hour in lobby with kids and to call booking.com to find somebody to check us in. Huge windows, but it's impossible to open them to get some ventilation. No air conditioner. A weak WiFi only in lobby. No elevator.  Great location, two subway and one national…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or85-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A total disaster,Stayed at this hotel for one night only as I needed to find a place close Baker Street  Though centrally located  It is a poorly managed show  Shabby and shoddy are just some words to describe the place  The family room was large but not at  all well light dark and dingy  The bathroom flush was out of order  We left first thing in the morning  I would not recommend this place to anyone whatsoever,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or85-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Got turfed out with my four year old Daughter as my room had been double booked.,"I stayed here last week with my friend and daughter.  I asked if they still did a free breakfast they said no due to lack of demand even though it was advertised on the hotel door. Also there was no phone for the hotel reception which was quite frustrating just the managers mobile. Anyway we booked in for a couple of nights they brought some tea making facilities to our room and my friend was  told we had to share the powdered milk, they must have taken that from the machine downstairs because when I got a cappuchino from the machine it was black. I booked another three nights at reception for a double room. This seemed not bad until I saw the mattress ,the sheet had come away from the bed and it was bobbly with lots of hairs stuck in it and spilt red wine. There was also lots…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or85-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Overpriced and badly in need of repairs,"Stayed here the night before surgery at a hospital round the corner.  Dark and dingy room, with a bathroom plonked in it which just about fitted a toilet next to the bath.  Taps were hanging off and no hand soap.  Would highly recommend that you DO NOT stay here.  Completely overpriced and nothing positive to say at all.  How this hotel manages to pass any inspections that must be necessary is beyond me.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or85-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Somerset Hotel - DO NOT RECOMMEND,No facilities ie no soap to wash hands in bathroom/no hairdryer/phone was not working/no drink facilities.  Limescale in toilet.  Asked reception for a hot drink and they said their kettle was broken even though they had a bar and restaurant on site.  Poor quality furnishings.  Christmas decoration taken down but left in box in reception on view in mid January.  Paid for WIFI but none available.  Noisy neighbours so complained.  DO NOT RECOMMEND and would never stay again.  Worse hotel I have EVER stayed in.,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or90-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel with bed bugs!,"As we wanted to check-in everything seemed to be fine. But as we looked at our room it was just horrible, the radiator wasn't working properly. So we decided to change the room. Luckily they had enough free rooms. So we changed the room, the second room seemed to be fine and it was even a bigger room option. But then during the night we could see bed bugs. They were everywhere. The cleanliness is just horrible and the hotel is very old. So for the last night we changed our room again and then luckily the third room was fine. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone, it's just horrible. The only good thing about it, is the lcation.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or90-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disappointing central London stay,"I struggled booking one of my usual central London hotels so had a look at the photos and thought I'd give this one a go...disappointed to report that the photos are nothing at all like the room that was allocated to me. I paid £122.50 for a weekday in September and expected a better standard, i won't be staying here again.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or90-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Really? How much? For that?,"I booked this hotel last minute, and it felt like the last room in London on booking.com  It cost me 133.00 for one night. The room was dire. Signs of ancient black mould in the bath, damp hardboard bath sides, a door that looked like it was lined up for the axe scene in 'The Shining'. The bed: I could feel every individual spring, and whenever I moved, the bed made a noise. The TV remote had the back off and a single battery in it. I was grateful to be safe and warm and dry on a cold night, and the sheets were clean, but this hotel really is tired, tired, tired and needs some TLC and attention. The staff were perfectly lovely, but the quality of the building, and in particular the room, were a massive disappointment. There were no soaps, no shampoos, no tea making facilities,…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or90-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not as advertised ,"Careful when booking this one. Free wifi only exists in the lobby. The rooms need some work! Our first room had the window held in place with masking tape. It was on the first floor.  Poor mattresses. No soaps shampoo etc. Ceiling peeling, carpet coming up. One towel for the whole room. Not cheap either! Never saw anyone at the desk in the lobby except when we rang the bell to check and check out. No restaurant or bar even though the sign says its downstairs. No safe, no phone in rooms. Other than the location is great I wouldn't recommend.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or90-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent Location & value for stay hotel!,"Somerset Hotel is value for stay hotel at a stone throws distance from Bakers Street, Marylebone underground metro station. Whats makes this hotel value for money, is its distance from Madame Tussauds & Lords Cricket Stadium.  Hotel is a budget hotel where you can safely keep your luggage, go around London for whole day & come back in to relax at night. Hotel is very well connected to Central London & major attractions in London.  Do not expect much amenities, room services at the hotel but a decent stay with big rooms, clean bedsheets, linen & bathrooms. Free wifi is available only in the lobby & paid internet in the rooms.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or95-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",One Off Visit,"Budget hotel between Baker Street and Marlyebone Stations, so from that point Of view the west end is within easy reach. This hotel really does need an overhaul, as it appears that it has been allowed to slide Downwards with regards to any improvements being made. Ok for one night stay, but for longer ??",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or95-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Horrendous!,"Music playing until 2.30 am, so loud in our room it was difficult to have a conversation never mind sleep! No breakfast or hot drinks available as they were still clearing up from the party, bathroom was appalling, couldn't use the shower, toilet seat was broken, sink had a 2' gap between basin and pedestal, would never stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or95-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Don't be put off,"I booked this without looking at the reviews. I'm glad I did because I would have been put off. You pay for what You get. A no frills bed for the night or week. It's in an excellent position for staying in London for whatever reason. A couple of minutes from the tube, Madame Tussauds, Baker Street and a few more minutes to a Regents park, you wouldn't believe you were in London. A lovely walk to Camden market. On arriving early, we were able to leave our bags in a safe place and go into the city. The staff were great, explaining about the hotel and where the room was. There is not a lift. Our bags were brought up to us and as there is not air conditioning, a fan was offered. Much better then air con. No tea or coffee in the room. The restaurant is being refitted, so another…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or95-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Basic hotel but great location,"Grand old terraced house turned into a hotel on a budget. Bathroom must have been fitted by a couple of blind drunk monkeys. On a Friday afternoon. There's no excuse to save £20 on basic stuff like the door jamb (random piece of wood nailed to the side of the door) and then put a nice bathroom floor in.... Location is great - beside Baker Street station - and on a fairly busy road, but no real issues with traffic noise. Could do with a bit more attention to detail with the hoover (lots of dust on the plugs and skirting) but the bathroom was clean.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or95-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location for a budget hotel,"Great basic hotel for a few nights inLondon, walking diatance from Oxford street for some serious shopping. Bathroom is small and renovated shoddily but is clean and there is hot water. If possible book room 211. It's I the first floor and the wifi for the lobby reaches the room. I'm unsure if there actually is free breakfast there is conflicting signs around the building, a price list for a cooked breakfast at the lobby, a sign by the front door that the kitchen is under renovation and no breakfast will be served...  No aircon and the room is really stuffy because the window cannot be opened but the is a box fan that is at least cooling the s would only be a problem in summer.   I haven't had any problems of noise from the street or other guests. Nice front desk staff, friendly…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or100-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",VFM Hitel,"Value for money hotel ,Good location , near metro bus supermarket, the hotel himself old neglected and must be renovate, also very bad smell from bathroom but if you looking for hotel only to put your had after long day , its enough. Staff was helpful and very friendly. If expectation from the hotel are not high, you won't be disappointed so much",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or100-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Great location, but bare bones hotel","My best friends and our kids stayed at this hotel 2 weeks ago. We weren't expecting the Ritz or anything, but this place was really, really basic. First of all, no lift/elevator. We were on the 3rd floor and had to lug 50 lb bags up 3 flights of stairs. Second, no AC in an incredibly stuffy room. I know it's England, and not a lot of people have the need for AC, but it was so hot we started feeling ill. Third, I was nearly electrocuted by trying to plug in the hairdryer. Thankfully the surge tripped the breaker and I was not hurt. We rented a car on our 3rd day in London so we could go outside the city to see the sights. Upon asking the concierge if he knew of any close parking lots or garages, he had no clue. We found one 2 or 3 blocks away but it was £45 for overnight parking.…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or100-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",2 night stay. Decent,Stayed here for two nights to watch the Army vs Navy rugby match at Twickenham. Very central location just around the corner from Baker Street tube station. Room very cramped for four people so they gave us a second room for no charge. They were sitting empty..probably not the norm. Some confusion over breakfast.  Was told it cost three pound fairly reasonable but on the wall of the room it said breakfast is free. No major issue. We paid the 3 quid. Really lazy excuse for a breakfast. Toast and already boiled eggs. Poor show,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or100-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Very friendly on reception, but that's where it ends! Shabby (falling apart) toilet hanging off wall, curtain rail hanging off wall. A bath only Peter Dinklage could fit into, massive gap under door, stains all over and a cracked window! And it stunk of cigarette smoke! But for £60 a night just off Baker Street...you get what you pay for!",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or100-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Vacation,"We spent a week at this hotel. Horrible. Instead of 3 stars one star would be appropriate. The staff does neither greet in the morning nor at night and just walks by without a word, if present at all. When we checked in we had to wait for 15 minutes even though we rang the bell several times and nobody showed up until the mailman came who yalled until finally someone came. Other guests we talked to apparently waited for over 30 minutes. The rooms are filthy and remodeling and refurnishing is overdue. In our room there were old filthy blankets left on top of the closet/shower which somebody just tossed up there. The windows cant be opened which is the reason why everything is moldy. The wall and the ceiling are molding because obviously the shower one floor above is leaking. The…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or105-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid!!,"Stayed for one night and will never return, even if I was paid to. The room was shabby, bed extremely uncomfortable and does not resemble the photos on their website. Unable to open window, and as it was a hot night and there is no air conditioning, the room was stiflingly hot - unable to sleep and felt unwell the next day as a result. Room was next to road and traffic sound is not blocked out. Curtains are as thin as sheets so morning sunlight comes straight in. Was not even asked how may stay was at checkout - I suspect they are tired of hearing complaints.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or105-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","terrible, dirty and Never answers the phone","I visited the this hotel in April 16. The room was filthy, the Carpet had burn marks from an Iron and the double bed could only be accessed from one side. The gap between wall and bath had a small toilet wedged in, really difficult to use. I had attempted to contact the Hotel on numerous occasions prior to the visit but they never responded to email or answered the phone. The Hotel is quite well situated and might be suitable for a very short visit, if there is nowhere else to stay.  The view from the room was a builders yard, the sheets were never changed during my stay and the bed was terrible. WiFi available if you are in the foyer. Down the stairs (with half a bannister) there is a coffee machine in the 'breakfast' room, also a Punchbag and a curtain covering the entrance to…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or105-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Terrible,I booked his hotel for convenience as it was situated near where I had a hospital appointment. Unfortunately my appointment was put back by a day and I had to change my reservation day from Sunday to the Monday.   Both myself and the the online booking website tried profusely to get in touch with the hotel via telephone and email. We had been trying to contact the hotel over two days without fail. Not one person answered and not a single email response.   I lost my money as I didn't turn up for my reservation and had to book another  hotel for the Monday.   I was distressed unnecessarily and very annoyed. ,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or105-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Abysmal,"I was given a room on the third floor, there is no lift.  There were no tea/coffee facilities in the room, only from a vending machine on the ground floor.  The room had the carpet held down with masking tape, the bathroom door did not fit.  There were no shower gels or shampoo in the room.  There was no chair in the room.  There was a bed and a wardrobe.  There were fire doors held open with fire extinguishers, ladders on the landing.    I left as I refused to stay in such a shoddy place, and found somewhere else to stay.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or105-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Glad I took my ear plugs .friendly staff. good budget hotel,"Check in was quick and easy. Really short walk from baker street tube. I was in room 318 on the 3rd floor .It was fairly quiet as at end of corridor so no one walking past. Very basic room. Bed tv and thats it.  Floor in room pretty uneven but it's an old property I guess. Mattress was fairly lumpy. En suite quite small but functional and though the decor could have done with a bit of tidying up it was fine and for the price was a perfectly reasonable place to sleep..if you wanted a room where you were spending time there this is probably not for you.  I took ear plugs and am very glad I did as could hear people talking on street below and traffic outside .Curtains were just voiles which meant I woke as soon as the sun came up , definitely will make sure to book somewhere with…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or110-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Faulty Towers,"OUR ROOM NUMBER WAS 101 Ok there were two good things in this rattletrap:: location is great and a wise locking system with an alarming voice when the door was unlocked. BUT: The room was too hot to sleep.Toilet flush did not work properly Not a single time.. The shower was the smallest I´ve ever seen.The ´´bathroom´´ was cold as hell  Even one plate was missing in the wall. There was a gap in the door which was patched up with a black tape and the outdoor air was blowing from outside through the gap..  Very nice picturesque view to the patio - pile of old bricks, old flower pots and a moldy plates and boards. The uneven floor was covered with moldy carpet. No smoke alarms in the rooms.  No glasses in the room. The dark and ragged ugly curtain was washed last time maybe 20 years…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or110-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Best to avoid,"I booked this hotel for my girlfriend and I as part of a trip to London. We were really disappointed. When we got to our room it was dingy, no lock on the bathroom door, no soap, a broken window and a view into the scrapyard of a back garden. It felt like we were staying in a poorly maintained brothel. Luckily we were able to move room but this was also poor- window would not stay open, again no soap and an overwhelming stench of faeces emanating at all times from the bathroom. Having been out for the evening; we returned to find a stool which had been in the bedroom had been removed - meaning someone had been shuftying around in our room whilst we were out - luckily we had left no valuables there! Breakfast the next morning (not included incidentally - £3 per person); we…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or110-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Fleas in our room,"Our stay, in general was fine. The personal staff was very kind, and the situation of the hotel is very good. But the last nigth, we got up with fleasbite all over our body. It was disgusting. you have tea and coffie as much you want and that is great.  ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or110-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Horrible,"My husband and I stayed here, it was convenient to the Marylebone Station. When we first came into the hotel we were not greeted at the desk with anyone. We had to use a buzzer to get someone. The guy was nice enough but that is about the extant of the pleasantries that we experienced. When we got to our room there were no amenities, washcloths (we had two towels), or toiletries and the double bed was broken. The springs on one side of the mattress were totally shot to the point you could feel the divan underneath and when both of us lied down on the bed, we rolled into one another; it was horrible. The toilet was very loud when we flushed. The room was dirty and the only thing I can say that was clean were the bedsheets and that was because they were new and put on inside out.…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or110-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Absolutely Awful Hotel!!,"Absolutely shocking.  1. When me and my partner returned at around 11:30pm, she wanted a glass of water so I requested this at reception (as there were no amenities provided in the room); I was then refused a GLASS to even drink out of the tap due to a private function downstairs - the receptionist just asked me why we didn't think about it on the journey back (we got a cab which we did ask for the driver to stop at a shop but never).  2. At 2am in the morning, the fire alarm went off, when we checked in there was no mention of a meeting point if the fire alarm was to go off – highlighting a massive health and safety breach.  3. Every time we flushed the chain or run the tap or had a shower, the drainage system stunk the bathroom out with a rancid sewage smell.  4. I could have…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or115-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very strange! ,"Bags of potential in a fantastic location, but painfully neglected and ultimately a dump!   There were no staff around ever, not even on reception. We had a broken window in the room which also had cracked panes of glass in it. There were loose wires hanging out of the walls and ceiling and the toilet was unbelievably noisy.   They had some kind of confused party/rave in the basement on the Saturday night which went on well past 3am.  Great location, good prices but the place itself is horrific!",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or115-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Absolutely horrendous,"Firstly we arrive at the hotel with our confirmation, get to the reception to be greeted by no one, press the bell for someone to come as requested on the sign, to then wait 5 minutes for someone to even see to us. After this we were told we had not paid for the room, when we had the confirmation saying we had paid. Baring in mind the room was £166 for one night at, so we had to pay twice. Following on from this, after already not being the most impressed we get to the room to discover it's dirty, with someone's left overs in the toilet. (see pictures). As well as a huge gap under neath the door, which made us feel very unsafe and disturbed having to barricade ourselves into the room, and others with towels trying to cover the hole. The room is covered in damp patches, the…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or115-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",What a dump,We visited here for one night and when we arrived in our room the toilet was constantly filling up and making a horrendous noise every 10 seconds all through the night.   See pictures and video  attached.   Shower did not work.   No iron as they said there was.  No tea and coffee  making facilities as they said there was.   Unfinished paintwork.   Holes in the walls.   When we told them shower did not work they said that because it was being fixed!!  Would never go back. ,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or115-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not as bad as expected...It was 'Ok',"I read the reviews after booking and really began to worry about what I was letting myself in for.   I paid £94 for one night with my boyfriend. It was only booked as a stop gap for a Christmas party being held locally. I was not staying there to relax/watch tv etc.  Check in was slow as the couple in-front of us were having issues, but it wasnt too much worry. The room was clean and the beds were comfy. The bathroom was fine, if anything actually quite nice!   The only weird thing of the room was that the door did not fit the door frame at the bottom. The flooring was clearly at an angle which the door didnt accommodate for so there was a big gap between the door and the floor. Not too much of a problem but it is not very professional and isnt great for noise management. Light…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or115-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Horrible and disgusting .. do not stay here,"When a friend and I booked this place, we really liked the location and the pictures we saw online, however we soon found out the reality of the situation. We didn't expect everything to be picture perfect or identical to their website, but we didn't expect what we got. When we arrived there was no one at the front desk and after ringing the bell and waiting someone finally showed up to check us in and have us pay up front for the entire stay. When they took us to our room we were completely blown away by what we saw. A window with a hole in it, three small beds that look like cheap discount store knock offs, no sheets on the beds and a couple of small towels. The bathroom was disgusting, one side of the bathtub frame was falling off, there was mold on the ceiling, and the room…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or120-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Arrived only to be moved to another hotel,This is a limited review as we turned up and were told our (family) room had been damaged by drunk people the night before. we were moved to another hotel 10 minute walk away. The reviews for the hotel we were moved to were dreadful. Luckily for Somerset Hotel it wasn't as bad as the reviews indicated. we didn't get much of an apology and would not book here again.,Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or120-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",great location,"2 minutes walk to the bus station to the airport Luton (1 hour) and Stansted, 5 minutes walk to the bus station of Big bus and metro station, a half-hour walk to the Oxford street. The staff was ok. Hotel is old, rooms are needed renovation except bathroom, but it could be at least one hanger towel.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or120-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","HORRIBLE, ZERO STARS","Oh my, where to begin on this place... First, let's start off with the fact that the hotel looks absolutely NOTHING like the photos.  Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting a five star hotel by any means, but I travel a lot and have stayed in nicer hotels in dumpy little Moroccan towns.  The room was disgusting to look at and the mattresses were like sleeping on a pile of rocks-- wait, that's not fair, rocks would be more comfortable.  It was noisy, both from drunks coming in at 4 am and slamming into walls, and also from just about anyone in the hotel closing a door, which shook the entire place.  The only good thing was the location, but it wasn't even worth it.  Breakfast, while the website (and old placards in the rooms) leads you to believe is free, is not.  And when you do…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or120-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very good!,"We visited Somerset in November 15 for 3 nights.it is a pleasant hotel in great location. 2 minutes from underground stations (which is the best), 15 minute walk to Oxford Street and 3 minute walk to Regents Park!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or120-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Grim!,"We booked this hotel for 2 nights as a place to crash during our stay in London. The only positive thing about it was the location as it's just off Baker Street in a nice central area. From there things go downhill, when we booked the hotel online we thought it was great value for money, however as soon as we arrived we got a bad feeling. The reception room was deserted apart from a few empty beer cans and after 15 minutes of waiting (and ringing the bell numerous times) we managed to find someone who wasn't able to check us in as we were too early...fair enough we  left our bags and went back out for a few hours.   When we tried checking in again later on we had the same problem...empty desk and no one answering so again we went to find someone and eventually got checked in.…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or125-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DISGUSTING HEALTH HAZARD,"I cannot believe that this place is allowed to call itself a hotel, it's disgusting. Absolutely unhygienic and revolting. I left with bedbug bites all over my legs. The mattress was stained and the bed full of hair and dirt, we complained and asked for a refund but were simply moved rooms. To another filthy room that smelt like mould and damp, had stains on the carpet.. need I continue?!  Wifi didn't work, bathroom covered in mould, bed linen dirty, staff unhelpful and rude.. We were appalled at the state of the room, the lack of basic hygiene, the horrible customer service - this hole needs to be shut down.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or125-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","great location , great hotel","well as most people i read all the reviews beforehand but being rugby world cup final day lot hotels were fully booked or very dear so we paid £82 for this as was so centrally situated and perfect for us but arrived dreading the worse but anyhow arrived immediate met my person and he gave us our card key and explained things and all seemed fine and friendly , so big moment opening door to all the grime etc other people had said there was but alas door opened to nice very clean room carpets perfect bed very comfy all in room was clean , was a crack on toilet seat but so and view was nothing as we was in back but least no noise as was dead quiet so somerset hotel , WE WILL BE COMING BACK TO STAY WITH YOU NEXT TIME WE STAY IN LONDON SO THANK YOU ,  we didnt have breakfast but was…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or125-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Can't  complain.  Better than expected! ,"I stayed here for 2 nights  and booked  hotel because  of its location  and it was cheap. I read reviews  beforehand  which said hotel was more like a hostel; it was dirty, had hair in shower  and  bed linen  stained.  I wasn't  expecting  much upon arrival, I even  packed my own towels just in case. When we arrived we got given  the key card  to our  room. I was a bit worried  and didn't  know what to expect.  We opened the door  to find  a room with  two  twin beds and towels ( all clean) then  pushed  another  door open  to find  a double  and another  twin bed. This was not what we expected as we only  booked  for a twin. The room was clean and towels got changed every day. It was a great price and great location. Literally  5 min walk to tube and nearest  spoons. I don't …",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or125-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful,"This is the first review I have left on TripAdvisor but this hotel is just terrible.  The main issue was how filthy it was, there were hairs in the bathroom,  what seemed like years of dust on the walls and furniture and old mouldy gummy bears on the floor.  There was also a two inch gap between the floor and door to the hotel room and the curtain pole was falling off the wall.  So bad it was laughable.  Don't book to stay here!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or125-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",CHEAP AND NASTY HOSTEL - GO TO TRAVELODGE IN WEMBLEY CENTRAL AND GET THE TUBE,"Was there Thurs 21 Oct and I could not bring myself to sleep in the bed, sit on a chair or even take my shoes off.  I called travel lodge to help and they got me into the Wembley Central travel lodge for £87 and I had paid over £100 for the Somerset. This was such an easy tube ride from Baker Street and the Travel Lodge is above the Wembley Central station - PERFECT.  At the Somerset the toilet was impossible to sit on being jammed between the wall and the tiny bath.  The toilet seat was broken in two.  All the furniture is very old, the wardrobe was barely standing on its own and wobbled when I opened the door.  The TV was duct taped together.  The bed mattress was really odd and spikey - maybe horse hair or something.  The website says the rooms have been renovated so I asked…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or130-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location but...,"This hotel has no facilities, including tea/coffee making in the room (you have to go to the basement). Only one working power point in our room and one chair so dirty we put it in the corridor rather than risk sitting on it. Extremely basic. Only two good points - location and they found my daughters iPad when they cleaned the room. I guess you can't expect much at the price but it was pretty bad. ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or130-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great,"Really great service! Dont believe to the bad reviews! We had a really clean rooms and the guy at the desk was really helpful, we had a great time in london with a great hotel and its really worth the money you pay for it.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or130-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Cheap hotel in a great central location in London, that's just about it.","First things first, the location of this hotel and the price for central London is brilliant.  However, that's just about the only good thing about this hotel and that's the shame as it had potential to be an awesome stop-off.  The setting of hotel is in a very nice part of London, the exterior of the hotel looks absolutely gorgeous Georgian building. Inside does need redecorating with lighter colours to bring some light and life into the building.  Although I arrived around 10am, 4 hours too early to check-in, the staff was helpful enough to place my overnight bag in a safe place until I return.    I returned  to the hotel for the night around 8pm; I was impressed that they took my bag to my room once the previous guest had vacated.  My room was small to which I didn't mind as…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or130-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Just don't - seriously!,"I really thought that previous reviews were from people who were a little precious about air-con and no lift and so on and that it was a budget hotel and you got what you paid for.  How wrong I was.  This hotel nearly ruined a long planned-for break for myself and a dear friend.  I am amazed that it is allowed to be open at all.  Our concern began when we saw that there was no lock on the front door which is straight off a busy street and continued into the reception where teenagers sit to use the Wi-Fi.  We were told our room number and as we climbed ever higher, fire doors were propped open with fire extinguishers and it got hotter and hotter.  It was July but it was particularly stifling.  We entered the room and it looked ok, then my friend sat on the bed to catch her…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or130-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Don't do it!,No lifts! So you lug everything up stairs. The rooms are so tiny and you don't get any basic supplies i.e soap. The water smells when it runs. Tiniest TV ever. The only plus is its near the tube so it's easy to get around. If you can spare an extra few quid it's worth it. ,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or135-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",It's a NO from me,"I know when I saw the prices for London that this hotel wouldn't be high end and you get what you pay for, but oh my I got more than I bargained for. The pictures advertising the hotel are a far fetch from what we received. I'm sure there is a room there somewhere that looks like the pictures but I didn't see it. The two chaps that seem to be running the show were pleasant and carried the bag all the way to the top floor but the hotel lacks love. It has so much potential to be an amazing place but it just comes across as though they are cutting corners at every opportunity. It does have positives, it's close to the underground and I slept well. We had the children with us and they didn't seem bothered but the floors are old and creaky and I was forever telling them off for…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or135-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",excellent location- Poor facilities,I guess someone gets for what have paid for. Stay there only if realy do not have maney for something else. No elevator in the Hotel. The location is just great. Very close to underground and bus stations.                ,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or135-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I doubt anyone returns,"Stayed on the top floor, it's a tough climb and no air con so needed a good wash once we'd hauled the bags up. Unfortunately the bathroom facilities were less than impressive. Bath had no plug so used the shower, had to get on my knees to wash my hair as its set for midgets. Then noticed the orange stained shower curtain touching me,felt a bit sick. Room seemed clean enough if a little dilapidated . Beds were comfy, fresh towels each day. Lack of anywhere to put things in the bathroom was a bit annoying but to be fair it's very basic accommodation. £3 breakfast sounded like a winner until we gave it a try. Large plate of boiled eggs was weird and the cereals were stale. Tucked into some toast as the safe option but unfortunately looked in to the kitchen while swallowing, battled…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or135-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I always like to be fair with my reviews and that is how this review will be.  Rather than go on about the state of this hotel, I will just post pictures and let you make your mind up.   I did not stay at this hotel, as I could not bring myself to. I booked a room and was given a room on the third floor. As well as the photos that I have posted, there was no hot running water, the toilet did not appear to be attached to the wall, the fire doors on the landing were propped open with the fire extinguishers, there was no lock on the front of the hotel and the desk was not always manned...this meant that people were free to come and go as they pleased. I demanded a refund and had to wait 30 minutes whilst this was sorted out with the company that I booked it with. Finally...I have…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or135-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting,No no no no. This hotel should be shut down completely. Be aware this is a dangerous hotel.  The windows where missing and falling out. Everywhere you could look there was mold.  This Hotel should be shut down immediately and I can't understand that it is not shut down for health and safety reasons,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or140-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Something changed,"Nice place, not really cleaned as use to be before. Maybe more attention to service and cleaning will help to have happy customers. Not value for money at all. Front desk handle by temporary staff doesn't help the customer to have proper answer. Something change since one year ",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or140-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel,"Bad experience. Old, dirty, smelly hotel with no AC. We had the room with the windows to the stree and it felt like sleeping in the street. Stay farther away from center and pay less for better conditions. Make use of the excellent subway system to get anywhere in London fast.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or140-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A basic clean room,"For a cheap night in London at the heart of regents park you can not complain. It has a comfortable bed and the room was spacious. Negatives is there is no air com,dated furniture and nothing extra provided.breakfast was very basic toast/cereal/boiled eggs.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or140-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very Unsatisfactory ,"The location is what makes this place desirable. Otherwise it wouldn't offer much. To begin,  there is no lock on the door to the street. You can see splintered wood where there used to be a lock. Security is not a priority for sure. Only one of the windows in our room opened which was awful because our room had no air flow. The bathroom also lacked airflow and after a shower the walls were dripping wet. There was no trash can in the bathroom. The TV didn't work. The breakfast was very limited and was served in a musty basement. Our room was on the street level and we had to keep the window open because our air was so stale. The noise was awful and we were woken many times throughout the night. You can find better elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or140-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Awful, requires substantial investment","The rooms are small, as are the bathrooms which would not be a problem if there was more thought put into the presentation. The curtains do not fit and the windows are almost rotted through, the secondary glazing does not shut properly so it is noisy. The bathroom had a maserating toilet that made noise all night and when flushed it sounded like it was coming out of the sink and bath plug hole. The shower head was dirty so we didn't use it. The carpet was fairly new but very cheap, not fitted properly and a join in one of the doorways was taped down. The bed linen and towels however did look clean but the bed was very uncomfortable. From a safety aspect there were boxes stored on the stairs which I think was the fire escape. We were attending an all day event so did not complain…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or145-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Evidently, we were lucky","my boyfriend and I arrived in the afternoon, ready to check in, and to be welcomed by a 'receptionist'- this was what I can only describe as teenager, wearing paint covered jeans and a filthy t-shirt. He was texting the whole way through check in, he even asked me to repeat myself because he missed what I had said due to an important text. Little bit rude (very blinking rude) but brushed it off. We were on the top floor, almost had a stroke walking up the stairs, no bell boy/ helper to take my 22kg case up the 4 flights or stairs. Genuinely almost died. This was my only grimace. Our room was one of the few that were photographed. It was nice enough and perfect for what we wanted. We used this hotel as a base really as it was great weather and spent all day around London. I liked…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or145-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Doesn't match pictures or expectation. Borderline laughable.,"I recently stayed here for 4 nights and I am far from happy. It was mine and my partners first holiday together and we wanted to make it as long as possible, we were on a budget and understand prices in London are very steep. Therefore we were very pleased when we came across the Somerset Hotel at such a good prices, it looked and sounded lovely. Only to find that in reality it was a very different case.   We were first greeted by a member of staff wearing a shirt that was covered in stains (not a very good first impression I must say). It wasn't just the staff that had stains on them, as we walked up to our room my partner pointed out a lipstick mark on the wall... this lipstick mark remained there for the entirety of our stay.  Then there was the room, where to begin... well…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or145-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Nothing like the 'professional' photos,"I think the photos were taken years ago as they are not a reflection on this hotel.  Our room was awful.  There was a sort of walk in wardrobe thing with no light so you couldn't see a thing.  We lived out of a suitcase fir the entire week.  You could see through the curtains.   Lights had no lampshades.  The carpet was worn and torn.  No free wifi £10/day.  Continental breakfast consisted of cereal, toast and boiled eggs.   Need I say more?  The best thing about the hotel is the location and the staff.  I think it is a classic case of pulling the wool over paying guests eyes.  Desperately in need of a serious makeover.  I",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or145-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Neither Here Nor There,"Pros: Location. Only minutes' walk from train station. Helpful staff  The hotel looked like it was undergoing renovations. If so, it shouldn't be opened for business. The room looked half done. The sheets, towel & bathroom were clean. That's about it.   Cons:  Broken shower curtain rail. Hole in the wall. Window that doesn't close (luckily it's not winter). Room doesn't feel very clean, especially the carpet and curtains. Small bathroom. The bathroom is a small box within the bedroom. It's ceiling is significantly lower than the rest of the room. I wonder why.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or145-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Affordable in center London ,"Great old world hotel where customer service is king. Affordable 3 star in the center of London and super friendly staff, in one of the most expensive cities. Is a can't miss. Would definitely come back, my stay was for 4 nights. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or150-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful,"Check in was the only thing that went well.  Booked a twin room but was allocated a triple which of course was fine.  Room was dirty, dusty with old damaged furniture. Found an awful amount of dust and a damaged telephone socket with loose wires on the floor whilst looking for a plug. Showed the staff who said they knew but would inform management. Bath was so small it is not suitable for an adult. Shower had no hot water so had to ask them to look at it. Quilt cover was two white(ish) sheets sewn together. No tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Have the use of a coffee making machine in the basement. No lifts so hot drinks need to be carried back up the stairs - 5 flights for us to floor 2. Window was broken and boarded up. Limited sockets to use. Television had poor…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or150-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very basic hotel in an excellent location,"First the good points. Excellent location just a short walk from Marylebone and Baker Street stations. Although the hotel seems minimally staffed, those we met were both friendly and helpful, wouldn't even accept a tip when we left saying it was not their policy. Included breakfast was simple but adequate, toast, preserves, cereals, fruit and coffee. Lots of facilities in the neighbourhood and an excellent pub with good food, the Allsop Arms, just over the road. The hotel is currently slowly undergoing renovation so the internal appearance may improve, at present it is rather tired looking. Our room, on the second floor, no lift, was very small with thin curtains, a bed that moved away from the wall when you tried to sit and read, a minuscule TV and very limited storage. I…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or150-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Really nice,"We stayed here for one night, the entrance hall is beautifully and tastefully decorated, the bedroom was a good size, the bathroom was really small though - the shower didn't work and the bath was tiny, our little girl is in a wheelchair due to brain tumour sometimes affecting her legs and there's no lift, she can walk though, we was put on the 3rd floor, the staff came up and asked if we would prefer a ground floor room, they was so lovely and friendly.  Bedrooms could use tea making facilities, there is a machine in the bar which is open throughout the night but isn't anywhere in the bedroom to make one ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or150-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",GREAT LOCATION BUT NEEDS RENOVATING,"We would not recommend staying here for more than 2 days.. The rooms and bathrooms are tiny, which made it stuffy. The carpet was torn and some holes in the walls, toilet was loose hotel door was straight which left a gap at bottom so when the light was on outside the door shined thorough, plaster filled holes showing, 2 clothes hangers in wardrobe so good job we didn't stay a week, the window had a crack in it and couldn't open it plus there was blood on the duvet also HOUSEKEEPER left a bath towel for a bath mat which was dirty, naked wires showing. Wifi  didn't work in the lobby, you had to pay for wifi. And good luck if you're on the 4th floor.. there are no elevators, and the stairway is a bit narrow, so it was difficult carrying our luggage.  The only positive is the…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or150-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Good location, but needs renovating","I would not recommend staying here for more than 2 days..  The rooms and bathrooms are tiny, which made it stuffy. The carpet was torn and some holes in the walls. Wifi only works in the lobby, otherwise you have to pay for wifi. And good luck if you're on the 4th floor.. there are no elevators, and the stairway is a bit narrow, so it was difficult carrying our luggage.   The only positive is the location. It is about a 5 minute walk to the tube station that has multiple tube lines. There are also many coffee shops and a small grocery store nearby. Regent's Park is close as well. They also have a coffee/tea machine in the basement, free to use throughout the day.   Service was just okay. Almost never saw an employee at the front desk, though someone did mention their main…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or155-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Lucky to have found this place. Just Excellent!,"If you're looking for a hotel with a reasonable price then this is the right place for you. My fiance and I stayed here for 2 days. It's our first time in London and we got lucky to have found this hotel which is near to everything. The subway, which make it easier to go around London.It is also near shopping streets which is a big plus for girls  who like to go shopping like me. The hotel offers a good variety of breakfast, but it is also near restaurants if you want to dine out. The hotel have a good WiFi service which makes sharing memories easy for your family to see. We stayed in a small room but it is clean and comfortable and the staff are very helpful and accommodating.  To sum it up, I will definitely go back to this hotel and I highly recommend it.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or155-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent Stay and Value for Money,"We were pleasantly surprised  to stay in central London at a very reasonable price for three days .This hotel is a simple and calm place but has everything that you need being a tourist in London. Rooms are small but clean with comfortable bed. Staff is courteous and friendly that ensures you have a smile on your face, either for helping with your bags or by giving you various breakfast options. It is walking distance from Bakers street tube station and amidst excellent shopping streets. Lots of restaurants nearby makes life happening :)...and yes very good internet speed <3",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or155-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Highly Recommended,"We stayed for two nights and had a lovely time.It was delightful place to stay, Very kind service and tasty breakfast. The rooms are huge  and very nicely appointed,location is great.I kindly reccomend it!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or155-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok for a small budget,"Shabby and worn out but pretty clean. Big room, comfy beds. Breakfast is not worth the extra money. Staff is not particularly chatty or eager to help but checking in and out went without problems. Location is the best part of this hotel. Still wouldn't especially recommend for a friend.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or155-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I didn't have high expectations for this hotel, but was still disappointed. No lock at the front door, the staff was not communicative or helpful in any way, we did not feel very welcome. We stayed in the room on the third floor. The floor was so uneven we felt like we were going to fall. Both the room and bathroom seemed clean, but are outdated so we could not get rid of the feeling that it's not all that clean. Lots of noise from the street and upper floor.    The toilet was a minor disaster though -  dirty and it made hideous noises, plus it stank horribly when you flushed it. Going in the bathroom really took courage.  The breakfast was basic but ok, although the table was very sticky.  Location is good, but that's about it.  Overall, it's just not worth it, regardless of…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or160-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location and great breakfast,Hotel location is good. Spent vacation with my friends in London and stayed in this hotel for 4 days. For shopping this hotel is great. On the other hand there are many restaurants near this hotel. Also I like the most of the proximity to the subway station. I have no words about the staff of this hotel They are too much helpful and friendly.  I want to tell one more thing about this hotel and that is the breakfast of this hotel is extensive. Obviously The service is good.   I refer this hotel to others. I did not get any wrong in this hotel while I was staying.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or160-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A Pleasure Stay,"My best friend and I stayed 2 nights in Somerset Hotel last 6 months ago for a vacation in London. It was a lovely hotel in a very good location with a very friendly and helpful staffs. The rooms are small but are very clean. The decor is amazing and incredible. We had a safe and sound staying in our air conditioned room. Even though there is a very little storage in the bedroom, it is still acceptable for a short stay.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or160-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Reasonable PRICE in a perfect LOCATION!,"Spent vacation with my family in London and stayed in this hotel for 3 days. I have few things to consider with this hotel.   Location - If you love shopping this hotel is perfect for you. You don't need to spend thousands of dimes to look for an expensive hotel that has the same services and location. Instead of spending your money in paying for a cozy hotel, you can just save extra money in addition for your shopping budget. You'll have everything you need that is close to the hotel.   Friendly staffs - After a long tiring day and you need help from hotel's staffs. You can find them in this hotel, very approachable, friendly and will never fail to give u smile even in their very tiring day. Just ask them what you want and they'll provide you everything that they can do to give…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or160-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",VERY basic and lacking hospitality,"Reception welcome was to ring a bell, strict 3pm check in, bar and restaurant sign but didnt exist. Room basic, bar of soap for toiletries, no hand towel and just hot water for shower. Poor breakfast with toast, cereal, fruit and drinks from a machine so we ate out. Better London hotels available for price, would not stay again and begrudged paying for 3 nights for what was no better than a hostel, in fact stayed in better hostels for half the price. Shame as ideal location but staff didnt seem bothered.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or160-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful is an understatement,"Just want to start by saying I have never felt the need to write a review on a hotel until now.  I booked The Somerset Hotel for me and my partner for 2 nights - due to us going on a shopping trip for the weekend. I did not have high expectations for this hotel but after looking at the photos on both the webiste and Booking.com it looked a basic but comfortable enough place for us to just rest our heads.  Getting straight to the point, this hotel was awful!!   Security - Main door to hotel does not lock and the lock looks like it has either broken or been ripped off, if this is not worrying enough. Throughout our stay it was very rare that anyone was sat at reception! A man at the desk told us the receptionist was on holiday (i have read this in a few reviews so not sure how…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or165-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location and value.,"The location is fantastic - walking distance to Regents Park. Close to buses and only 2 blocks from Bakers street Station, with a variety of restaurant options nearby. The breakfast was extensive. The room I was staying was a bit small and the space was mostly taken up by the bed, though the bed was comfortable, internet connection was fast and uninterrupted during my visit. Amazing conditions and location for the price you pay.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or165-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,"First up, if you choose your hotel based on price versus location, this will sit you perfectly. It's very close to both Baker Street and Marylebone tube stations, and there are all sorts of attractions nearby. For a central London hotel, I was very pleased with the price. However, there are a few downsides, and they can ruin the experience a little.  The rooms are tired, the decor needs redoing (the wallpaper was peeling off, lighting dim and dark). The TV was tiny, the toilet was loud and the shower was a mystery to me; I ended up being showered in boiling water more than once. I would also recommend some new pillows.  However, if you're not looking purely for a place to sleep, then this is perfect for the price. Breakfast was decent, and the location is unbeatable.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or165-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Lost Opportunity,"Somerset hotel has a very ideal location in central London. there is a Costa coffee shop a minute away, a Tesco that opens late as well as the bakery and Marylebone station a stone throw away. these location factors work really well for this hotel. I stayed here for three days in March 2015 on a business trip.  I was disappointed that the main door lock is a free for all and anyone can walk in and walk out at will. whilst this may be ok for some but my security and feeling of being safe when staying away from home is important. i suppose that this will be fixed soon but looks like it has been like this for a while from th reviews and doesn't bode well for the attention the mgmt   The reception is wanting and looks worn out. there is debris left over from a previous construction…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or165-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Simple but affordable,"What I like is the proximity to the subway station. There was quite a variety of choices for breakfast. The reception staff were most welcoming and helped to move my bags, gave me all the directions to places to see etc. Stable and strong wifi in the room and lobby. Basic but with everything one needs to rest.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or165-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bed bug shocker!,I visited this hotel on a business trip to London eight months ago and was sure that after so many horror stories (reviews) it would have been removed from ALL booking websites. I am only doing this review now as I was contacted by other travellers that  have recently stayed there and also had the bed bug (ugh) experience. Being an extremely clean and hygienic person- this was such a traumatic visit. I actually still have scars and so does my daughter! What a great pity as the hotel has a great location near to Baker street tube station and the glorious Regents Park. The lesson people .........is to really study the reviews!,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or170-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Renovation, poor security and no hot water and cold","I understand that hotels go through renovation - however, for my very recent stay, the front door had no lock, the door from reception to the hallway had been removed (so very noisy in my room), and when I arrived back at the hotel  at 11pm, there was no hot water. My room was also very cold - the radiator was marginally above stone cold. The bathroom light was broken. The coffee machine at breakfast was not hooked up, so not even a coffee in the morning to warm me up. It's a real shame as this hotel is close to work, close to the tube and if my experience had been even just a little more pleasant, I would be booking here more often.  I don't mind a slightly shabby room if it's safe, warm and convenient. But for single (female) travelers, security is so incredibly important. As…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or170-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good hotel,"It was pretty good location, so we were happy that we have everything close to our hotel. The hotel is nice and clean but in the winter when we were there it was cold inside and we cant sleep. There is a really bad heating. I think in the warmer days it could be everything perfect. Breakfast was good for us because we like cereals, but if you want egg and bacon, you should find another hotel. Thanks for being here, I think we all had a great time:-)               ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or170-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good location. Good value.,"My wife and I stay in London hotels frequently and so know what to expect. Found this hotel, using website ""Trivago"". After reading their description of it, we booked it. First, the ""negative"" comments:- The hotel`s own website is rather misleading & needs updating. It says the hotel has a restaurant, which it does not. The decor of rooms & hotel looks great but is now a bit tired & shabby. Some renovation work is currently underway, (although not intrusive). The ""positive"" comments:- Fabulous location, (between marylebone & baker st. stations) and close to all bus services & madame Tussauds. Very large clean rooms & good continental breakfast. Staff were very helpful & friendly. It seems the present owners are trying to restore the hotel to its former pristine condition without…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or170-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great value and good location ,"It was our first time in London. The Somerset Hotel was ideally located to Baker St and marlybone tube stations. Room was good size for 2 1/2 rating, bath room small but adequate. Rooms clean. Staff very friendly . Good continental breakfast daily. Thoroughly recommend this property . Restaurants close ",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or170-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent customer service,"Friendly and supporting staff. Nice breakfast and round the clock free access to coffee, tea, cappuccino etc. as well as the free wifi at the reception area. Special thanks to the management for helping me after a delayed flight which required re-adjustments. They have accommodated me without extra charge.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or175-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN - AND DEFINITELY NOT FOR LONE FEMALES,"The total lack of security at this hotel was worrying - had I been alone, I would NOT have bothered staying  - unlocked front door to the hotel - unmanned reception- our room was on the ground floor with worksman's ladder leaning up against our windows - internally pane of glass missing from one of the large windows - no curtains - slatted blinds had to be manually turned to give us privacy from busy main street outside - we felt so unsafe that we slept wt chair against the door...never again!",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or175-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Don't expect much,"The hotel was simply a room to sleep in, that's all. My family and I stayed out as long as possible to avoid coming back as we found the room had a funny smell. The bathroom was almost unbearable due to this stench, the toilet was simply disgusting. Continental breakfast included stale cereal, tinned fruit, yoghurt which was simply in a bowl without cooling, and toast (the safest option, except the toaster occasionally burnt the toast). The good thing about this hotel was its location, however even with the location I wouldn't recommend staying longer than a couple of nights, if at all, I stayed 2 and don't think I would have been able to stay another.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or175-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Infested with Bed Bugs,I woke up with over 30 bed bug bites all over my arms and neck. Would stay away at all costs! Location is not bad.  The single room was really small. Bathroom was a bit scary & the shower didn't drain properly. Free wifi in the lobby.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or175-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Theatre weekend,"Stayed at this hotel on Saturday night with my friend for a theatre weekend. First of all,the hotel is in an excellent location,about 3 minutes on foot from Baker St tube station. The area is very affluent with beautiful apartments and quirky shops and eateries. And there ends the good points.  We arrived at the hotel mid  afternoon and from the outside looked quite promising. On entering the reception, the first thing you notice is how shabby and dark it looks. There was no one at reception and we had to ring a bell and wait. In fairness, the manager appeared quite quickly and was friendly enough. We were given room 104 on the ground floor. Now we weren't expecting too much as it was advertised as a 2 star bed and breakfast and we had only paid 90pound for the night which is a…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or175-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Simple but it does what it says on the tin,"Very simple hotel, has good potential from what I could see in terms of interiors. The walls are very nice and it has that old fashioned look that is interesting. Rooms on the second floor not too bad , if you are family of 4 like we were , we had a nice room , big enough for all of us. Rooms on the 4th floor ...hmmmm let me wait and see after next year refurbishment that should take place. There was a gap under the room door that you could fit a shoes ...but ehy...you should ask the right question : Do I want a cheap but nice place to sleep at night, close to a well serviced tube station ? if the answer is YES than this hotel is perfect. Few minutes and you are at Baker Street Station. Positive note is the staff , very friendly people in the reception that helped us a lot with…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or180-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Did the job.,"As the price is reasonable and location desirable, I didn't expect too much more. The staff was helpful with tips and the room OK.  The breakfast is very modest. Crumbs in the toaster caused a fire alarm in the whole hotel. Good to know that the alarm system worked. Although I wasn't too pleased that the fire doors at the hallways were always open.  Be prepared to climb narrow stairs with your luggage.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or180-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised.,"I stayed at this hotel on Saturday night in a single room. After I had booked the room I looked on trip adviser and saw all the adverse comments so I wasn't expecting a very good experience. They say you get what you pay for, well I was pleasantly surprised to find a small, but very clean room that was more than adequate for my stay. No noise and a very nice continental breakfast. I would stay again when next in London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or180-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Get what you pay for.....simples!,"Booked it as it was closely located to where we wanted to be, hyde park winter wonderland, & due to the fact they had a family room to fit 5 of us in, which is rare & took hours of searching to find! Was all excited...until i read reviews about this hotel after booking. Instead of excitement i felt anxious. Arrived at the hotel, which looks dingy & doesnt really stand out from the outside of the building. Even the cab driver had to search for it. Went into the hotel, reception area was clean, just the lighting a little dark prehaps. Nobody was on reception at the time, but someone came swiftly after pressing the bell to alert them of an arrival. We wer too early to check in but left our bags & headed out for the day. Came back at 8pm-ish to find reception technically closed at…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or180-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Top Service,"Stayed here for a weekend with my family and was thrilled by the end of my stay. Whilst the hotel is pretty basic it has everything that's needed for a stay. clean sheets, comfortable beds and surprisingly quiet for a city hotel. We were in a family room on the 2nd floor. we asked if we could arrange for tea and coffee facilities in the room as the coffee machine is in the dining area. The manager said leave it with him. Unknown to us he had gone out to buy a kettle, put together a tray with the essentials and brought it to our room 15 minutes later. hotel went that extra mile which is hard to find these days. Great stay and at a fair price.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or180-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Well located,My partner and I stayed overnight at the somerset hotel prior to travelling around the uk. The staff were friendly and helpful and the location is superb just minutes from Baker Street. The rooms where of an average size put they are clean which is what you want. Beds were comfortable and by the look of them they looked fairly new. Great location for one or two nights.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or185-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great central stay,"Was in town for work, second time at this hotel. Smooth check in, friendly staff, clean room, new bathroom,  speedy WiFi, and best of all 2mins from Marylebone and Baker St stations. Looking forward to coming back.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or185-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A Pleasure...,"Had a wonderful weekend staying at Somerset hotel. Must recommend it any travellers looking for an affordable yet cosy place to stay. Staff were great!! So Friendly and willing to help. Exactly what you expect from hotel staff as part of the service for booking a room. Location is nearly perfect, but i guess the price makes up for the difference of not staying in the heart of London. Rooms were spacious & clean. Really was a pleasure to stay at Somerset, will be back again!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or185-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Best trip,"Really enjoyed my trip to London.  Large room for 6 which is hard to find in London,free tea and coffee machine and a really good shower.   The only downside was that the WiFi wasn't free but otherwise had a great stay.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or185-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Good location, great value","I enjoyed my short stay at Somerset hotel. Granted, not 5 star, but you certainly don't find yourself paying over the odds for a bed and a toilet. Also breakfast is included and it's not too shabby! Hop on a bus/train for a few mins and will find yourself in the heart of london.  Staff were friendly. All in all, pretty standard hotel with great value for it's location.  Will stay again!",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or185-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",shoppers paradise,"Just a stone's throw away from some of London's greatest sites.  We came for a shopping trip and distance between hotel and your shop-filled high streets made it so easy and stress free! We also weren't paying high end prices for a room which meant we could save for our clothes! Otherwise, had to pay for Wifi although we did get a strong connection. Breakfast was good.  All in all - great value",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or190-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very good hotel and service,"My room was a bit small but that's what you would expect in a city hotel. However it had everything I needed for a short stay. Clean linen, fresh towels and some basic toiletries (very hand considering you usually loose yours at airport security). Wifi wasn't free unfortunately but I was aware of this when booking so cant complain about that. The Receptionist was lovely and even let borrow an umbrella on the first night. Nice location with tube around the corner and some nice restaurants close by. Was one of the more reasonable priced hotels in the area which is surprising considering hotels in London are so often over priced.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or190-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Location second to none!,"We chose this hotel due to the location and it didn't disappoint. Madame Tussauds was 2 blocks away, Baker street station was even closer, and the bus to Piccadilly circus took all of 15 minutes. On top of that the price for a double room for 3 nights was excellent value for a city hotel. Breakfast was included and there was a free tea and coffee machine in the dining room which was great. There was no lift so if you do have trouble with stairs would suggest requesting a lower floor room. The staff were friendly and very helpful and offer that personal touch that is lost at bigger hotels.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or190-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Charming boutique Hotel,The hotel was booked for me by my company and I must say I had my reservations after seeing some of the reviews. I called the hotel and was told that they were old reviews that were removed but have since been reposted.   I was checked in early which was convenient as I had a meeting to prepare for. I was in room 426 which was a climb as there was no lift so would advise that you request a lower floor room if have difficulties with stairs. The room itself was clean and nicely decorated. Nothing fancy but not the worst I have stayed in. The bathroom was a good size and finished off well with tiles. Bathtub was a bit small but didnt bother me.   Breakfast was at 8am and is only a basic breakfast but it is complimentary so can see why they wouldn't spend a fortune. Overall its…,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or190-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Absolutely Awful,My son and I stopped here as he had an appointment in nearby Harley Street. I will give a positive that the gentleman on reception was very polite. However the room was awful unfinished and in desperate need of upgrading it is the worst place I have stayed in and to be charged £120 was an insult we didn't even stay for the breakfast. I would never stop here again.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or190-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Stay away!!!,"Location was great and that is maybe the only positive thing  to say about this hotel. We a young couple, stayed there for 2 nights. When I booked it I was in such a hurry that I didn’t read any reviews (what a big mistake). We stayed in room 208, the decoration looks shabby and the smell in the room was horrible. The bathroom was not welcoming at all and the toilet dirty. There was no street noise but very loud neighbours.  Even though breakfast was included we didn’t dare to try it out.   Service was alright, pleasant, but didn’t care who came in to the hotel, they did not ask for our passport, the reception was not always occupied and the front door always open.   So if you are not a teenager looking for a cheap place, good location – STAY AWAY!!!  Ohhhh, just read in one of…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or195-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Location and price!,"The only things that stop this hotel from being a 1 Star rating is the location and price!  The hotel is based right next to Baker street, only a stones throw from the nearest tube station and with lots of amenities close by.   Although the list of things I didn't like is very long and the hotel is very shabby and poorly ran - The price was very cheap for the location! (Around £130 for 5 people per night) So, even though the Hotel is not even 1 star in my opinion, it is good value if you're only going for one night out in London! (As we spent about 1 hour there other than sleeping)  Things I liked:  - As above, price and location!  Things I didn't like...  -Hotel very very warm (even though cold outside) so all windows open - which means very noisy traffic going past all night…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or195-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Ideal location for being a tourist in London, but not one to return to!","We (3 of us) stayed one night here in a triple ensuite room. We paid £40 each, so expectations weren't too high- the location and price being the main draw to this particular hotel.  On arrival, we were pleasantly surprised- the local area is very nice and the foyer is grand and inviting. Sadly once we'd checked in, it soon became clear the rest of the hotel would not follow suit.   Our ground floor triple room was dingy- and the ""ensuite"" laughable. The loo struggled to flush, there was nowhere to hang a towel, let alone the the loo roll; the sink was too small to wash in; the shower too small to stand in AND soap up- we had to stand outside the shower to lather up, then move inside the cubicle to wash off, nip outside cubicle to shampoo, back inside etc!! There was an outside…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or195-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A bit grotty but cheap..,"receptionist was helpful and friendly, they stored out bags without charge for 5 days.   However although the location is 5 star a LOT of work needs to be done to the place. the shower was high up ao i was scared of slipping every time i got out of it, there was no ventilation in the bathroom so it would steam up and get smelly - we propped the door open with a chair. breakfast is simple and in the basement. no working pay phone. Breakfast lady sprayed air freshener near us whilst eating breakfast, got bedbug bites all over! ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or195-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great central London stay,"Stayed recently with a friend doing the usual sightseeing in London. The perfect base to venture out. Seconds from Baker St and Marylebone Stations, easy distance to Soho and delights of the West end.   Rooms are modern and clean.  Reception staff very warm and friendly.  Fantastic service!   Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or195-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Pretty unpleasant,"We nearly cancelled after reading the reviews but decided to go ahead as some reviews were not so bad and some people can be very fussy.  The hotel is pretty tired but its cheap so I wasn't expecting much. I just wanted a clean place to sleep. After reading reports of bedbugs on this site we were apprehensive. When I got to the room I stripped the bed, moved it away from the wall and found nothing. We seemed bedbug free at least. Phew.  However, our room was pretty depressing. I think it's a refurbished room as it looked like it had been recently painted. However, the room was already dark and painting it dark grey was probably not a good choice. The room was a basically a dark grey cell with a double bed and tiny ""ensuite"" bathroom consisting a bath/shower and saniflow toilet.…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d257238-Reviews-or200-OYO_Somerset_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Somerset Hotel B&B Reviews, London",hotel was ok,"We considered rebooking after seeing previous reviews, but we kept our booking anyway and we had a good stay. The hotel has been clumsily refurbished, but the basics were ok. Clean sheets and towels, friendly and helpfull staff. The breakfast was basic but ok.   The location of the hotel is perfects, a 3 minute walk from Baker Street Underground, in a nice neighbourhood.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
