,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Hyde Park Economy Apartments,"I stayed here for a few nights in February. I have to say it's one of the worst places I've had the ""pleasure"" of staying in recently. The communal areas are rather dingy and there were around 60 steps up to my room - no lift available. The room itself I think had been fairly recently renovated with a nice little kitchenette and bathroom, but very few utensils etc in the kitchen. I think I warmed up some beans in a frying pan. The toilet was very heavily stained to the point where I bought a bottle of bleach to clean it with, and there were stains around the base of the bed. Walls were paper thin and I didn't need to hear the headboards banging in the night from other rooms. Also there is no reception in the building, and you have to collect and return the keys to another hotel a couple of hundred yards up the road, again not ideal. I wouldn't stay again.…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I have ever stayed,"We were booked to stay here for 3 nights- feb 16-19th. Totally and completely disgusting accommodation. Entranceway is filthy, grimy,dark. Apartments are worse- blood splatters on the radiator, mould all over the bathroom door and ceiling. Nothing like the pictures shown when booking.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Interview,"The room was clean, the bathroom was very nice and very clean. It had good facilities, it was quiet and comfortable. The bed wasn’t particularly comfort, but for the money it was very good value. I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Awful.,"We booked this apartment at a last minute as we had problems on the airport and needed a place to stay for two more nights. Our mistake was that we didnt look reviews. I dont need to explain the conditions, just look at the pictures. Just not possible that they are renting something like this. Service was also rude and unpatient.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or0-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever.,"Dirty, old, in desperate need if renovation and decoration,  mis sold (duplex apartment was actually one room with a  mezzanine floor). Very noisy. Sold as being family friendly but definitely wasn't. Mould in the bathroom, broken kitchen appliances. Definitely won't be returning and won't recommend to anyone. Awful experience.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great place,"I stayed in a mezzanine duplex apartment, massive for just me!! I was upgraded from my original booked place for 2-4 people to larger apartment for 4-6, lots of beds! It also had a balcony, not that I used it, but nice x",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience,"I arrived with my niece late 28th December 2019. We had a reservation for 3 nights. We checked in and settled in our room which was boiling hot. It was a big room in quite good condition except the fact that it must have been 30 degrees Celcius!!! Suddenly, at 7.00a.m.we woke up because of a loud noise. When we turned on the lights we couldn't believe our eyes!!! Water was running through two spotlights from the ceiling! The room was flooded, some of our clothes were wet. I called the reception immediately and they told me that they would send the maintenance. Needless to say, we packed our suitcases and when we went to the reception they told us that they would try to find us another room. They did, but only for one night. So, the next morning we moved again. To make the long…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Check in is at another building and given the length of people complaining, took some time. The room was dirty and shared a balcony with the room next door.  They could access this and sit outside our door.  We made several complaints but did eventually get our money back.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Decent facilities for the price,"Pros: paid only £40 for the night which was good for the location of the hotel, great location - plenty of restaurants, shops and things to do, facilities were okay for the price. Kitchen was fully functional and had plates, cups, pots and pans and cutlery which were useful. Apartment although being outdated was relatively clean and did the job.   Cons: apartment didn’t match the images supplied online, was very outdated in comparison to the images, was on the 4th floor with no lift so going up and down the stairs was a bit of a nuisance, toilet lid/seat was broken in our apartment and was just left on the side of the toilet so had to attempt a DIY fix, the apartments don’t have a reception so had to visit another hotel to check in and out (in fairness it was only a 5 minute…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or5-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy room,"The only thing good was the location. The room had really thin walls, we could even ear the next door room’s microwave ding. The fridge didn’t make any cold, the kitchen oven didn’t have any markings so how would you set the temperature? The air dryer had such a small power cord that I had to seat on the floor to dry my hair. Also on a apartment you should have something to do housekeeping, there wasn’t even a broom. And now for the really nasty stuff, the bathroom. The shower was a mess, the sink was clogged and the toilet was dirty (not only limestone). The holder for the paper roll was loose. The pictures speak more then words. I’ve been in some awful places but this was the worst place I’ve ever stayed.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting!,"I understand it’s central London and we only paid £90 for the night. But what we got was diabolical.   • Fire extinguishers were propping open the doors, when we arrived.   • Walks/Ceilings cracked, mouldy and bits falling off.   • Windows very dirty and difficult to open.   • Flooring not level, broken and holes in it.   • Cupboard handles in kitchen broken.   • Hairdryer provided - but it was clogged up with dust and gunk.   • General disrepair - marks, scuffs and holes in all walls throughout the apartment.   • Toilet is right against the wall, so no comfortable way to go to the toilet.   • Shower Pole rusting, bath and taps all covered in limescale and  shower curtain filthy.   • Plug Sockets loose.   • Fire Alarms covered with tape!!   Would never ever stay here again!!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Eastern European Hostel - AVOID !,"AVOID this place at all costs! I thought I had ended up in a eastern european hostel that had been condemed by health & safety and abandoned by squaters. Where do I start !? Check in - We arrived at 2:30 to collect the keys to the apartment and was quite suprised with how dirty and unprofessional the reception area was. There were 2 guys working at the desk eating Mcdonalds with the rubbish from the meals everywhere.... The gentleman that served us was polite but the gentleman serving the family next to us was so rude to them. We were told our room wasnt actually going to be ready for another hour despite check-in opening half an hour ago. We had a strict schedule to adhere to so couldnt wait around, so we decided to leave our luggage in the 'luggage room' and set off on our day…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing stay,Pictures are nothing like the actual apartments quite misleading. More like a bed sit Dirty bathroom shower tray hadn’t been cleaned. Last occupants toiletries still in shower. Shower had mould and limescale  Very hot and slept with window open Wouldn’t stay again  ,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",All the reviews are true,"Don’t stay here! Do read all the reviews. It is a half way home full of mould. The entire house is dilapidated an stinks of weed.  Our window was boarded up... no fire escape. No blanket in the fire blanket. Completely illegal and true death trap! We laugh in the videos in ignorance, nativity and embarrassment.  When we tired to sleep it was minus 2.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or10-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"The building is a little run down but the room was clean upon arrival. There was a great shower, lovely water pressure. Close to 2 tube stations, restaurants, shops & Hyde Park. Nice little apartment with everything you need.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting,"Between booking and arriving I had read some bad reviews, so I emailed the establishment and asked that we have a clean and respectable room on arrival, or they refund the money.  They assured me the room would be suitable, as per pictures.  The room was far from suitable, the mould growing in every room was so bad, the bath with the shower of over the top was filled with hair and would not drain, and the windows were boarded up.  Despite being on ground level and about 6 stories above us, the rain came in through several places through the roof, the most inconvenient place was on to the bed and on to our luggage on the floor.  We all woke up with a sore throat and a heaviness on our chest, which for my eldest child developed rather quickly into a respiratory infection…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Unclean and you may not even get a room,"We arrived before 2pm where we couldn't check in which was fine. Our children needed the toilet and were told to go to the second floor where there was a filthy toilet that would not flush, full of excrement. When we came back to check in at 4pm to find our room had been double booked, there was no where they could give us to stay and we were asked to wait for 5 minutes for the manager/owner Hassan to come and resolve the problem. They didn't even bother to offer us a drink while we waited. We waited for 15 minutes and the desk staff could not find him and there was no sign of him arriving soon after being told he would be there in 5 minutes. We ended up having to try and find somewhere else that would take a family of 5 in the area on that night. The desk staff had to admit…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"My husband booked a night at the Hyde Park Economy Apartments about a week before we arrived  as we needed to change travel plans at short notice as our accommodation for the remainder of our stay was booked out for the night we arrived.   The pictures showed clean and modest apartments which would suit our needs when traveling with our young children. We arrived at roughly 10.30 pm to find we had to go elsewhere to collect the keys, not a great start as this was not mentioned in the booking confirmation. Once inside the apartment was appalling.   The bedroom window was boarded up, curtains in both the kitchen and bedroom were torn and dirty.   The floors were grubby and there was mold and staining on some parts of the ceilings in the kitchen and bedroom.   A cockroach like…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",A PIGSTY. UNA POCILGA,"It is a pigsty.  We get confused in the reservation.  Do not make the same mistake.  Run away.  Old, dirty, no decoration, no comfort.  No hygiene.   Es una pocilga. Nos confundimos en la reserva. No cometas el mismo error. Corre y huye. Viejo, sucio, ninguna decoración, ninguna comodidad. Ninguna higiene. ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or15-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",A total disaster,"After check-in we went straight to our room to find that it was still unavailable. Check-in was at 14:00 and we went to our room at 16:15 but the maids haven't started cleaning yet and we had to wait for a further 20 minutes. We entered the room and we noticed our fridge was not closing and we reported straight away. We were told that the maintenance department will come and fix it but no one came as the fridge was leaking water constantly and the shelves were filled with water every morning. The apartment wasn't clean, with fluff and dirt on walls, curtains and bed frame. The toilet was disgusting and hasn't been clean in ages. The curtains has blood like stains and even the bed frame. The kettle was also full of scale and we couldn't have a decent cup of tea without pieces of…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",BUYER BEWARE!! Do NOT stay here unless you want to risk possessions being stolen,"My daughter and three friends left their bags in their room (basement room, beware) only to return a few hours later at 9.30pm to find the sash window open and all her possessions gone as her rucksack was taken, along with property from the other girls. They lost hundreds of pounds between them but the hotel said they should have realised the window was slightly open. The curtains were closed when they went in and they had no reason to open them or check whether the window was open or not. To lock the window they would have had to stand precariously on the kitchen counter, which is what the maintenance man had to do when he came to investigate. No help from the hotel at all - they said the girls left their possessions there at their own risk, which although true is what you…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",False Advertising.  Photos nothing like the reality!!!!!,"Check in at the designated hotel was a farce. q of 10/15 people waiting when we arrived. The majority of which were complaints and it took 30 plus mins to obtain key card to our studio apartment. We arrived to cleaners were still in there and finally had access an hour after the stated access time. The room was dated, doors hanging off, wires sticking our of walls, holes in floor and worst of all Stained Sheets on the bed. Bathroom had mould and leaking system and when daring to shower in the morning it flooded the entire bathroom floor. Economy is too good a word. Would never in a million years recommend staying here despite the good location. Sham !!! ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here! ,"Awful place. Dirty, beds uncomfortable, no view, one hour to check in and poor customer service! Bedding/rubbish in corridor. Not close to Hyde Park either. At least a 15 minute walk. Sink was cracked in the bathroom and the shower head was rusty! Everything looked tired. Reception staff awful and there was a family who were staying for 5 days but their room was flooded from apartment above! Terrible! ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,We had to pick up key from hotel. Big queue to check in and only 1 very unpleasant member of staff.  No apologies very rude and didnt seem to care.  When finally got key apartment was not clean drains smelled and shower dirty and toilet smell. Beds were very uncomfortable  and mattresses were old. All in all unpleasant stay and would not recommend. ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or20-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Budget room, close to the Tube and Hyde Park","Room was shabby, but the bed was comfortable, the shower hot and the kitchen equipped with the basics for cooking.  It is 5 minutes walk from Bayswater Tube station, and only 2 minutes walk to  Hyde Park.  We paid ahead for our room, so it was less than 60 quid per night for a 3 night stay.  Definitely not flash, and you have to be able to carry your luggage upstairs, but we were satisfied with a convenient location for a budget-friendly price",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Warning: unreliable,"We booked this hotel via booking.com. The conditions were: free cancelling until arrival and they would charge my card 3 days before arrival with the price of the first night (charged by Sleepcentral Ltd.). In fact they charged my card for the whole sum many months before arrival. They didn't explain really why. After reading more and more negative reviews in the mean time, I cancelled 4 weeks ago. Until now I still didn't get my money back! It is impossible to reach them by telephone, they don't answer emails, or only after 2 weeks you get an Email which isn't an answer. My conclusion: Hyde Park Economy Apartments is totally unreliable and it is best to keep far away from them!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing.,"Stayed here with a friend for a couple of nights recently. Beware the photos listed on booking.com are false. Looks nothing like em. It was a lot smaller than expected, lots of exposed wiring and pipes sticking out of the walls. Very thin/worn pillows which felt damp, we ended up wrapping our towels around the pillows. Also the place itself didn’t feel very safe, easy access to the building and non of the windows had locks on, which was unsettling given we had expensive items in the room. Tbh your better off just going for an ibis or travelodge which is around the same cost. We won’t be staying here again. ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Nasty Nasty Room. Go elsewhere.,"I can't believe some of the room pictures, because they are nothing like the Dirty shabby small horrid loft room room they put us in. Dirty greasy smelly oven, peeling paint, rotten dirty windows, dirty walls, mouldy toilet/shower room so small couldn't dry in it. Dangerous open electrics above shower, unbearably hot without heating and window open, had to liberate fan left on another landing. No cleaning, towels replaced or bin emptying as promised by reception, fly filled upon evening return. Non refundable booking through booking.com no offer of change as ""fully booked"".   DO NOT EXCEPT A ROOM WITHOUT INSPECTION FIRST. I would never use again. Not Disabled friendly many many steps, 4 floors, 7 flights of stairs.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",The very worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. This hotel is an embarrassment to Booking.com.,"The room leaked water for five days out of there ceiling from the shower in the room above it. The advertised air conditioning did not exist. The kettle, toaster, basin plugs and toilet rolls all listed on the booking confirmation were missing. The towels had holes. The toilet seat was broken. There was no servicing of the room for five days.. All of this was reported to management via our agent booking.com on day 1 but  after 5 days no one had even bothered to have a look at the room and remedy it . The property should have offered a full refund but wouldn't. I would like to warn all other prospective clients to be wary - you may too become a victim! ",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or25-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Nasty,For starters the men at the front desk were talking about how Americans had a lot of money...which made me feel uncomfortable as he held my card in his hand. My room was on the fourth floor. The rugs walking up the stairs were nasty. And even coming off the steps. We get to our room the bed isn’t even on a bed stand. It looked like it wast sitting on 2 different sized ottomans. The walls were black and had hand prints on them. There was no AC and it was so hot we had to keep a window open and that didn’t help at all. It was terrible. And too Top it off the bathroom had black mold ALL over the place. On the ceiling in the tub in the tiles....everywhere. We were even woken up by the neighbors at 5:30am blaring music. I would NEVER stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"The worst rooms I've ever stayed. The floor was broken ,the bathroom small and full of mold. The walls were dirty. We stayed at the third floor and in order to reach to our room we had to go up the stairs with our luggages. In the year 2019 there is no elevator at this building. It was a real nightmare.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL EVER!! BEDBUGGS !!!,"Horrible hotel, dirty, nasty beds! BEDBUGGS IN EVERY ROOM, i went in to take a look after bedbuggs. I HAD TO CHANGE ROOM 4 times before i got a bedbugg free room! What ever you do dont stay here! Arrogant guy in the hotel, he couldent even admit they had bedbuggs. I showed pictures and after lods of arguing i could change room. WORST place ever!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Average to poor but a good location,"It looks as thought this is the luck of the draw as to which room you get. We stayed in room 5 building number 30. It was on the ground floor at the back of the property next to a communal toilet although we didn't hear anyone use this. We had to wait 15 minutes to check in as our room hadn't been cleaned but the main lobby where you collect the room key was just a minute walk down the road. The apartment itself is basically just one large room. No windows but it had a small double bed and three single beds, a small table with chairs, a nice shower room/toilet and a small kitchen. The fridge was very noisy so I had to turn the thermostat to the off position. It was clean and in a good state of repair and adequate for one nights stay. The double bed was far too small for two…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Small but cheap,"Just back from a trip to London. Stayed at the Hyde Park Budget Apartments. Well as the name says it was cheap and cheerful. I paid £34 for a single room would I stay here again .... no I wouldn’t.   Shower was ok but dirty, it was so tiny there was no sink in there so had to clean teeth etc in the kitchen. There was a mirror!! But this was placed in the shower cubicle lol so putting make up on or drying your hair was impossible.   The kitchen area consisted of a broken microwave and a 2 ring grill with wires hanging out of the plug. Not ideal.   The bed was very comfortable tho.   It’s a shame as I feel this could be made so much nicer with just a few tweaks. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or30-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling condition of apartment,"We checked in at 2.00pm on the 30th Nov and checked out again by 3.30 after finding an apartment with the flooring that was lifting and damaged, the furniture was like something from a dump, damaged kitchen top,, damaged bed, paint flaking off all skirting boards, outside the window was a mess. We had to find alternative accommodation which cost us extra and we had to cut our trip short because they only had one night available in the new hotel.  I have complained and heard nothing and had no refund.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for visiting London,"The room was clean and located very close to 2 tube stations that cover all the central London, 3-4 stops to get to Oxford street. Bus stops are also available. A lot of cafes around the hotel. We will stay here again. The only negative that I can find is that there was no elevator, but ok, no big problem caused by this.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Seedy,"Spent 1 night there this week along with 3 colleagues. (The boss booked the accommodation without consultation, so it was a done deal). Beautiful long street of terraced house style buildings. You check in at the reception of number 66 and our accommodation was at number 13.   First thing that greeted us at number 13 was a really potent smell of skunk (the plant not the animal) and then it went downhill from there. We were on the third floor, and as there are no lifts, it's quite a climb when you're wrangling baggage.  Notably stained carpets and some of it coming loose on the stairs.  Colleague 1 - room smelled like stale cooking fat and general condition shabby. Colleague 2 (the boss) - room hadn't been serviced, meaning dirty dishes in the sink and a bed that had seen a bit…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"I never had a wink of sleep as I could hear rodents clawing at the plaster in the wall and ceiling cavities; also found several boxes of rodent bait under the kitchen units. That may explain the smell! Generally, the place was hazardous during my stay: damaged electrical sockets, light fittings hanging from ceiling, fire extinguisher hadn't been serviced in three years, trip hazard in hallway etc.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I booked this apartment six month's in advance so got a reasonable price for the location.   While the room was clean there was several things missing and not working.  I will acknowledge that when I raised them the next morning most got fixed by the time we got back that night.  I had chosen an apartment that had laundry facilities as I knew I would need to do laundry and this stage of our trip, the laundry was terrible, the machine was leaking and even though the staff said it had been fixed there was always water all over the floor, when I went to use the cleaners had been washing mop heads which had been left in there and were wet and smelly, so I did not use.  Check out was a pain as we had to walk up the road to return swipe card, we could not leave in the room.  My…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or35-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Proms in the park,"I booked this apartment for its location, easy access to hyde park. I realise economy , pain £88 night for double room so  expected basis. What i didnt expect was economy to = filthy . Disgusting , dont stay ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money ,We stayed at these apartments on the August bank holiday weekend for 3 nights. The apartments could do with a bit of tlc but ours was clean had everything a couple needs. Location is brilliant tube stations a 2 minute walk and Bayswater Road and Hyde park a stone's throw away. The price we paid was very good value for money. Also it's very close to a few very good restaurants and bars. Basically it's a place to sleep with London on your doorstep. Will be returning!  ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Everything worked, spacious but a bit creepy","Well, booked this apartment becasue it was very affordable. It was well equipped and everything actually worked in the room. What I was not initially prepared for was a basement room. The window opened up on a light shaft outside, but there were bars on the window. This made me very nervous in case of fire. However I went back into the hallway and found the fire escape door, which had broken glass from an apparent break in. Creepy.  Shower was great, kitchen was great, refrigerator worked well...although it heated the room. Thankfully not one but 2 very effective fans.  I came with  a car for the two day visit with my daughter. That was a mistake. Overnight parking in the local NPA parking garage was 32£ per 24 hours and was not manned, except for some dangerous looking people…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Awful service and standards,"Don’t normally write these type of things but my experience with this apartment and it’s staff was so bad I felt I had to .  Checked in at 2pm waited in a queue for 15 mins then waited a further 5 mins to be checked in, when me and my girlfriend finally walked into our apartment at about 2.30 we were shocked to find it wasn’t even cleaned and the bathroom was filthy with an awful smell . I went down a flight of stairs and saw a cleaner , I politely explained our rooms haven’t been done and our check in was at 2pm . She responded saying no one told her !  I then went to reception and spoke to a lady who actually laughed when I told her what the cleaner said which I thought was very unprofessional.. she told me to take a seat and a manager would speak to me . I waited 5 mins and a…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Just OK....,"You get what you pay for...  We booked a 2 bedroom apartment here as it was fairly reasonably priced.   It was two beds in one apartment.  The bathroom was super small and the shower was held together with duck tape.  Clean enough but just very very tired, with lots of small issues that a few hundred pounds would fix, handle comes off door, cupboards don't close, tables balanced with cardboard in duck tape...   Just 'basic'..",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or40-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great for a Budget ,"I stayed here for one night on a very hot evening. Yes it was warm in room, but it was warm everywhere.   Newly refurbished room. Clean and tidy. I was on the top floor and there are a few flights of steps, like most Lindon budget hotels.   I found service to be great and helpful.   I would recommend and am happy to stay there for the price, which was very competitive.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and okay rooms,"The location is good and near the tube and different bus lines. The staff is friendly. We collected the key at a hotel up the street. The room was okay and with a kitchenette. We got a room on the 4th floor and it got very hot since it was warm outside. So we had to open the window + the door to the hall. There was no elevator, so we were glad that we only had small suitcases with us. The room/apartment is cleaned every three days. All in all it was an okay place.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely location terrible stay,"We recently stayed here.  It was a great location shame about the accommodation.  First room broken air con.  Second room was in top of building and was so hot!! No fan and shower didn't work, third room huge but condition of furniture awful.  Simple things like a bath plug missing, and decorating is pretty appauling.  Such a shame as receptionist was so nice and helpful.  All this in less that 24hrs.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average room.","We stayed at the Hyde Park Economy Apartments for one night after a 24 hour flight from Australia. We got to the door to find a sign saying that we needed to check in at a hotel down the road, so make sure you check this first. The room itself was average, nothing fancy but not terrible. The air conditioner didn’t work, the toilet wasn’t installed properly and the seat was loose, and the shower had no door so it flooded the bathroom. The location was good so it was ok for one night, but I probably wouldn’t stay again.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, terrible apartments","We checked in for a 2 night stay on the 11th of June. It was my wife and I and our 4 month old daughter. On arrival the room was on the third floor with no lift. The bathroom seat was broken and was held together by a band aid (see photos). There was a huge amount of mould in the bathroom. We were then moved to a different room that had just been renovated, it was a lot nicer but the toilet didn’t flush, the shower didn’t drain, the laundry facilities were horrible and it looked like the entire building was being held together by a thread. All in all it was cheap and nasty. We wouldn’t stay again and we booked it off Groupon. The photos had definitely been staged as the apartments looked nothing like the images on Groupon.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or45-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and close to hyde park,"Cheap rooms with TV, wifi, a large bed and a decent bathroom. Close to hyde park and a walking distance to queensway, lancaster gate and paddington. No elevators so prepare to carry your luggage up steep stairs. Kind of hard to find the reception.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!,"Disgusting room Intercom not working  Persistent leak all night in the bathroom (equivalent to water torture) Raised laminate Dirty microwave  Terrible view of lots of rubbish dumped on the roof!  DO NOT EAT BREAKFAST I walked in at 9 to find no buffet style breakfast, I was waiting for 5 - 10 mins before a man arrived and told me to sit down and told me the routine had changed.  I was finally presented with 2 eggs and 2 slices of toast, a cup of coffee and a glass of orange juice, no one asked if I was ok or needed anything, they kept scuttling past staring at me!  I went to reception and advised them, they made an excuse but I said I will buy my own breakfast every morning (not ideal as I had already paid them!!!!)  I asked for towels as I had to use mine to soak up the flood…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DONT STAY HERE,Honestly... there are not enough letters to allow me to tell you the extent of how AWFUL this place was. Woke up to my baby crying because she was soaking wet from someone's toilet or shower dripping all over her. DISGUSTING and the staff barely apologized and put us in a worse room after which I'm amazed was even possible. Room was filthy and bed sheets were not clean. ,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",...,"uncomfortable, messy, unclean ... The bed was terrible. The toilet and the kitchen look like you'll pick up some sickness. The whole furniture looked like it would crumble. Pictures on the booking page do not have any appearance with the layout of the apartment. worst place in life. I would not recommend this place to even the worst enemy. I am very disappointed. I did not expect anything so terribly.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The only good with this hotel was the Location. I wouldn't stay there again to be honest . The place needs immediate renovation, Reception for the guests in order not to walk to another place to get their keys, train their staff to make customer life easier. The reservation was for a triple room it is not right to go to your room after a long day and to find out that you have to open and make the bed. It is not right to inform you that your room is ready and go there and find the cleaning ladies there and inform you that you have to go back later. It is not right to find blanket only for one bed instead of two.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or50-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, average room","We picked this place due to its close location to Bayswater/Queensway underground stations. It is also very near the bus stop which can take you straight to Marble Arch/Oxford Street (bus #7, 23, 94).   We thought that by having a kitchenette & table, it would be more spacious but truth is everything is cramped - the bed is literally next to the kitchen stove, fridge, TV and sink. There are more than 200+ TV & radio channels to choose from though, so that's pretty cool. Wi-fi is ok.   As most accommodations in London, no lifts - so you would have to carry your heavy luggage up the stairs.   One note though, the check-in is at Whiteleaf Hotel about a block away (66, Iverness Terrace. This property is at 11-13). Check-in is easy and they also let you store your luggage for free…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",would not recommend this hotel,"Good location, close to the tube and restaurants and supermarkets. Staff at reception ok. The place is run down, in great need of maintenance (there came water up from the floorboards....) , poorly cleaned, not enough wc-paper, bad beds but clean linen, no sofa like it was in the pictures. Wifi didn´t work.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Still value for money,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments We stayed here 4 years ago and were satisfied overall. Its location with 2 railway stations within walking distance makes the area extremely attractive to visitors to London. Sainsbury and Tesco are located close to Bayswater underground and various restaurants and one pub. All are within a 5 minute walk from the apartments. We chose the basement apartment again and were pleasantly surprised to find it had been renovated. We needed to descend about 16 stairs . It had everything we required, ironing board, stove, fridge, microwave etc. Potential residents should be warned there is no lift in the building. We will stay here again if the occasion arises. We booked with Agoda and the confirmation document says that you must check in at No 55 Inverness…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Rude staff, appalling rooms! A definite 0","Absolutely vile place, and I'm not allowed to not give it any starts!!  had a disgusting, dirty room, no hot water and I found at least 5 things health and safety related!  When we confronted the recpionist her attitude was appalling, very rude and quick to snap! Alongside the manager who didn't resolve anything just Palmed us off with an email!  We've complained via email to be told nothing is going to be done because we didn't report it as soon as we entered the room!   Every little bit of evidence I have is going to be taken further, personally this place should he shut down before someone does get seriously hurt!!!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",BST Concert Hyde Park,"I would give this so called apartment zero stars(if Trip Advisor would let me) for the money paid it was a disgrace a run down disgusting place that I hope when people read this review and see the attached photos will stay  well away!! I'm surprised that Booking.com even have it on their site, we could of stayed in a 5star apartment for the same price,half the lock was missing from the door that lead to the balcony,the balcony joined to others and was easily accessible,I had to sleep on a fold up bed up against the door so my partner and her daughter felt safe to sleep!!! There were long black hairs stuck to the bath room ceiling (sorry shoe box)  never been in a so called bathroom so small was a complete joke,we felt the whole place was so disgusting we couldn't even bring our…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or55-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not very good but extremely cheap,"booked this as was dirt cheap to say with friends for a work event we were going too. On arrival we were put in a massive apartment however when we went upstairs on of the beds was wet and we noticed a big hole and leak in the wall. we went to reception and they gave us a second key, when we arrived this one was fine however none of the beds had been made up one of them was  a camp bed folded up.  When we returned from the event we went to in London, the corridor had a homeless man in it that jumped out at us so we ran to our room petrified and couldnt sleep as the door wasn't locked.  Even though we cannot moan completely about the apartment or the beds (as we only paid £22 each for 5 Adults and 1 night in london) but we can complain that we did not feel 1 bit safe and for that…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"Reasonable apartment for the price but on 4th floor and no lift. Helpful staff at scheck in (Whyteleaf Hotel) Clean and basic. Close to Hyde Park, Queensway and Bayswater tube stations. Lots of bars and restaurants close by",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Weekend Trip - Tina was amazing! ,"Just returned from a weekend trip at the Hyde Economy Apartments, with my partner. Tina greeted us at reception and was really helpful, she was an absolute angel. The room was clean and spacious, especially as we wasn't expecting the best as we got such a great deal.   Definitely recommend thanks to its central location close to the tube. We visited Buckingham Palace, Westminster Bridge, Harrods, Soho, Covent Gardens and Camden Markets!   The only negative was key collection, it was a little confusing when we got there as we had to check in  at the hotel. However, this confusion was due to booking.com not making it clear on the paperwork and not the hotel.   Will return, thanks for a great weekend. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Rubbish Maintenance","Firstly the location is great. The proximity to The Tube, Hyde Park, supermarkets and every type of cafe/restaurant is superb. However if you value a good night's sleep, don't stay here. I have given 2 stars because of the locality and cost, but the accommodation is really very poor.   On arrival my child sat on the sofa and immediately started crying as there was no padded so he had just sat directly on a sharp piece of wood covered in fabric. The fourth bed had most of its slats missing. It was quickly replaced by another bed with the wrong sized mattress. What type of accommodation vendor gets the bed wrong twice?  The TV had to be retuned from the beginning taking about 15 minutes, about half of the light bulbs were blown, the shower head was broken in half meaning the…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",In need of renovation!,"We rented a studio for 2 days. The kitchen was well furnished and everything worked. The whole building, the walls, stairs, carpets are really old and used. But the worst for us was the noise. First from inside the room, the fridge was awfully loud, and second from the neighbours; the floors are thin and you can hear every single step or when people are watching TV, so we had trouble sleeping. The staff was very professional, but the reception is a block away from number 13, in a much nicer building, which I thought was quite misleading given the condition of the room.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or60-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Stated at Hyde Park Economy Apartment 24 January - 02 February 2017,"This was our second trip to London and stayed at Hyde Park Economy Apartment. Room was fit for two persons. From my online booking through Booking.com, I was asking for 1st floor but given on 2nd floor which was quite tired. My son and myself were hardly sleep well due to our neighbours slammed the door or even sound like bang the walls with a lot of noises. I wanted to change room but i sure feel will be the same situation. Door knob for our room was a bit loose and felt insecured and we have to put our heavy  luggage bags to the door.  From 3rd floor we can easliy heard foodsteps and even dragging the chairs. We liked to stay at those apartments at Hyde Park because very convenience near to both Station Queensway and Bayswater though a bit frustrated about the noisy situation.…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",No toilet roll & super noisy neighbor. No thank you!!,"Good thing about this hotel was its location. Very easy to find from Queensway tube station and there were some supermarkets nearby so it was very handy. But this is as good as this hotel gets.   About the hotel itself, struggle to find something good about, to be honest.  They had shampoo & soap ready for us but NOT TOILET ROLL! Hot water was only LUKE WARM. It didn't matter how long I ran the shower. DID NOT GET ANY WARMER.  This is not hotel's fault but we had a very very noisy neighbor upstairs so we could hear every step they made and they were noisy after midnight, shouting & screaming. I probably had only 6 hours sleep over 2 nights of stay.   I can't recommend this hotel to anybody.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",All Lies!!,"This listing is a rip-off! I booked two apartments for my staff and myself while we were working in London only to be faced with a dirty smelly apartment after a 19 hour shift. When we complained they moved us to an apartment which had a blocked toilet and all its content coming over into the bathroom! we were then told to put up with it until the morning! we refused to move from the hotel reception until they found someone to sleep! well. We were moved to a room with broken beds and again the cleanness and smell was the norm for this place!  with no solution, I found another apartment and demanded my money back in full! still fighting for this! RIP OFF!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"It wasn't the perfect apartment but it was clean,in good location and good value for money.Every day we went to the reception to tell her to clean the towels and get new ones and they always served us with a smile.They even provided a mobile phone including in the price to travel and use it for maps and to call to our country so we don't use our mobile as it will be more expensive.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Dirtiest bathroom ever,"We are a young family travelling with a baby, we asked the recepcionist for a well vantilated and quite room as we were travelling with a 6 months old baby. When we arrived, they assignated us a second floor no-lift room. It was the dirtiest appartment I have ever seen, the bathroom had a really strong orine smell. We talked to the front desk for getting house kipping in the middle of the stay (because they just ""clean"" every 4 days), and appart for Travelling with a baby, I am dust allergic and it was horribly dirty... They told us that they will try to do their best, when we arrived to the not cleaned room they had just changed the towels...",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or65-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you paid for.,Not sure why everyone is complaining it's an economy hotel not the ritz. Yes it's outdated but for a cheap stay in London it's ideal. It's basic it's clean and tidy enough. Yes you have to check in at a different place but it's on the same street not an underground ride away!. Recommend this for an easy cheap getaway for a day or two. Didn't come to sit in a room all day.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Would give 0 stars if possible,"This hotel is horrible do not book here. The pictures have nothing to do with the actual location. The room was dirty, bed full of hair strands, pillows were ripped, there was no hand soap, and overall appearance was unpleasant. The lights were all turned off when we entered and the building looked abandoned and we could not hear or see anyone else in the building (now we know why). There is no elevator and the reception desk is in another building down the street. Reception is not reachable unless you want to pay a fee for using the phone in the room. ALSO, the wifi does not even work. I do not understand why this hotel is still in business when the hostel down the street seemed nicer. We decided to check out immediately and risk not getting refunded but did not feel…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Night in London ,Normally stay in hotels but decided to have a change. Loads of steps to enter apartment as third floor. Apartment good size and clean. Decorations a bit loud and ornaments strange but who cares only sleeping here. Sadly the bed is two singles pushed together and the bathroom has so mould in places Toliet tight to wall but all in all a comfy stay. Shower very good.Must say it's the quietest place I've slept in London very quiet out side. You get what you pay for 😃,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Hyde Park accomodation ,"The location was perfect, two train stations nearby and we found it very easy to get around on the trains. Kensington Gardens are at the end of the street, perfect for early evening strolls. The accommodation was clean and tidy, and the staff friendly. Would definitely return on our next visit. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Appalling service, tiny rooms, not value for money","I regret not reading the reviews before I booked. The area was good and the metro was nearby but the reception was 200 meters away from the actual apartment and this was not advertised on the website. The receptionist was unfriendly and did not negotiate an early check-in even if paid (we traveled over 24 hours from Australia) or a room upgrade. We had to leave the luggage there and went on an all-day tour. When we returned after 4:00pm the room or toilet on the 4th floor apartment were not clean yet, the bed was not made. Disgusting. They then gave us a smaller study on the third floor and there was no elevator. The studio was a cubby house with tiny shower and we had to leave the luggage in the kitchen. The bed was small and uncomfortable, next to the stove. The 'view' was of…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or70-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have stayed in. ,"This is the worst hotel I have ever had the displeasure to stay in. Dirty, smelly and staff who simply could not care less. When they say they supply toiletries they mean a piece of soap. Don't try to hang anything in the wardrobe as there simpky isn't room. Avoid this place. It is horrible. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not a bad size Apartment,"Stayed 1 night (4 of us ) Room was a good size , 1 Double , Pity the bathroom was full 1 single and a double pull out bed , all comfortable , Pity the bathroom was full of mould the shower head and dial was full of lime scale , Kitchen area the cups were all chipped the fridge froze all that was in there , In side the building the stair carpet was all lose you have to be careful not to get your feet caught, You have to collect the key from up the road ( 24 hrs reception ) Not bad location easy to find , Price was good and i supose reflects the above .",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for :(,Great location..... but know these are exactly what they say they are economy accommodation .... The sheets are clean... but everything else is well used and very basic... down to the screw in the wall curtain tie backs... best price ...  would I use again ?  Not a chance !,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Terrible,"Family of 5, including 3 mid teem to early 20's. Advertised as a '2 Room' apartment it would be that one bedroom for the 2 parents and the younguns use the other bedroom. Well no... it's one room where there is a mezzanine upper floor been added (badly) and 2 'double' beds on the upper parts and fold out bed on lower half. General cleaning standard poor, no provided tea/coffee etc, no lock on shared balcony door and just a latch. Shower room very cramped and unclean ie mouldy grout. Some worn pants left in the wardrobe... no iron to go with the board, lamp shade missing from lamp, wires loose and sparking at the back of microwave so didn't use, front door didn't feel secure, missing poles on banister and absolutely zero sound proofing! The beds on the upper parts are so close to…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible internet,Hotel should make their check in process clearer. Having booked this through a travel website I recieved no details that upon arrival guests have to go down the road to a hotel to check in. I clearly wasn't the only one as whilst I was stood at the apartment trying to figure out what to do several other guests arrived with the same problem.  Once inside the room was slightly below the standard I would expect for this price in this area. It was not well maintained and the electrical sockets were questionable and sparked when I unplugged devices.   Major failing was the internet. Wouldn't even open a simple page so basically the hotel doesn't have internet. I had to use my phone to hotspot. Stay somewhere else.,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or75-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Family of 5,Being a family of 5 we struggle with hotel rooms and this was one of the cheapest but ok'ishly (is that a word?) reviewed properties in central London so I took a gamble and booked it via an offer with American Express.  As other people have mentioned you need to check into a hotel further down the same road to get your key but it wasn't too much hassle.  We only stayed one night and booked a Studio room with a mezzanine bedroom and kitchenette.  It was more than adequate although very warm and this was in April.  The entire apartment was clean and bedding was so very white that you could see if there were any stains (thumbs up housekeeping).  Checkout was smooth.  The area was very close to 2 subway stations and Hyde park.  There were numerous places to eat for all budgets…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, found cockroach!","When we arrived to our apartment it stank of paint and there was an open paint bucket still in there and the lid on he floor.   We got moved to another room where the shower plug didn't work and flooded the bathroom, there was no shower hook so I had to hold the shower head while I showered. There was no temperature control on the shower and it wouldn't turn back off easily. The next day when I moved one of the towels used to soak up the water, a cockroach came out and snuck behind the toilet.   The window was stuck and wouldn't open and there was no air con so it was boiling.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful but wasted,"I stayed here for 2 nights with my friends as it was close to Hyde Park. Upon arrival we were excited to have booked such a wonderful apartment in such a stunning building. The living area was small but that was fine, we didn't plan to spend much time there. The layout was great with the bedroom overlooking the lounge area. There was a door leading out to a little balcony which was nice, especially as it allowed air into the otherwise hot & stuffy apartment. Upon sitting on the sofa, after an evening of travelling, it tipped forward. The dining chairs were wobbly & unstable also. In the kitchen,the plug for the kettle was unscrewed & unsafe.  The tiny bathroom left barely any room to stand in the space infront of the sink with the door closed & the toilet seat was loose.…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Very Poor Standard of accommodation,"The Superior Double Studio at 30 Inverness Terrace was anything but superior.  The room was cramped, unclean, damaged furniture and stained doona's on the bed.  The bathroom was so small with very poor ventilation that we needed to keep the door open whilst taking a shower and then we had to dry ourselves in the bedroom.  The noise from the other tenants became unbearable and we left 3 days earlier than planned.  We had asked our travel agent for twin beds, only to find there was one double bed and a sofa that was meant to be the other bed, this was also very grubby. The beds did not have mattress or pillow protectors and the bed linen was threadbare.  I have also written to our travel agent, as I hold them partially responsible too.  There was no lift in the building, no…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS WILL EAT YOU!!!!,I stayed at this hotel recently. They had bed bugs and i had terrible bites all over my body. They first told me that they will refund me but they didn't even reply my emails or answer my calls. Terrible hotel-terrible management- and terrible manager. Don't even think to go in the rooms!!!!,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or80-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",hyde park economy apartments,location is great and budget friendly. Very close to the subway station. Other than that don't expect more. The bathrooms were not clean. Half of the electronic devices they provide in the room are not working. Breakfast was ok.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",WHICH ONES ARE THEY REFERRING TO,"Our recent trip to the UK allowed us a few days in London. We booked an apartment, Hyde Park Quality Apartments but when we went to register we were redirected to another building to register. At this building we registered and again were redirect to  our accommodation, in another building. When we finally got to our ""apartment"" we were disappointed to say the least, the word QUALITY had disappeared. To cut a long story short we have since found out there are a number of  ""HYDE PARK APARTMENTS"" but each are of different quality it's a case of Buyer Beware, fully research what you are booking, price means nothing.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Basement 1 bedroom with window in looking to walls,"The apartment is conveniently located about 35mins away from London Heathrow airport. Nearby is sainbury store and plenty of food outlets.  The apartment we stayed in is no 4 at 32 block. One bedroom one bathroom with a kitchenette. yIt has a TV, small portable fridge, kettle, toaster machine, electric burners, pots and basic dining set. The mattress in the bedroom is already worn out as it sunk in when u sit on it. The living room sofa converts to a double bed. It fits comfortably for 4 pax.The bathroom lacks the most sought after bidet for us Asians.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for - Outstanding Location !!!,"This is a run down service apartment at inverness terrace but hey at GBP75 a night, this is probably the best your will get in this location. It was 2 minute walk from Kennsington gardens and Hydepark and so if you are there for the summer then this is the place for a budget London stay. As I said, nothing wrong with the place except a but old and run down but linens were clean. The reception is a good 2 blocks (64-68 Invesrness)  away so please go there before you go to the apartment or it will mean dragging your luggage 400 mts. Ideally located to explore London city with the Queensway tube just around the corner and more and enough eating our places at Quensway and Bayswater. Could get a bit too touristy as well",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a central London stay,"I booked a 5 bed apartment for me and my friends for one night for my 21st birthday, and it was the perfect location to stay for a night out. Located close to Queensway tube station, it is the perfect location for exploring central London.  The apartment was clean and tidy, although it was falling apart a bit and was very basic. I would say it needed a bit of TLC, but it didn't really bother us. A lot of the cupboards and door handles were falling off, which wasn't a problem but is something to bear in mind if you were perhaps staying for longer. The beds were clean and comfortable, and the apartment was stocked with various amenities such as a TV, towels, iron and a few plates, cups etc in the kitchen.  Although there is a kitchen, if I was staying for longer I wouldn't have…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or85-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Lots to talk about,Ok so starting with a positive . Ideal location next to bayswater tube. Upon arrival at 11-13 as address stated there was a note on the door informing us we had to go to 66 to check in.. Wasn't informed of this when booking. Apts are old and outdated..walls are paper thin.. safe to say we heard everything our neighbours were doing...  everything! We had apt 46 located er 5 flights of stairs up..no lift.. bathroom was disgusting.. grime all over the shower and not sure the dimensions allow for a 4 year old to sit comfortably on the loo. Ideal if you plan to not spend lots of time in the room.. double  bed was two singles pushed together.. and noisy.. got no sleep thanks to the neighbours..,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Terrible Terrible,Do not be fooled by the photos its just terrible. The door wont lock good the window doesn't lock at all easy to get in through it. No elevator a lot of stairs it's problematic with luggage. Wifi is a joke even if you were able to connect it is too slow to do anything and it disconnects easily. In the bathroom there was no place to sit on the toilet if you are slightly over weight even it will be an incredible inconvenience. Safe was locked and staff were absolutely no help whatsoever. I know it's cheap but NOT WORTH THE MONEY YOU SAVE!!,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and small studio next to Queensway station,"We stayed in Hyde Park economy apartments for 3 nights on May with my friend. Room was very basic, nothing fancy, but good place for sleeping. Our room was on third floor, where we had to carry our bags, and there was no elevator in the house. Stairs are very narrow, so it was quite hard to get the luggage in the room.  The reception was in another hotel by the same street, on Whiteleaf hotel, and we had to wonder a quite long time where to get the key and where to check in.  We did our booking by Booking.com and there was said that everyday cleaning was included, but we didn't see any cleaning during our stay. We had to buy more toiletpaper ourself because they had left one already half-used paper roll for the weekend. So beware, there is no daily cleaning.  And the free WiFi…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and nasty,"I stayed at Hyde Park Apartments for a week, having to move out from my flat during refurbishment. I was looking for an inexpensive place to stay. My expectations were very low but oh boy was I disappointed!! On arrival the room was boiling hot, couldn't open the sash window, handle broke in my hand and pigeons seating on the ledge... Dirty walls, pointless kitchen, fridge blocking the wardrobe access, mouldy and dark shower, wafer-thin towels, insanely soft bed. I was informed by reception that the room wouldn't be cleaned unless I asked 3 days before!! Don't be fooled by the location, yes it's situated near Hyde park but the area is filled by cheap hotels and tourists.  This 'hotel' makes Travelodge looks like a five stars hotel.  Look somewhere else!",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,Even though it's very cheap for London it's not worth spoiling your break. The place is in need of a total refurbishment. Even my son who is used to student accommodation was shocked. Feel dirty after a shower!!! Vile place with very thin walls you can hear what's going on above or next door.... Simply horrible.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or90-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and great value for the price,"We were three friends on a trip to London for a weekend. We booked this place mostly due to the location as it is 3 minutes to Queensaway Metro st - Central Line (red line) that takes you in all the central parts of London. We were positively surprised by the exterior aspect, then y the service and by the apartment itself. We had nr 11-13, but mind the fact that the reception is at nr 66 and it is there where you need to check in and out. There is enough space for 4 people in the two rooms and there is a small kitchen doted with everything you need. The bathroom is really nice and clean and it has hairdryer, shampoos soap and loads of towels. The only downside was the wifi as it was quite slow but we didn't mind it so much. The stuff is really nice and helpsom.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, Very poor overall.","I visited this hotel to visit some friends and do a charity walk in Hyde park. Reception: On your booking you are given the address of the building you are staying in, not of the reception, which is down the street - After travelling 5 hours, you don't want to drag your luggage down the street.   You are greeted with a pleasant staff member, who takes the payment from your card. There where a few during my 2 night stay. One was friendly, another said there was nothing he could do when i complained about the bed.   On checkout, i was asked how my stay was, i looking really tired from a lack of sleep, said not great, and i was just stared at.   I booked a room with a double bed, which turned out to be 2 singles, not even strapped together with two single overly soft mattress with…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting London 19 - 24 January 2016,"The Apartments are convenience to shops and easy access to underground tube at Quuensway and train at Bayswater. Fast food at King Burger and McDonald's. We bought groceries from TESCO, paying cash at counter but paying card, we need to scarn our buying items ourself at the scanning mechine. Unfortunately TV was not working. Sadly and frustrated as our neighbour made noises probably they have party or karaoke, made lots of noises.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting ,"Here's a list of what's wrong with this hotel: Steep stairs with no lift and the building is like a maze  Out dated decor Where you check in is a completely different building to where you stay Reception staff had the audacity to mock a forgien family who were also checking in, facial expressions included!!! The whole building literally smells disgusting  The room wasn't cleaned after the previous guests had left Upon arrival into our room we were greeted by angry cleaners adamant that we had overstayed our welcome and told to leave!! Beds and bedsheets were stained and unmade Faulty shower  No air-con  Room was filled with bluebottle flies  Paper thin walls, could hear the other guests cough (and more!!)  Just generally a horrible hotel, although the location is very good. Do…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty disgusting and not worth 1 star!!  ,"Wow this place really really takes the biscuit! Checked in in the morning and room wasn't ready so had to go then Arrived late and had no choice but to stay there, never again!!!  To say the room was dirty was an understatement, you couldn't see in the mirrors, there was a dreadful smell from the shower, beds were torn, etc etc.. Upon checking out we said we weren't happy and explained we were told to email, which we have, no reply! No refund, no apology!  Be WARNED IT IS NOT THE HOTEL IN THE PICTURES!!  These are a few pics, but really don't sum up the state of the place.   ",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or95-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London!,"Only Asian TV channels in room. No hot water. Boiling Hot rooms. Filthy Cuttlery. Walls are marked, door handles are barely hanging on. Windows open to cool down room, but are covered in bird droppings. We only stayed for one night, and would never do so again! Staff at reception were pleasant enough...that's the only positive! I would rate this zero if I could. Avoid at all costs ",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Awful. The room is totally different from what I expected from the picture. It's not worth the money...  The bathroom smells like kimchi and shower is broken.  It's very dirty and bed is not double if you book double. They put two singles together and make it look like double. It is very uncomfortable.,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"My husband and I stayed here for 7 days in October, the rooms were small and very hot and the no lift was inconvenient, but for what we paid for the room it was ok. The bed was comfortable. We did not go to London to sit in a room all day all night. The hotel served its purpose... sleeping.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Basic ,Stayed with BigDez whose review is bang on. No frills and served its purpose and I don't think he was to blame for the lack of beds. The place to check in was a bit random and far away but got there in the end. It could do with an overhaul as some areas looked a bit poor. Really good shower though. ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",It served it's purpose ,"I went online to find a last minute booking for a single night in central London and found this place. The pictures online made it look very spacious so we booked it right there without looking for anything else. 3 blokes on a train and a few beers later we arrived at the address which was 11-13 but I can't remember anything online saying you need to go to number 55 which is where the reception is? Could be my fault and anyway after pressing most of the buttons someone came up from the basement door and showed us to where we needed to be.  The check in was fine so no issues there. We were in B6 which is a basement room, all reasonable so far! We had booked a 3 bed apartment. We opened the door to a double bed and a single pull out chair bed. Luckily we are all good mates and two…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or100-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly what it says on the tin! ,"Booked in here for a two day stay in London. Superb location less than a minutes walk from queensway tube and surrounded by some decent eateries.  The bedroom and kitchen area were clean and tidy,  and bed comfortable,  though not a fan of pushed together singles.  Bathroom was adequate and let the place down. A decent shower but the decor was getting tired,  mould in the grouting,  dirty paintwork and broken shelf under sink.  However,  for £63 per night in central London we thought it was a bargain and would definitely return next time we're in town. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Currently staying in this hotel with my friend bed is right next to a single glazed window with dust sheets for curtains, constant knocking on the window and very bright in the room from the street lighting so unable to get to sleep would not recommend this hotel to anyone ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not so good,"Even if we had a nice time in London and in the complex the apartment was not the worst, it was full of problems: - It is very difficult to find the right place where the reception actually is because it is not in the same place where the apartments are. So in the reservation you find the apartments' address, but it is not underlined that the reception is 200 meters away. - The apartment was dirty, as we came in it we could find hair and dirty bed sheet. - The super small toilet was stinky - There was not toilet paper during all our stay. And, as the reception is not near or downstairs we couldn't go and ask so easily. - There was not a lift and we were on the 3rd floor, with super high stairs. My mum had her leg operatio in March and she found difficulties to ""climb ""the…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Stay elsewhere!,"Visited London with my boyfriend and stayed at the Hyde Park Economy Apartments. Booked a double room but got two twins pushed together, the wifi didn't work, the glasses and mugs provided were filthy, the bathroom was damp and mouldy, provided with the thinnest of duvets which wasn't quite a double. On going to check out at 9.15 the reception wasn't even open so handed the key over to a cleaner instead. Definitely won't be back! ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Better than reviews, but something wrong ","We were desperate and booked here before reading the terrible reviews. Strangely, you arrive at number 11, it's locked, and there is no sign to tell you to check in at number 55.  If there is anything requiring you to go back to reception it's a long way. Our room was 4th floor (no lift) and it was small but clean.  There is something strange going on with billing. We were billed what we were quoted on line at booking. But at the desk they seemed to quote a lower figure, telling us what they receive from a booking agent. I got the impression the desk staff are alert to and tired of complaints. When I mentioned a problem with the banister they did not seem very interested. At the end of the day you are paying for an apartment not a hotel's hospitality, and an apartment is what…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or105-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",The services provided by the Hyde Park Economy Apartments,"I lodged in a double-bed room of the Hyde Park Economy Apartment for 14 nights in September. As per their rules, room cleaning will only be provided upon request. However, I received only one room cleaning service including a change of bed sheet  and two dumping of towels in the room for the entire period of 14 nights despite I put my request every two/three days. I needed to clean the room myself and clear the rubbish from the bin myself and brought it to the street every night. Furthermore the wifi was unstable,and  frequently disrupted. A terrible and disappointed experience.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Accomodation for Party in the Park,Great little apartment lovely comfy double bed - small and compact but needed somewhere close to Hyde Park for the gig and close to the tube - ideal for both - highly recommend if u need somewhere for a couple of nights - has towels but is a self-catering apartment so little else in there but just exactly what we required,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good Apartment,"Staying with total of 8 person. I have booked 2 apartment. Arrive early almost 9am and they are allowed us to check in. The only thing during check in the hotel staff was asking GBP400 even I have told everything was paid thru booking.com.   We have booked 2 apartment. 1apartment with 5beds and another apartment with 2beds. The 2beds apartment not so good location because is underground. Not suite for elderly.  No lift. You need to used stairs.  The beauty of this apartment is nearest to Bayswater Station-5mins walked and near to Hyde Park-just across the roads.   For those Malaysian, is nearest to Malaysian Hall. Just across another building.  Easy to find food, souvenir shop. Easy access to public transport.  Will stay at this area for next trip.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good.....,"I found this flat lodging quite good, location is fantastic (walking distance to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations), the kitchen and all  the flat is equipped  with all you need. The only things just a bit negative......no lift and if you want to have  the  room cleaning you Must ASK.... otherwise nobody comes to do it. Staff was nice and helpful.  I would definitely recommend it...",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",stay away!,we stayed for 3 nights. they give us an apartment on the same street but a few buildings. before.  the apartment was situated on the very last flat of the building actually underground.  at night we discovered a lot of visitors (bugs)  around the room and especially on the bathroom.  really awful experience.  ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or110-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, otherwise needs improving...","I selected this hotel for the location, which was absolutely brilliant. Also the price was OK and I thought I could save a couple of bucks ;)  The building was nice and pretty, however not so nice to realize you are staying in the attic room and there is no elevator. The room itself was spacious, clean and nice, even though basic.   Seems nice enough when you only basically are at the hotel to shower and sleep, however I wouldn't go back:   - There was an air conditioner in the room, but it was not working properly. Unnecessary to say the temperature soared during the warm summer months. - The mattress in the room was terrible, lumpy and bumpy. Didn't get a decent night's sleep the whole time I was there.  - The cleaning lady (That had not even taken out trash during our stay)…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away!,"This place sucks!  I came here with wife and two young girls because we were in need of a family room and the price seemed right for an ""apartment"".  We arrived with bags/stroller/kids in tow and we're sent to no fewer than 5 reception bldg's, which were all a block away from eachother,  before we got the right one. The lobby looked more like a half way house reception desk than a hotel lobby.  We were given a key and then walked back up the street a block to our bldg, which had no elevator, so my wife and I made several trips up and down the stairs only to find out that someone was in the room they'd given us when I opened the door.  By the time we got kids and bags back down stairs I was fuming.  The manager promised to ""upgreyd"" (idiocracy refrence) our room.   It took them…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DANGEROUS - and Credit Card fraud by hotel,"I will never recommend this hotel to anyone for two reasons:  1) During my stay, for FOUR (4) times, other guests unlocked the door of my room with another key given to them by the hotel reception, and just walked in! This happened while I was changing clothes, while I was sleeping, while I was in the shower - and I honestly don't know for how many more times people have entered while I was not there! As a single woman traveller, this felt extremely unsafe in every way.   2) This hotel charged me the fee equivalent to 1 extra night for NO reason! I stayed for 5 nights, but on my credit card bill there were two transactions: one for 5 nights (which I signed and paid for), and one for 1 more night - which the hotel just charged WITHOUT my knowledge and consent! I did not sign for…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!!!!,"Rude and lazy staff, they don't even answer the phone and are pretty unhelpful. The room was very basic which was fine but we had no hot water and it was so hot and stuffy. I think for the money you can find a much nicer/better hotel, the only good thing was the location.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Total and utter crap,"This was without doubt the worst experience I've ever had in a apartment/ hotel, and that includes back packing in Turkey 30 years ago! Filthy, smelly shower, a bed that collapsed, chair you couldn't pull out because the bed was in the way. Cracked window panes, door had been forced, fire escape that was a series of signs pointing back down the stairs you've just come up. Toilet you could only sit on sideways. Dreadful, dreadful, dreadful. Sleep in the gutter it would be cleaner. DO NOT STAY HERE",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or115-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting filthy hole!!!,"What a disgusting dirty hole! Great price so I was expecting basic but clean. The address given is no. 11-13 Inverness Terrace but you have to check in at no.55. Why isn't this on any information?!?! On arrival, there was rubbish all over the hall way, old beds, bags of washing and pieces of wood! A real tip. Room was filthy and hadn't been cleaned for a long time. This is a beautiful property that has been left to go to rack and ruin, no maintenance, no cleaning but happy to keep taking people's hard earned cash when they do nothing to actually earn it. Don't stay here if you have any standards at all. The only positive thing I can say is it's a good location. What a shame.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.,"My husband and I stayed for two nights and read the reviews after we had booked. We therefore didn't expect too much. After picking up the keys we entered a cluttered hallway (boxes, laundry, old chest of drawers which remained throughout our stay) We were on the top floor a hike but manageable. The room itself was clean but tired. Bathroom could have done with abit of maintenance but overall it was adequate for a short economy stay. It was really hot at night though and we had to leave the windows open which was a little noisy. If the owners cleared the cluttered hallways and removed the ditched washing machine, mattresses and other crap which was chucked out on the back patio but in full view, it would approve the appearance and give a better impression overall.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Apartment from Hell,"Arrived at number 11, to find I had to walk back to number 55 to collect a key.  Arrived to find they had already charged my card!  Rude staff.  Walked back up the road to access the apartment.  On entry to the rabbit warren with no signs to where the apartment was, we eventually found our property next door (Apartment G7).  Opened the door, what an absolute disgrace.  Crappy leather sofa as 2nd bed, windows with mastication and curtains that struggled to open that made the property so dark I thought I was in Alaska in the winter.  Windows that would not open.  A TV the size of a computer screen.  A filthy dirty kitchen and bathroom and all for the price of £205 per night.  How dare you?  This was absolutely highway robbery.  The photos on booking.com looked nothing like the…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",worst accomodation I have experienced in 35 years of extensive trarvel,"To access the allocated room was by 82 stairs no lift and the carpet was in need of repair with a number of trip hazards.The entrance is like the room dated ,the shower was a disgrace overall appearance with no headboard or valance set the scene. I was booked for two nights and checked out after one the staff did nothing other than say it is your choice for an early check out. I have already instructed our global company to log and avoid at all cost",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"Very tired apartment - bathroom shelf hanging off the wall, mould in the shower. Obviously not been updated in a long time - a cash cow for the owner. There are better places to stay for much cheaper.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or120-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Has loads of potential, on an absolutely gorgeous street near Bayswater tube station. From the front it is a massive white town house.  The people on check in are friendly enough, and check in didn't take too long.   After turning up at the apartment, and having to go across to the other side of the street to check in, we then had to travel back and climb up five flights of stairs.   At the bottom of theres stairs, there is piles upon piles of laundry bags that never went anywhere.  There is a balcony on the first floor, and throughout our stay the doors were never closed.   We got into our room and found it to be dated, dirty and tiny - NOTHING like the photos.  The ""double bed"" was made up of two single, different, beds pushed together, and covered with a double sheet.   The…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Below average, but its a cheap place to stay in a great location","Having not read any review and booking the hotel on last minute was slightly disappointed on arrival. The room was okay, looked very worn out but was big enough for the two of us.  The bathroom was very tired and had cracked/missing tiles and the main room floor was damaged. The bed was very hard and the duvet very thin.  Two minute walk from hyde park and only a few minutes to the tube stations.  We were realistic and didn't expect 5* luxury for £80 a night, so this didn't bother us too much and we still had a great stay in London.  Wouldn't use this apartment again but for someone on a budget its not bad.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",HYDE PARK APARTMENTS,"I was with my daugthyer,  13 years old.  The apartment is clean,  but very little.  In general,  the opinion is goos.  There´s no lift,  we were on 4th flour,  it´s 90 staris.  if you have big suitcase,  it will be a problem first and last day,  but it´s not a big problem....  Very well located apartment,  very close to 2 different Tube station.  Problem was:  there was no any kitchen tools,  just a big cup,  that´s it!  It was necessary to require at at least another cup to prepare soups or similar,  and also a fryiing plate.  I recommend to require and to take care about any detail before book and pay for it.  They change towels and so on every 3 days.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good location,"When we arrived to check in at the address number 11-13 there was no reception at the apartments. After waiting around trying to phone the company finally somebody staying in the apartments came out and told us that check in was at number 55! No signs or information to tell you this.The apartments are not as described the one we stayed in only had one bed and two chair beds both of which were stained I must add.  The kitchen was sufficient and clean. The bathroom was clean but the flooring was peeling off the walls! The shower was powerful though. There is no parking, if you are travelling by car. No lift, so a long way to carry your bags of upstairs and very noisy as wooden floors and thin glass windows. There were radiators and underfloor heating in our apartment so very hot,…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good for the Price,"We paid £59 for the night so you have to be realistic you are not going to be staying at the Ritz in the centre of London for that price. The Apartment is about a 2 min walk from the tube stop and there are plenty of restaurants, pubs, supermarkets, a casino and Tango Club nearby.  The Reception desk is at 55 Inverness Terrace if you don't notice this on the booking form there is nothing to tell you at no.11.   5 of us stayed for work with an apt each and they did vary in size but even the smallest was a reasonable size and bigger than a lot of hotels I've stayed in in city centres for 5 or 6+ times the cost.  All the bathrooms could be described as compact, with dodgy fixing of lose tiles and leaky showers but the shower did have some power. We had a range of beds from OK to…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or125-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good apartments in the city centre,"We had a studio here with my boyfriend. Everything was goodt: kitchen is good, all things for cooking were there (except of a sharp knife). The one thing we didn't like is the bed. They put together two single bed and during the night they moved from each other and we have a big gap in the middle. Another a little annoying this is they didn't say us that the reception isn't in the same building and we spent about an hour to find out where it is. Free WiFi worked perfectly! I'd recommend this appartments to single travelers of couples.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay for a short time,"We stayed in this apartment for 3 nights. We already stayed in the same road, however in an apartment opposite this one.  This time, we had a much smaller room however we payed much cheaper than our first stay in another apartment opposite this block of building, The reception is about 8 blocks down the road, and not in the same building. With regards to the room, it is quite small however great for a short stay. It consists of  small kitchenette, a double bed, and a petite bathroom.   The aparthotel doesn't has a lift, and we were on the last flour, which would be a problem if you have heavy luggages.. the internet is free however it doesn't work very well.  The location is super, there is a bus stop just round the corner, two tubes : Queensway and Bayswater just 1minute by…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing appartment,"- - - Not clean, not as comfortable as shown on foto's. Hairs in bed wich weren't  ours, lots of dust(flakes). Far smaller than shown on website.  + Location + early availability at 10:30 am is pleasant",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Fit our purpose,"Adequate. Travelled w/ kids and needed accomodation that could be used also as a place to hang out. Had read reviews abt how basic it is. Our expectations therefore very fairly low. The studio 'apartment' is a queensize bed, kitchen w/ less than needed utensils and nothing to add a bit of extra (eg no instant coffee sticks, travelsize shampoo, salt/pepper etc). The extra consisted of washing liquid and small soap bar.  There are two supermarkets around the corner where you can stock up, though. Note check-in is in #55 and rooms in #11 & 13. Staff helpful and polite and moved us to another room so we were nextdoor to friends staying there at the same time. No cleaning during our 3-night stay. ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable,"Well kept, clean and comfortable. The location is great and the kitchen pretty much fully equipped. Only problem was internet wi-if connection which was very unstable and extremely weak. Recommendable.       ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or130-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, but thats it","Stayed here with my wife and two children for two nights in july 2014. Reception is in another building then where we should stay. The people working in reception was nice and friendly. Was a little challenge itself to after check in getting to our apartment with lots of suitcases and two tired kids - and you have to walk down all the street. We was not offered any assistance or followed to our building.  The apartement is in two floors. In first floor there was a small kitchen, a little uncomfortable sofa and a tv (tv was very small! but worked) and a bathroom. In second floor two beds and a noisy fan. We could not find any aircondition.  As soon as we opened the door, we where met by a terrible smell. Located it to come from the bathroom sink. We managed to get rid of most of…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Bring earplugs and reading lamp!,"Rather cheap studio at excellent location in Bayswater, next to metro station and Hyde Park. Ok bathroom, free internet, very basic kitchen equipment but it works, better for 1 rather tnan 2 in the room. Hard bed! No bedlights or bedtables. Very noisy if windows are open, which is a must as the room will turn quite warm. Bring earplugs! Up to floor you have 70 steps.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Very surprised,After reading all the negative comments on here about these apartments I was dreading staying here.  We opened the door and I was very surprised. It was clean and all newly refurbished. Very modern and every thing you needed for a very comfortable stay.  I would highly recommend these to all my family and friends whenever they are staying in London. ,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but....,"This is in a great location and when walking down the street to collect the keys, it looks very impressive.  The accomodation on the inside is less than impressive.  We had a studio apartment for 2 nights.  We were in number 11 and were on the 3rd floor at the front of the building.  The windows have no secondary glazing so you can hear the traffic noise, people shouting and everything else that maybe going on outside the window!  The walls are paper thin so we could hear the TV from the people in the rooms around us along with the rumble of peoples voices whilst they were talking. The people above us sounded like they were moving the furniture around all night so we could hear the scraping of furniture on the laminate floors.  All in all we didn't sleep very well and were glad…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT Location but Rough Accomodations,"When I showed up to the street where the apartment was, I was floored. It's a gorgeous area right next to the park with lots of things to do just around the corner. But once I had to lug my 2 heavy suitcases up 4 floors (no elevator, just long staircases) I was a little less thrilled.   I have a double studio, which consists of everything I need (kitchenette, bed, table and chairs and a (tiny) bathroom). But the room is really hot, which made sleeping uncomfortable. Also, my biggest complaint about this place - the walls are PAPER thin. I was kept up all night by a girl with a hacking cough next door. And you can pretty much hear every conversation going on in the surrounding rooms. There is also a faint moldy smell throughout the place that I can't quite place.   The room…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or135-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but GRIM!,"I booked for a one night stay at the Hyde Park Economy Apartments last minute. It looked decent and was a reasonable price. Upon arrival at the given address we were confused to be at what seemed to be a block of flats. After asking passers by and in another hotel we eventually figured out that you had to check in at the reception which was in a building at the other end of the street. Whilst checking in, the nice lady behind reception informed us that we had been 'upgraded' to the huge ''deluxe'' suite. We soon found out that it was far from deluxe. The entrance and the stairway were quite impressive but to say the room was disappointing is an understatement. As we walked in we were hit with the odour of dodgy drainage which lingered thoughout our stay. The balcony door didnt…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Location is very good,"There is super market, restaurant, gift shop, station and bus station around the hotel. And room is commodious, but toilet is tight. There is no shampoo, only 2 soaps. The room is hot though I didn't anything. ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",neat and great,"Great place for a trip with friends, we stayed in the basement, which was clean and very neat. It was a nice stay. The location is great since it's less than 5 min from the tube station.***** Front desk in another address...not very far away",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Never AGAIN,"Absolutely disgusting, ok so it's basic I wasn't expecting Buckingham palace however the room was filthy. The room looked like it hadn't had a good clean for a long time, I had someone else's ball of hair stuck to my bed socks, there was so much mould in the bathroom including the taps and what made me nearly throw up was there was no plug hole and you could see the thick build up of mould. The water didn't come out of the shower head as it was thick with black mould, have they heard of bleach? The bed was comfortable however when I woke up in the morning the sheets had detached from the mattress and there were huge bodily fluid stains all over the mattress. I would not recommend staying here, you feel like you are staying in a bed sit and the pictures are so mis leading.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to rest,"Stayed in the apartment for 3 days. Lovely apartment with bedrooms upstairs, while the kitchen and toilet sharing same floor at downstairs. The apartment area is very close by to Queensway tube station and also walking distance to bus stop and the big bus city tour (its in front of the Thistle Hotel). Its cheaper if you buy the big bus city tour ticket online than buy from the counter. money exchange, cafe and groceries stores are very close by the apartment. We were more than happy.  The little downside was our cabbie did not stop at the registration apartment (no 55), but straight send us to the apartment (no 13). Secondly the dryer machine at the basement was not working properly as i have to waited for almost an hour to dry up our clothes.. The rest was very good!",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or140-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Once again fab stay,"Once again I have chose Hype Park Economy Suites and as always was perfect for what I require. 20min walking to Oxford Street and 2 min walk to Bayswater and Queensway tube statiosn. Also close to loads or restaurtants and supermarkets.   Apartments are basic but have everything you need for a short stay. Clean, Tidy and comferable. Check in was fast and easy as always and staff so helpful.   The only issue I do have with them is they dont look after customers who are retuuning with peference rates or upgrades. I have stayed about 4/5 times since last oct and when you email them to get a rate they just send you to there website which I think is very bad customer service. I have worked in hotels myself for 12 years and would hate to think my staff are so uninterested in the…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or145-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Really not good,"On arrival the address is not 11 but 55 Inverness Terrace, so confusing. My room was at nr 77, room 16, which was in the basement (I found out after climbing three stairs). No windows, TV not working, no Wifi. Clean OK, but certainly not worth the money.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or145-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Really handy for central London,"Stayed in the appartments, having stayed in teh area before, we stayed for the Radio 2 concert last Sunday, it was really handy for the show and to walk back afterwards. There are two tube stations within easy walking and a QPark car park in the next street which is much more compettive than NCP and secure 24 hours a day.  The flats are self contained so have a cooker, microwave, keetle etc so be prepared and take you own tea, coffee etc for breakfast. I would describe them as functional, not luxury but clean and spacious. Our room faced out on the main road, Queensway (off Hyde Park) and wasnt unduly noisey. It was a little stuffy but they had provided a fan in the room.  The bed was comfy but if you like two pillows, ask when checking in as the one pillow was a little flat we…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or145-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",If you're not fussy and want to be central to everything it's perfect.,"I have read reviews here and I must say I feel they have been a bit unfair .. Yes it's not the ritz and it could do with a wee bit of tlc! I was pleasantly surprised when I got there after being so anxious as to what horrors I would meet behind the door of our apartment after what I have read. If you want a good location,which is practically on the door step of Kensington palace and you're not fussy about interior design,and lets face it, if you're going to London for a city break how much time are you going to spend in the apartment? And yes the kitchen/dinette is small but a trip to the mini market for a few things to cook up is waaaay better than paying ridiculous London prices to eat out. Mini market is just around the corner and so to is the underground station. And there…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or145-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"We booked the Hyde Park Economy Apartments to be close to the major attractions of London without long train travel each day. The suite lived up to our expectations as to location and amenity.  Because of some of the comments we had read on Trip Advisor about lack of lifts I rang ahead to ensure that we did not have too many flights of stairs.  The gentleman who answered said he would ensure that the sub-ground unit he had earmarked would not be changed and this was the situation when we arrived he also advised us that the check-in was at number 55, up the street from number 11 where the unit was. When we asked the check-in if we could leave our luggage as we were too early for the 1400 time.  The lady made a phone call and we were able to get into the unit at 11 AM.  The units…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or145-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Different impression from photos!!!,In photos room looked larger & more spacious. Could not move in shower. No spare toilet roll and no toiletries. No tea towel. No cleaning of room in 1 week. Towels changed only once. No lift or escalator. Too difficult to go up or down with luggages. No value for money.,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or150-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous and worth every penny,Fantastic stay :) have stayed here before and was all perfect too. Was able to check in early room was clean and there was even a fan on to keep the place cool when I arrived as it was 34 dagrees :). Marie in reception and anyone else I dealt with there was brilliant and so helpful. Room was so clean and perfect for my stay :) ,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or150-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient, and just adequate","I rated this accommodation ""Average"", because ""Poor"" sounds so much worse, so somewhere in between is where I would place it.  I am in the 65-70 age bracket, travelling on my own, and am fairly fit and able.  I stayed for 2 nights.  Fortunately, the weather was good, so traipsing around to No. 55 Inverness Terrace to check in, and then back to No. 14 Inverness Terrace was bearable, with luggage etc.  My apartment was on the 4th floor.  No lift.  88 stairs!!  With luggage.  So please take this possibility into account, if you book here.  I found it a struggle, but do-able as long as you have no health problems.  Insist on lower floors if you find this daunting.  The room was just big enough for a double bed, small table and chairs, sink, fridge, microwave, TV and table, and a…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or150-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Check-in Far Away from Apartment,"Somewhere along the line the renters failed to tell us, and of course it was not in the promotional material, that you had to check in and pick up the keys at an entirely different location than the address of the apartment. This resulted in a significant waste of time and money going back and forth. The unit was on the 5th floor. There was a tiny elevator that made scary noises as it made its way to the top floor. The water pressure in the shower was so little that I had to stand under it for about 30 seconds just to get my hair wet. Pretty pathetic. I would not recommend this place to anyone.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or150-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Hydy Park Suites,"This accommodation was so very bad that we did not even upack our luggage. It was dark, smelt of disinfectant, the doors didn't close properly, the window was dirty, the window covering was a drooped curtain, the bed matress was about one inch thick as were the pillows and no extra bedding available. So very basic despite the fact that management had advised us that we had been upgraded!!  We hate to think what the other accommodation would have been! We decided to forgo our pre paid accommodation and went to a hotel near Trafalgar Square because we couldn't think of anywhere else to go at such short notice. The best decision we ever made as staying there would have ruined our holiday. The double booking cost us money but it was so good to get out of there.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or150-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all!!!,"we were a group of 9 people, and we booked 2 apartments in this complex. I have to say that's the best place I've been so far in London. it's quite clean, it has wooden floor... not very common in England. Great position, it's very close to both Queensways and Bayswater underground station! Do not sleep on the couch... it's not comfortable at all! We had no choice since there was one queen bed, one single and the couch. But the couch is terrible! So make sure when you book to know if there are enough beds for all the people! there's a kitchen but it's better to eat out. There is just a table in the bedroom but not very comfortable! The bathroom is ok. But the position is absolutely great! It's worth it!",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or155-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid it,"I don't like to be negative, but honestly, the only good thing about this place is the great location to the Underground (Queensway is right next to it) and good bus service even closer. The room was  fairly clean. The bed was uncomfortable with wrong size bedding. The shower-room was tiny. It is inadequately furnished. The walls were scuffed and dirty. There is no lift. The entrance hall is unwelcoming and often stacked with laundry bags. No pride is taken in the place. Be aware that reception is not at same address- but some way further up the road.  Nice people at reception.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or155-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for Money,"I first stayed at the Hyde Park Economy Apartments in December 2011 for one night. We were very impressed by what we had for such little money. The room was newly renovated (bathroom/shower, kitchen included) and was very clean. The room was safe and clearly in an area of the building which had recently been refurbished. It wasn't noisy and we both got a good night's sleep.  Because we were so impressed with the value for money on our first visit, we returned for two nights in December 2012. This time the room was not newly renovated. It was clearly in an older part of the building and from the appearance of the kitchen and bathroom, it hadn't been updated for some time. Nevertheless, the room was clean and comfortable. We were on the 4th floor which meant climbing a lot of…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or155-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for little money,"I stayed here with my family in the first weekend og december 2012. Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor, my expectations where very low, and unjustly so.  The hotel has great value for money. We stayed in no 13, ind B5 (basement apartment). It had everything they advertised, and the noise from the street was at a minimum. Nice semi big family room, with a queen sized bed and a fold out couch for the kids. We only had a couple of remarks:  The room could do with some blackening curtains, as there are only  white ones, that doesn't shut out the light from the street  The tv really should be placed in the center of the room, in stead of on top of the fridge  The fridge made some irritating noise now and then - why not have it installed in the cabinet, where it belonged?  VERY…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or155-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,"We stayed in the duplex apartment and it was located on the first floor. The place was clean and safe. Kitchen was well equipped. Its situated near 2 tube stations, many restaurants and supermarkets nearby. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend the duplex apartment.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or155-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DUNGEON WOULD BE KIND,This has to be the worst hotel i have ever stayed in and I travel a lot for work.  Room was hot. window looked into a laundrette. Couldnt open window. Unclean. Was unable to check out till 9am as there was no one on reception (prisoner)  Dont stay here if you value your sleep at all.,Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or160-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Room was more like a dungeon,"From the outside the apartments looked fine, in a nice street extremely close to Hyde park, about 100m away from queens way and bays water station. The rooms were substandard and as it is June it was rather hot for London. Our room was around 5x5m tiny considering it is meant for 4 ppl. We had 3 and with our suitcases we could bearly fine a place to step on the floor, they didnt change our towels or give us toilet paper/soap once in the four nights we stayed. Our room was in the basement and was so hot it was like a sauna. There was a tiny fan on the shelf which provided little to no aid during the night  The pillows were paper thin- by this I mean it would've been better to sleep on rolled up clothing . We woke up sore everymorning as the beds were sooo hard.   The apartments r…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or160-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"I was a bit wary having read previous posts - especially with regards the basement rooms.  We were allocated a basement room but it was clean and well equipped.  The location is excellent within minutes walk of both tube stations.  There are plenty of nice restaurants nearby too.  I stayed hear for two nights with my daughter and felt safe and secure.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  if you require a hairdryer they ask for a refundable £20 deposit but there is an iron available in the room for free.  If you need to leave your cases there is a £5 charge. Overall, we had an excellent time and the accommodation was worth every penny.  I would go back!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or160-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE OF SPECIAL CANCELLATION CONDITIONS DURING THE OLYMPICS!,Read the small and very hidden print! NO cancellation at all possible during the Olympics in venere.com for this hotel IN SPITE OF BIG ANNOUNCEMENTS TO THE CONTRARY! Complaint already filed because of  misleading and deceptive advertising. Venere's response to this day most unsatisfactory:-(((,Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or160-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay; good value for money.,"Because of the word ""economy"" in the name I was not expecting too much but was pleasantly surprised.  The room was quite clean and well equipped, although certainly not ""luxury.""  The decor is very modern and, while the paint could use a bit of touching up here and there, made overall a good impression.  We had a duplex room, which I guess means a sleeping loft upstairs, which anyway is what we had.  Our children slept on a fold out couch and rollaway cot downstairs.  The reception is about half a block away from the actual apartments but if you know this in advance it isn't terribly inconvenient; I've walked farther in big hotels and resorts.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or160-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Very convenient location; minimalist accommodation,"The stand-out feature for #13 Inverness Terrace is its close proximity to two Tube lines at Bayswater and Queensway. The staircases seems to have been recently recarpeted, and the hallway/staircase looks fairly nice although there was some construction equipment (e.g., ladder) in the hallways. It was rather off-putting to find signs like this in the hallway: ""Do not put clothes in the toilet...."" And ""Don't leave rubbish in the hallways."" There was no real sense of hospitality, which shows in the signage. The laundry room (washer/dryer) was also poorly signed; it noted 2 pounds for 30 minutes of wash, but then didn't explain that the washer requires much more time than that.  The bed was firm, and there was adequate closet and storage space. Wireless internet was very reliable.…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or165-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I won't waste time writing all the awful things about this place, just don't stay here.  Briefly; everything was horrible.  The reception guy, the entrance to the apartment building, the room itself, the corridors, the area, the noise, the smell....don't waste your money or your time.  We had booked 2 nights and checked out after the first night when we'd found a decent place to stay.  Very, VERY disappointing.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or165-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed!!,"We booked base on some good reviews recently. We got flat in 4th floor without lift. How can I climb so high carrying luggages?? There are more than 40 steps! We managed to change another flat,in basement house 77, an old flat with old furnitures. The bed's height is only 30 cm. We cant wait to get out from there. Luckily booked for one night.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or165-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID. The word ""Economy"" shouldn't excuse this place.","My boyfriend and I stayed here last night in a studio for two to share. We needed to be in the centre and unfortunately went for Hyde Park Economy Apartments in a rush without really looking at the reviews. As soon as it was confirmed I immediately regretted it but then I tried to reassure myself by thinking ""surely it can't be that bad, can it?"". I wouldn't consider myself a snob, anyway. I've no shame opting for cheap and basic accommodation because I believe that budget shouldn't necessarily mean bad. This however, was TERRIBLE. Convent location but so not worth the money.  We were put in one of the basement rooms and it was a veritable sauna despite being below ground level, the heating switched off and being in London at the end of September. When we tried to open the…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or165-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Good location.. but many reasons NOT to stay here..,"Location is good. Within walking distance (3min) of underground station Bayswater. In fact, that's the ONLY truly good thing about the place. Adequate cooking facilities within the apartment. Working heater and hot water.   Price is only reasonable if you have 3-4 people sharing the duplex suite, otherwise its totally NOT worth the price (even taking into account the good location). Check-in reception counter is far from the actual accommodation. Security of the apartment front door was a combi lock which hasn't been changed for eons.. It's obvious that only those few numbers have been pressed repeatedly. Room decor was spartan to say the least. No aircon. Room stank of paint. Beds were essentially 4 singles pushed together. Lousy mattress and flat pillows. I have stayed in…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or165-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Warning. Do not go to this appartment. It is terrible,"Very noisy room (nr. 5 at nr 13). Hard slamming outdoor so we could not sleep at all. Room needs to be renovated very quickly. Dirty, small bathroom loose tiles. Very hard beds. Poor kitchenette. Dirty windows.  You can hear the neighbours talk.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or170-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Budget accommodation and pretty basic,"We couldn't find a review for Hyde Park Suites 9 Talbot square when we booked.  This is one of many properties which come under the name Hyde park suites.  We stayed in a studio with my husband and I in the bed and my 17yr old daughter on the couch. The room is small and reasonably functional.  The kitchen had basic cooking facilities but we didn't try cooking in there.  The apartment was on the first floor and the lift wasn't working so a couple of trips were needed to get our luggage upstairs. They refer ti the apartment as serviced but it wasn't although an extra set of towels was provided mid week.  They didn't supply much at all, we had to buy our own loo paper and the shower was tiny, and I didn't know you could make a bathroom so small.  Wifi for free was a bonus but it…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or170-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Definately not as advertised,Very disappointing it would have been easier on our backs to sleep on the floor website pictures extremely deceiving the place is tiny,Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or170-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",awful place,"Please do not confuse Hyde Park Suites with Hyde Park Hotel. In Suites you will not get fresh towels, room make up or even piece of soup... They have a coin operated washer and dryer down stairs, but when you stay in London just a few days - do you have time for laundry? If you booked it, make sue to get room with the street view, not a back yard. There is a huge garbage storage in a back yard. No free Wi-Fi. The shower did not work properly, they did nothing to fix it, obviously. I regret that I did not take a few photos, but I don't want to remember this bad experience looking at them any way. Bad place! Not worth any money!",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or170-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Cramped and Cold,"Although the guy who checked us in and the housekeeper were extremely helpful and kind, the room itself was quite small and despite it being Mid April we were a bit chilly in the room as the heater wasn't working properly which also meant that our showers were quick and cold. the room was for 5 people but the fold out ""sofa bed"" was so tiny, one person could barely fit on it.  Excellent location though, right next to all the good restaurants, convenience stores and bayswater tube station.",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or170-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",So many names but most suited...Faulty towers.,"These suites were titled on several sites under different names. After asking staff about this was given list of no.s they owned on rd.BS) Had to phone agent and ask in hotels next to findreception. A4 page on door was the sign.Rudeness of staff on check in. We paid again after checking in. 47 minutes later.  Broken steps on entrance to block.broken fire alarm.booked a premier suite, it was room with sofa bed. Ensuite was dirty, toilet not even flushed! Cutlery  looked as though it had been licked clean.  No apology just more rude staff on check out. None of which were English so after we spoke they mumbled in another Lang. Beyond rude.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or175-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible service, stay somewhere else!","Says it is a hotel, but no change of sheets or towels, had to buy toiletpaper at the supermarket nearby, mould in the shower, rats inside, fire alarm constantly going off (false alarms), members of staff (?) suddenly coming into your room to for instance check the televison (which by the way only shows arab channels). Next time I will stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or175-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",will upload the photos of it soon,we booked for a plat room but when we got to the room it was down near the laudry room all the laundry was by our door it smelt appaling .when we got in the room it was very small and didnt look anything like what it dose on hear there were tiles missin around the shower mould on the wall in the bedroom the blinds were full of dust the arm chair was filthy there was meant to be a cooker but there was only a microwave with didnt even work the flush on the toliet was broken but still usable .......you was meant to get a ironing board but the iron board we got looks like a childs toy .....i will post the photos of the room up hear over the weekend,Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or175-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","SHAMBOLIC SERVICE, UNSAFE, DON'T STAY HERE!!!",I unfortunately stayed there with my parents for 2 nights: -When we arrived and throughout our stay the apartment STANK because of the shower. -On our first night we could not sleep because of a POLICE CHASE on the roof -On the following night WE WERE BURGLED ourselves. The police identified that the locking mechanism was clearly at fault and the door could be opened slimpy by sliding a card in the opening. We discussed endlessly with the USELESS STAFF before our departure and were assured that the two nights' stay would be refunded as well as the stolen goods. I also had to make numerous calls and battle just to speak to someone... 3 months later NOTHING has happened!!! What's more the disonhesty - their reply to my last e-mail to them states nothing will be re-imbursed!!!,Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or175-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DONT STAY HERE!,"The hotel is not self contained and certainly not three star - the service is appaling and not anywhere near expectations. If we had not paid for the entire stay we would have sought alternative accommodation elsewhere. Nothing works and there is no aplogogy for lack of services, in fact the staff will try to blame you for problems. Easy to Book do not help once they have booked you with the accommodation and there is no follow up there either.",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or175-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Average - but some flaws!,"Went here for a short weekend stay with my parents. When we first got to the hotel it was all fine - with good opportunities for cooking diner yourself, friendly staff etc. But, as the days passed some flaws appeared. We lived in a 2 floor flat - and on the 1st floor there was water coming down from the sealing, every time the people in the flat over us used the bathroom. The windows was very unsealed - so the flat was almost all time freezing cold. The tv was only able to take a few British tv channels in a horrible quality, otherwise there were 230 Arabic channels to watch! But apart from that, a nice hotel to a good price.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or180-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to espectations,"I booked a studio for 2 for a week. I was given a room in the basement where the laundry is supposed to be, in a newly renovated building, number 34, very claustrophobic, smell of humidity, window facing the bottom of a small dark courtyard with view over pipes. I could not bear to sleep there, went to the reception where I found the most unfriendly receptionist, didn't stop staring at the pc video while talking to me, pretending she did not understand. The manager is never available, i was determined so I was then given a terrible room of another kind, very old and run down, on 4th floor of old building 71, no lift, smell of sewerage from the bathroom, I was very disappointed but not prepared to waist other precious time waiting to have a decent accommodation. The last 2 nights…",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or180-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",It will either suit you perfectly or you will hate it.,"The Suites are serviced apartments which are suitable for some but not others. This is NOT the place for you if your idea of accomodation is where there is a hotel bar, room service, concierge or maid service.   This IS your type of hotel if you are a frequent traveler that does not need hand holding in London and value your money.  Location- you are within 2 minutes of tube stops on the Central and District/Circle lines. Hyde Park is 2 minutes away as well. Inverness Terrace is 1 street away from the bustle of Queensway, you are close but do not get the noise. There are grocery stores, restaurants and pubs quite close to the hotel.  Rooms- we stayed in a basic double. They tried to check us in early ( check in is at 2 pm) but the specific room we had been alloted was not clean,…",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or180-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Poor quality and safety,"I stayed at the hotel for 5 days. My expctattions and demands are not vey high and I am travelling a lot. But - I will definately not recommend this hotel. The location is goos, but the hotel and rooms were really marked by bad taste and lack of maintenance. The staff were not service minded. I paid a lot for wireless connection that was really poor. only functioning half the time. All the guests were waked up by the fire alarm in the night and ran out in the street. No staff and no fire brigade appeared. The safety is really poor! The staff could not even give me a receipt or even a confirmation that I had stayed at the hotel for documentation. i have to serach for that to the booking agent. If you want room service you have to pay extra. No way - never there again!",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or180-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Do not book this hotel, one of the worst places I've stayed.","On arrival at the hotel the two receptionists did not seem to know what they were doing, we had booked two different types of apartments and they did not know which one was which.  The reception is also too small for the number of rooms they have at this hotel, there were only 3 people in front of us yet we still had to wait in the very narrow corridor.  Entering the ""apartment"" which is a very loose term for what you are getting, the room was extremely small; there was hardly any room to walk around the bed.  The bed was extremely uncomfortable and it was so low it felt like we were sleeping on the floor.  The bathroom was the most disappointing, it was tiny not at all as advertised and also there was not enough hot water, when turning on the shower it would be hot for approx…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or180-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great apartments will come back!!,"My husband and I had a great apartment we got upgraded when we checked for free which was great. The front desk did however charge us 50£ fee when checking in due to it being after 10pm (delayed plane) but great location close to Hyde park, tube stations, market, food etc...worth every penny.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or185-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but a couple of drawbacks.,"We had a 2 bedroom apartment, the second room being only large enough for a single bed. The second single bed was in the main room containing the kitchen and TV so we had to juggle the sleeping children at night when we had finished in the main room. This might suit other families / groups but was awkward for us. The bathroom was compact but good. The double bed was hard and uncomfortable but the room we had was at the back of the building and was extremely quiet. Very clean. No bottle opener or wine glasses which you would expect in a room with a kitchen. Oven worked well. Helpful staff.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or185-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",If you see Hyde Park Apartments... RUN AWAY!!!,"We arrived in London after a shocking 23hr flight from Sydney and just wanted to collapse in a bed. The cab dropped us off at 11 Inverness Terrace but found out reception was actually two blocks away and had to drag all our luggage down there.  We were given a room in no. 11 which looked ok from the outside but was truly scary on the inside. There were lots of dodgy people loitering in the entrance hall and stairwells, an ear-splitting party going on in the basement and ground floor flats, and acres of stairwells which we had to carry our luggage up. Or rather, one of the pimps loitering in the hallway carried up the stairwell for us.  At the top of the stairs it was pitch black, no lighting so had to feel our way through the rabbit warren to our room. More parties were going on…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or185-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful which flat you get placed in... check it first ... some are bad,Great location. First they put us in 77 Inverness Ter. 2nd floor which is their 3rd floor. After lugging all our luggage up 4 flights of stairs only to discover that the room ( suite ? ) was sub-standard!!! Went back to reception at 55 Inverness to be told that there was a ground floor available but it was GBP30.00 per night to upgrade to this room... this was the ground floor at 81 Inverness which was quite nice and seemed recently renovated and upgraded.  I was also charged an additional 4% for paying with AMEX card! Reception is slow but nice and helpful but is unaware which rooms have  balconies. In the end I would stay there again as the location is superb... BUT... be very careful which room you get placed in. Have a look first.,Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or185-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DUMP - STAY AWAY,"Worst apartment experience in London I've had. Paid 144 Euros for one night.  Waited over half an hour to check in. Rude receptionists.  Sinks blocked when I arrived in room - rang receptionist - said someone would be over - no one came. Filthy walls, entranceway. Everything stank from the blocked pipes.   EXTREMELY noisy - machines outside single glased window on ground floor. No curtains. I could go on.. I'd rather forget about the whole experience.   Would warn anyone about staying in any of their apartments.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or185-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Below average,"On arrival, found somebody complaining about a basement level room. Ended up in a basement level room, window facing a dirty/grimy/unkepy and distgusting stairwell, many people walking by and other customers frequently walking past window making our stay very uncomfortable. TV stand was broken. Bed was absolutely appaling in terms of comfort (so was the sofa), also the bed was loud when moving the slightest bit, during the night temperature was way too high and had not air con. The walls and room were very dirty. A dirty cooking tray was left in the oven. Bathroom was generally clean, shower worked perfect that was the best part of the room. Kitchen table was incredibly small and had massive bumps and marks in the paint. Not enough cutlary and kitchen ware. Other than all of…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or190-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"We booked this hotel as it was much cheaper than the chains and due to a large trade show we were attending, a lot of places were booked up.   We booked the room through the London Apartments website were it took payment details and confirmed our booking. When we arrived at the hotel a rather generic and rude receptionist claimed we hadn't paid for our room and merely became even more helpful and uncooperative as the conversation progressed. Eventually the matter was resolved and we were sent to Apartment 11. Here we were greeted by a very grotty, threadbare hall way with banisters in disrepair and laundry bags littering the hall way at 20:00.   The room was neat, tidy and compact. Bathroom was grotty and damp. The worse thing about the place was the meagre Venetian blind which…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or190-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money and a good location,"I read several poor reviews of this hotel before staying there so I was a little aprehensive but I found the hotel to be really good. The location was great, Hyde Park is right at the end of the street and there are two tube stations very close by as well as a busy shopping street with nice restaurants one street over. The room was quite small but perfectly adequate for our needs with a comfortable bed and very clean. You do have to check in and then walk up to your apartment and there are no lifts so you should be prepared for that if you have heavy luggage but we had no problems. All in all I thought good value for money given that other places in London are so expensive.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or190-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Never again, you live and learn","I read reviews and because I am not fussy thought nothing of it. We booked a duplex appartment for 5 as it was impossible to get hotel room for 2 adults and 3 kids. When we arrived staff were good and we were in block 32 so short walk. Location is excellent with tube right nearby and tesco direct to fuel a picnic in the park really good. The room was geared for 3 had to ask for extra bedding cups, plates and towels and they knew from the booking we were a party of 5, hairdryer broke and you could actually go onto the balcony and break into your own apartment, the apartment was dirty the bed linen was clean but it smelt musty.  This in itself was enough  but went for Lebonese meal on high street and through the night kids were sick, yet again not within our capabilities but to…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or190-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Great location . Pity about shower , oven and microwave not working","This apartment is in a great location but although we reported to the management that the shower was not working it was not fixed during the five days that we spent there, Also the oven nor the microwave worked and were not fixed during our stay.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or190-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Just what I needed..,"After reading quite a few reviews here of this particular hotel I was a little nervous about what I would find on my arrival. The pictures I saw were almost exactly what my room looked like. I had a bed, a table, a tv and a full kitchen complete with a few dishes and a mini fridge. It was just what I needed as a single traveler. I went to the grocery store nearby and picked up some essentials and saved a load of money by not eating out. The bedding was clean as was the bathroom.  A 2 minute walk down the street had you through the gates into Kensington/Hyde Park and and the Queensway subway station..perfect location for a quick tube ride to Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, West Minister Abbey etc. The only negatives about where I stayed were: the floor creaked in a…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or195-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Acutally quite nice.,"I'd read horrible reviews on the Hyde Park Suites so I was apprehensive when I actually arrived.  But 32 Inverness Terrace turned out to be quite nice.  The room, and it's a room, not a suite, is very small with a kitchen in the corner. The staff was friendly and helpful to the extent that I interacted with them, but since the room is booked as an ""apartment"" there's no maid service.   The bathroom was clean and modern.  The beds however were worn out and uncomfortable.  But the location is fabulous and that's what you're really paying for.  As far as having a kitchen in the room, how much cooking are you really going to do?  We paid 99 pounds a night for the room.  For the same amount of money I would recommend going one street over to Queensbourough Terrace and staying at the…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or195-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",What was to be expected at such a low rate?,"We arrived at Stansted and took a coach shuttle to Victoria Street station, which is well connected to the underground station next to the apartment via Central line to Queensway station.  The staff at check-in was friendly but a bit unorganized. The first look into the apartment building was, let's say, unusual - a once beautiful stairways now pretty run down with and extremely old, dirty and ragged carpet. Our apartment had a laminate floor, a pretty spacious and fully equipped kitchen (stove with oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, electrical water cooker, coffee maker, cooking equipment, dishes, cutlery etc.), a comfortable double bed, one bedside table, a small table with two chairs, a flat screen TV with 4 channels (very bad reception), a large cupboard with hangers, an iron…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or195-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",It is a great location and we will be back again,"We stayed in July 21, for 10 days with my two children, we realy like the place and the staff were very friendly and helpful, over all we enjoyed our stay and very much recommend for all those whom like to enjoy a holiday in London.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or195-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely no third time,"Been here twice, first time studio at base was poorly maintain with broken woodfloor. We gave it another short seeing location was good and most places closeby was book out. This time the studio was much smaller, oven not working and bathroom way too small with inconsistence hot/cold water. Not good value, would rather stay further out London for almost half the price.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or195-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible service - good location,"We had booked rooms for ""London Apartments"", 11 Inverness Street, which is non-existing. After a few phone calls to the travel agent (restplass.no), believing we had been hustled, we found that the hotel actually was Hyde Park Suites. We had two rooms, which initially looked nice.. The first room was clean enough, but had a non-functional air-conidtion, and was terribly noisy, located in the basement next to Inverness Street. The bathroom was moldy. The other room was nicer, however dirty.  The sheets were not changed during our one week stay, the rooms were not cleaned, and towels were only changed after several complaints.   The location was very good, and if the rate was lower, we could have tolerated the low level of service, but at the rate we paid, this hotel is not…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or200-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Not Impressed at all!,"No air conditioned, No elevator and they put us in the top floor (maybe 5th floor). The apartments suites are scattered all over the place, so you might have to walk 2 - 10 minutes to your unit after you check in.   I only like the location because near to 2 tubes stations and restaurants. If I ever come back to London, I would like to stay in the same area but definitely NOT this place.",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or200-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Runaway!  What a ripoff!,"My experience with this place was a disaster from beginning to end.  The staff is rude, I had to walk two blocks to get to my building from the office, walk up 6 flights of narrow stairs, the shower was moldy, there were flies all over the place, the tv had four channels and none of them were english, none of the electrical sockets worked, and it was extremely small, and it smelled like garbage.  The staff asked me what I wanted them to do about it and when I told them they said my reasons were not good enough.  I didn't spend one single night here.  I left and they kept my money.  If anyone says they had a good stay with these people...well, they really lucked out!",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or200-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",More than we expected,"We arrived at the hotel on the 9th and for the amount we paid in comparison to other deals in the area we got a bargain, the rooms were very clean, surprisingly there was a fully functioning kitchen with a washing machine, prompt service, Internet and best of all the location is fantastic as Hyde park and the shops is literally a minutes walk from this place.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or200-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Getting what you pay for,"I stayed at 30 Inverness, there are no lifts so if you have mobility issues or lots of luggage, then this place won't be any good unless you're on the ground floor. But then because the walls are paper thin, you can expect to hear a bit of noise with people coming and going.   I didn't have high expectations for the room so I wasn't disappointed. I was on the first floor and the room was tiny but it looked much like the photo on the Internet. It was reasonably clean although the drains in the bathroom were smelly, particularly overnight. I suspect this was because the building is quite old. I didn't experience any bed bugs but there was a window above the bed with no curtains to draw across it to keep the morning light out. If there had been, I would have had a better sleep. …",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or200-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",terrible,"Don't stay here, please!!! First thing: we were charged 50£ for the late check in!!??? Dirty bed sheets, smelly towels, toilet incredibly dirty!!! Awful, uncomfortable bed!!! Furniture falling apart! It's a kitchen with bed, not an apartment!!! We complained to the staff about a very dirty toilet, they did nothing! We cleaned it ourselves!? Staff extremely rude and unpleasant!!! Door handle of our room broken! We had ONE key for the front door and our room door!!?? It's such a shame that someone actually let this kind of people manage houses on such a great location?! :(",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or205-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",A very Handy D.I.Y. place to stay in London,"These are my experiences at Hyde Park Suites : 1.	Staff - fair at first, and then, later became friendlier as I had been friendly myself. 2.	Price of room/apartment – fair for what I had paid for (ie. a 2-week price for a studio suite), though, fair also to say, throughout the duration of my stay, it was not without problems, e.g. hot water and heater interruptions etc.. 3.	Cleanliness – once a week housekeeping was sufficiently adequate (I also only expected once-a-week service anyway, as I could only afford someone going into my room/through my personal belongings once a week!) 4.	Comfort, noise, and safety – I felt all basic needs had been met in this studio suite : sufficiently equipped kitchen (including crockery, utensils and cutlerys), ensuite bathroom, basic furniture…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or205-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T EVEN WALK THROUGH THE DOOR,"We arrived at this hovel Friday afternoon, the reception was dirty and the staff extremely rude. We were asked for ID i.e. passport even thou we were in our own country, then told we were not booked in but we provided our booking reference. Luckily 2 of our party took it upon themselves to have a look at one of the rooms - there were squalid. After several agruments we advised the staff we would not be staying and rang Lastminute.com who agreed to remimburse our costs and how are now looking into the matter. PLEASE DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE PHOTOGRAPHS - THEY MUST HAVE BEEN TAKEN FROM A DIFFERENT WEBSITE. It said the apartments were 4 star I would give them -4. Nicola, Lancashire",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or205-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs,11 inverness terrace building is dirty and had bed bugs that ate me alive in both rooms they gave me. DO NOT STAY THERE.  (their other properties seem ok but NOT 11 inverness terrace),Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or205-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for (or even less in this case),I agree with most other reviewers about Hyde Park Suites. The reception was crowded with suitcases and the staff were so young and inexperienced alarm bells rang in my head.  It didn't help that we were sooo jetlagged from our long trip from Melbourne and were just craving somewhere to lay our weary heads.  The girl took forever to process us (nearly an hour) and to our horror we were on the fifth floor with NO LIFT - even though I expressly asked for an apartment building with a lift. I complained but were told they were full up so TOO BAD!  We were nearly dead after dragging our heavy bags one by one up to the heavens. The rooms were hot - we opened the windows but were then pounded by the noise of the construction of the buildings next door. The sofa was uncomfortable and the…,Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or205-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful!,"Horrendous room - website is false advertising. Room very basic, furniture falling apart. Staff unhelpful. Don't be fooled by the website. Disgraceful!",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or210-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected after reading other reviews!,I made the mistake of booking these apartments before reading the small print that full payment is taken at time of purchase and is non refundable! After reading the reviews on trip advisor i really panicked as the majority are very bad and i could not get my money back. So basically i was stuck with it. When i arrived at the hotel reception/ office the receptionist was nice and let us leave our luggage there until 2 o clock (check in) as we got there at 11am. There was no wait and we were given a key for an apartment a couple of buildings down. The lift WAS working luckilly and the room itself was not bad. It was a studio with a bed kitchen and bathroom. Good plasma tv (freeview) and was perfectly clean and livable. nice bathroom. The rooms are basic and there was no kettle or…,Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or210-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",NOT WORTH THE MONEY,"We stayed at No32 inverness Terrace flat 20, which was a 1 bed apartment, booked thru LovingLondonApartments.Com, Firstly this website do not refund and any cancellations are penalised. The apartment was in good location, Queensway or bayswater underground Stations are 2 min walk,There is no lift in the building,we were on the top floor,The hallway was clean and airy, The apaartment was small,basic,clean and very hot, we had the window open for the 3 days we there, Bedroom had comfortable bed and double wardrobe, living area had small kitchen with utensils for 4 ,and lounge had sofa bed which we never dicovered how to pull out,It was not very comfortable,tv which i had to fix as it didnt work and table and chairs, No pictures on walls, or lamps gave it a very baren feel, It is…",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or210-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of cancellation policy - highway robbery.,"Booked this hotel and then read tripadvisor and found that reviews were less than favourable, I cancelled Hotel within a couple of days and found that they charged me a 104 pound cancellation fee. Just be very very careful that you want to stay here as it says in fine print their cancellation policy, and In my opinion it is a bit steep especially when you book some five months out and they could manage to rebook this room several times over. I guess I would rather lose my money than stay in a dive, which is pretty much what other reviews say.After emailing and phone call pleading with management, they were no help at all and refused to refund any of my money. Doesn't show London in a very good light.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or210-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!!  Do not ever stay there!,"Horrible, is all I have to say.  As soon as I walked in to the reception (which is one big joke. It is a shabby looking room with 2 desks and hundreds of suitcases) I knew I have made a HUGE mistake by booking an apartment with them. Once checked in, I was told my apartment was located 10 minutes away from the office. No help to carry my luggage was offered.  The apartment was located on a third floor (no lift of course, but I already knew about it). I walked into my room, and I could not believe what I saw. Old, dirty-stained sheets. A broken sofa. In general it was one of the most depressing rooms I have seen in my life.  On top of that, during my first night tons of cockroaches showed up, and I thought I was going to get a heart attack. They were basically everywhere. I went…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or210-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid experience.,"Aside from the fact that we weren't informed that there was no hot water or heat until after we'd paid for the rooms (non-refundable, of course), I WAS ROBBED in this hotel.   The desk clerk was totally disinterested, did nothing to help, and he had the most appalling manner.  We'd left our luggage with reception because the room wasn't available until 2pm -when we got back at 4:30pm, my backpack was gone. After  insisting that someone do something about it, we got access to the security cameras, which showed clearly how a stranger walked into the reception area from the street on pretext of being a client and minutes later, attached my backpack to his own bag and walked out - while the entire staff were present!  The baggage had been appropriately tagged by the hotel, and yet…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or215-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",A horrible hotel!,"The hotel is close to both Bayswater and Queensway underground stations thereby having good access to public transportation and central London. It is also within easy walking distance to Paddington. Being so close to Kensington Gardens means it is ideal for a morning run or a walk in the park.  However, this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in when visiting London either for business or pleasure. The room was horrible and had a strong stench of mould and dampness. Upon my return home the contents of my suitcase reeked of dampness; disgusting. The shower had almost no water pressure and would simply dribble water. Moreover, the amount of available hot water only lasted about 60 seconds. I also found the tap at the sink could only deliver hot water for a short period of…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or215-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Fault Ridden Towers,"Here is one to avoid. Booked through an agency named London Choice, things went down hill thanks to this agency taking our money, changing our booking, and refusing all attempts to contact them. On arrival we found the location excellent, but the accommodation a disaster for the following reasons: a lift  facade with no lift in it, narrow stairs, fire doors propped open with the fire extinguishers, a blank health and safety notice board, wet towels, bathroom lights permanently on, overheating light switches, exposed wiring hanging out of holes in the walls, no dish towels, broken lights over kitchen stove, only one dining chair for two people, broken glass in window held together with paper and tape, window sashes broken, stained bed linen, and a mattress with multiple broken…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or215-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Dont stay here even if your desperate,"After lugging our numerous bags through Hyde Park we arrived at the check in office.   The clerk had trouble finding our booking, it took her about 5 minutes to find it... in retrospect I wish she hadn't. When she finally found it we were told we would have to lug all of our luggage back down the stairs and down the street to another building.   Once at the correct building we then had to haul all of our luggage down the stairs to our basement ""studio"". The room looked OK, however the first problem was that the room had been advertised with 2 double beds, there was only one double bed the other bed was actually a Sofa Bed. I don't know if you've ever spent anytime on a sofa bed but I can tell you they are not the most comfortable beds. I had deliberately booked a room with 2…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or215-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!,"After lugging our suitcases to the other end of the street and down the stairs, I nearly wanted to cry after opening the door to the apartment. It was hot as hell, unclean and dingy. No air con (despite being advertised as having this...), the bed was practically on the floor and the bathroom was very small. 3 used bits of soap in the bathroom, hair on the bathmats and stains on the pillow cases. We went to the office to complain as I wanted to get the hell out of there and a refund. A very unhelpful person at the desk said the rooms were cleaned every day and it was not possible. Very unhappy, I asked to speak to the manager (who wouldn't be in til the next day) and basically told to put up with it. The horror continued that night when I put a load of washing in....and it…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or215-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T STAY HERE. There's not even a phone in the room!,"First of all, the hotel facade was dirty when we pulled up. There were bags of laundry in the hallway, practically in the front door. You had to walk around them to get in only to be taken aback by the mattresses leaned up against the wall in the hallway.  This was not a good impression on me and I called the booking agent to complain.   Our room was not ready which was fine because we were early. BUT the suitcases had to be left in the booking office, along with about 10-15 other suitcases, where everyone comes in and out to pay for their rooms, ask questions, etc.... No tags given for suitcases so anyone can walk in and pick yours up. Also, this hotel claims to be 3-star but the rooms do not have phones or safes. If you want to secure your valuables, you have to give it to…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or220-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",What a Nightmare!!,I booked this apartment online. It said MEDIUM GOLD APARTMENT so I thought it would suit our needs. First of all we had 4 heavy suitcases and had to carry them up 8 flights of stairs as the lift wasnt working! Then the airconditioning and the TV werent working either. And if we put too many electrical appliances on at one time the electricity went out! I would certainly NEVER stay in this accomodation again and would not even recommend it to my worst enemy!!,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or220-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Mixed feelings: Cheap price, horrible business","We looked for a place to stay in London near hyde park. The hotels that my wife wanted were way too expensive and these suites were on VRBO.com and were looking good for the price asked. We agreed and were optimistic. Great price, great location and good looking pictures on VRBO. Upon arrival you find that they have multiple buildings in the area and may ship you out after waiting an HOUR for their ""taxi"" service (a friend in a minivan).  We arrived and the room actually looked fine. ALL Ikea furniture and Ikea kitchen even. However, some lights didnt work, the ""satellite"" TV has more than a thousand channels but only TWO in english (handful in french, none in spanish that I could find and a thousand in different arabic languages.) Worst yet, the washing machine didnt work, the…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or220-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",you are not in this building. walk 1 minute down the street,"Arrived in the early morning. Room not available that was ok.  They kindly kept our luggage.  Returned in the afternoon.  Passed a room key and told to walk 1 minute down the street to no 81 from where we were at no 11.  You are in room 9c. Walked down the street and had to climb 9 flights of stairs to our room which was HOT, no opening windows. T V did not work and there was a dirty cloth hanging on the fire extinguisher which was the tea towel for wiping the dishes.  Spoke to the people down in the reception.  They sent a clean tea towel however said the lift would not be fixed anytime soon. They should not book you into one place and send you  to another.  Check where you are going to be..Only stayed a few days as was too hot and the 9 flights of stairs were too…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or220-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Had a nice stay,""UNTIL""","Stayed in an Superior 2 bed  apartment in Inverness Terrace which we found was decent enough for a long-weekend or short-stay visit to the Capital. After our stay and just as we were in mid check-out,my wife remembered she had left her mobile/cell phone in the apartment.It could have been no longer than 5 minutes since we vacated the apt but when i returned to the apt, the phone,the charger,to which  both had been left plugged into an electric socket,were both gone.The phone had been switched off as i tried immediatlly to call it! (My wife never has her phone switched off as she is an  on call  Midwife) The room at the time of my arrival,had 2 cleaners in it,both declared no knowledge of seeing a phone?!!!  We had no option but to call in the police! The owners seemed concerned…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or220-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London","Worst service ever, good location.","Hotel was located in a very nice neighbourhood and first we were very exited about the place. We had our own studio which was nicely furnished but hot as hell!! The temperature never went under 29 C, even though we had windows open all the time we were there. There were all kinds of kitchen equipment there, which was a good thing. But in bathroom there was mold all over showerwalls. And the smell was very moldy in whole studio. But the most awful thing was the quality of the service we got.  For example, our flight back was in the afternoon so we had planned to see one more museum before we went to the airport. When we were checking out, we asked if we could leave our luggage there. The guy in a reception said it wasn't possible, cause they needed the space for those people's…",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or225-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",A very expensive college dorm room - not suitable for families,"The only positive attribute of the Hyde Park Suites is the location - walking distance to the park and shops, restaurants.  If there are more than 2 people travelling (i.e.families, etc), save your money and do not stay at these 'suites.' They are not set up for families at all. You are better off paying more and staying somewhere else. These truly feel like college dorm rooms.  The apartments are very poorly maintained, the walls are paper-thin and the bedding/furniture is obviously very cheap. Do not pay extra money for the internet service. The connections are very spotty - you are better off going to an internet cafe.  The staff tried to be accommodating but were clearly overwhelmed with the volume of people and other people complaining.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1194801-Reviews-or225-Hyde_Park_Economy_Apartments-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hyde Park Economy Apartments Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible,"What amazed us about this hotel is there was nothing possible about it. First of all, it claims to be a suite hotel. Where I come from, this normally means ""suites"" and that was the reason we picked it as we are a family of four. But we did not get a suite, it was just a large single room. The first impression of the hotel was pretty awful. Paint was coming off wall and cleanliness of the hotel has much to improve. The owner/management did not see the need to even bother with a positive image is what really amazes us.. The bathroom was so small that we could not sit properly on the toilet bowl. The mattress was worn out and there was no bed sheets. We even had to ask a few times before they brought us extra quilts but we did not like the condition of them anyway when they did…",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
