,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or0-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Stopover in London ,The hotel was basic but had everything needed for one night no breakfast due to covid but close to a choice of restaurants and takeaways beds were comfortable and the bathroom small but clean the reception and staff on hand when needed ,Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or0-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Doss house,"'ensuite was a cupboard,anyone taller than 5'4"" wiould not be able to sit on the WC as no room for legs.Toiletries consist of a tiny pice of soap and a sachet of shampoo/conditioner. Cleanliness was an issue and when I asked for water glasses I was told they were extra. Breakfast consists of cornflakes/branflakes and white or brown pre sliced bread to toast...budget tea and budget coffee granules. Beds were z bed and blanket was ebay fleece type..all inadequate. My friend said she had had better accomodation in a 2* in Morocco 20 years ago and I felt as if I would prefer to be camping DONT DO IT  this is the sort of place you can use if you are in your 20's and want somewhere to stay after a heavy night but anyone sober will find it challenging. the staff were NOT welcoming. When I booked I believed I had secured ground floor and it was mentioned on the booking sheet but apparently this includes floor 3  WIFI is so weak in most areas of the hotel that I do not believe they should claim to have it... oh and the toilet paper is so thin it resembles tissue paper. MEAN and GRUBBY…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or0-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Horrifying - don't come,"The single room is not worthy of human habitation!  The room size is about 3.5 square meters which includes a bed and shower.  Without minimal ability to move around.  The bed - is a folding field bed with a narrow and uncomfortable mattress.  The shower is minimal 0.25 square meters.  In a word - horrifying!  When I upgraded my room to two, the beds did not change but there was room to move.  Do not recommend at all",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or0-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised but still some work to do!,"I stayed at Wedgewood Hotel for a week in January and I was pleasantly surprised! The reception staff were all friendly and mostly helpful, in particular the lady who works evening shifts most nights, who was extremely friendly and helpful throughout my stay.   My single room was small, but well organised with ample storage space and bright with high ceilings, it wasn't at all claustrophobic. The bathroom was well equipped, the shower had good pressure and was plenty warm. The complementary hand soap and shampoo were of excellent quality.   The walls were thin meaning that loud guests could often be heard in other rooms. In any other city in the UK, this wouldn't be an issue, but in a city as international as London where people operate on different time zones, it can be a problem. The single bed was comfortable enough, but nothing to write home about!  The complementary breakfast I was offered during my stay was basic but welcome in a budget hotel in London. A buffet of two cereals and white or brown toast with fruit juice tea and coffee. There was a wide variety of jams for the toast which were all good quality  The breakfast room is well laid out and offered plenty of seating space, although I'd get in when breakfast starts at 0730, particularly on the weekends.  I did have a couple of issues with my stay. The first was the cleanliness of the rooms. Whilst none of the horror stories of other reviews came to fruition in my stay, there were still hairs and marks on the bedding and furniture that showed a lack of care, even in a budget London room. If I were the hotel owner, I would take the time to deep clean the rooms and assess the condition of the furnishings.  Second, a hotel guest decided to smoke in their room a couple of nights during my stay. The smell travelled through the ventilation system in the bathroom and caused my entire room to smell of cigarettes. I understand this was unavoidable but the receptionist was extremely helpful, forthright and apologetic and did all they could to help.  All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Wedgewood Hotel again. It's a perfectly reasonable budget hotel in a great location in London that could be made even better with a slight up on the cleaning.…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or0-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not very nice,We booked in on the 7th at 11PM and we left at 6am the next morning we was booked in for two nights but didn't stay the next night. It was not nice I was having a operation and was scared to go back. The beer was not very nice you sunk in the middle. The room was horrible the shower was just a waste of time. I know you get what you pay for so we left and booked into the travel lodge.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or5-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst deathtrap I've ever had to stay in,"Worst place I have ever had to spend the night in. The rooms are full of stains and discoloration, scratches and dents, the curtains were completely torn with huge torn cloth flaps on the other side. I wish I had not paid before arrival because I wanted to leave as soon as I went inside. The place smells old and dusty like it hasn't been aired out since the 19th century - absolutely disgusting and made me gag. The bed was so tiny that you can't turn around without nearly falling off the edge, not to mention the discolored blanket that was made five decades ago. I've seen fridges that were larger than the shower here. The entire place felt like an abandoned building that people were squatting in. Yet by far, the worst part of this experience was having to meet their receptionist.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or5-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Disgraceful fleapit, do not book here!","Overcharged and disgustingly terrible place to stay. We have been overcharged to stay in this place, with services and health and safety being an issue.  We had booked for 3 nights at this place, the photos made it look like it was decent.  The agent overcharged us, we paid almost 290 GBP for 3 nights when you have it advertised for 37 and 38 GBP per night when we were there. This price is more reasonable for the standard of the place.  There were no safes apart from the one at reception for ""passports only"", the one we had didn't work as there were no batteries in it. When I went down to ask for some to put in for it to work they said that all the safes were broken.  The shower curtain smelled like wet dog, there was filth all over the tiles and what I presume to be piss on the…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or5-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Nice room, no carpets and close to the tube station and Nothing Hill.  I had to print a voucher and the host was very helpfull. The breakfast is extremely simple and the toilet flush is terrible.  But i would come back here.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or5-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, excellent value for money, needed a larger bed",Stayed for 2 nights on a weekend as a couple. Excellent value for money in central London. The hotel is a large old Victoria townhouse set in a quiet street with a park/square behind but only a few minutes walk to the main street We were attending an event in Hyde Park and walked there and back. We were on the 1st floor. The hotel was very clean and the bed was comfortable. However the bed was small only a 3/4 not a full double and was very cosy for 2 adults. There were some large items such as a bedside table in the room which perhaps could be removed/smaller items bought to redesign the room a bit better. Breakfast is self serve cereal and toast and tea coffee in the basement (which has a large skylight so not dark) no extra charge for breakfast which is unusual. We booked…,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or5-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Below expectations, improvements needed","The location of the hotel is very good, everything you would need is within walking distance. Most of the staff members were very nice, except for the lady that checked us in. The continental breakfast would be better if there was more selection, and the breakfast  room would be more comfortable if it weren’t as cramped. I can not fault the cleanliness of the bathroom, but the floor needed some work, there was very heavy wear and tear. We also found a nut and other small objects under the bed. The beds themselves were comfortable. There was a fan in the room which was ideal, as the room was very hot. The walls and the window are thin, meaning we could hear everything going on around us. My overall thoughts of the hotel would be that it’s ok.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or10-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel ,Stayed here on a trip to London. Basic budget hotel however very clean and friendly staff if you are on a budget and want clean safe and friendly this is great is beside bayswater underground station too which is central to london sights etc.. ,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or10-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Have stayed here a couple of times when in the area, bad experiences both times, very noisy, expensive and the worst management in a hotel, reception staff have always been friendly and polite, but the manager has a terrible attitude towards customer service, will definitely not be returning😠",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or10-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in my 42 years on this Earth,"The only positive is that they refunded me £210 from my £299 booking when I decided on the Thursday night that I couldn't possibly stay till Sunday. Given the location, if it was £2.90 a night then that would be overpriced. I could write endless negative things here but that's me wasting even more time on the 1940s tenament slum with everything exactly as it was in 1940 and that includes the breakfast and the useless Wi-Fi.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or10-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, pleasant stay","Was worried by some reviews, however, my experience was good.  The rooms were clean, a little on the small side. Had tv, coffee/tea, hairdryer, soap and shower gel. I was in a twin room, beds slightly small but ok for getting your head down. Was very warm in the room so had the window open all night and we heard no noise, was peaceful (Was at the back of the hotel).   Very good location, short walk to tube station, shops and restaurants.   Thought it was good value for London and was just a base to return to for sleep. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or10-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst night's sleep ever,"Room in basement very warm, bed uncomfortable, then at 6.30am the staff made so much noise in the kitchen it was echoing through the room, this carried on all morning meaning no sleep, they had a washing machine on from 8am also making the room vibrate, there was a luggage room next to our so constantly felt like someone was trying to get in the room - very disappointed as we should have been warned prior to taking the room",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or15-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Checked out a half hour after checking in,The room was so tiny we could barely move. Twim bed. Tiny closet. The room was not in good condition.  I knew as soon as I walked into the room that mu companion--who was scheduled to be in a separate room--was not going to be staying there.     ,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or15-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great location friendly staff,"Stayed here for 2 nights. Reasonable price for bank holiday weekend in Central London. We were happy enough with the room however the beds weren't very comfortable. Only one pillow but did get a second one when I asked. I think there was meant to be an extra in the room but ours was missing. The room was very hot, no air con so slept with the window open but the street below had people coming and going most of the night.  The staff were very friendly and polite and remembered us as we came and went over the weekend. Room had a very small bathroom with a shower which was ok. The room was clean and has a small flat screen tv and tea and coffee facilities, a hair dryer and a safe.  At the end of the day you get what you pay for and we paid for the location, just 5 minute walk from…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or15-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"I was concerned about my booking after some of the reviews, but I had a pleasant stay. The location is great and close to tube stations. The neighborhood is quiet, and there are good restaurants nearby on Queensway. The room was small, but it was clean. The bed was uncomfortable, and the walls are thin.  However, I had a room at the end of the hall and heard minimal noise at night. It’s perfectly fine if you just need a safe place to stay and want to save money. ",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or15-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Handy money,Bit of a begger to find but once you find it its quite a handy spot. My room was on first floor. To be fair receptionist was pleasant enough. The room clean enough. Not over large but i.m a single traveller. Walls are very thin though. Extractor very noisy from my room and next door. You can hear people talking in room next to you. But for the money per night dont complain .,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or15-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Typical Average Budget Hotel,"Was a late booking so paid £69 a night which is overpriced really.. 'double' only £4 more than a single so had it, smallest double I've been in, just a single room with a double bed in my opinion. I was in number 57 in the basement. Obviously a late / recent ish add on as number plaques only go to 56!!                                             Converted store room or similar. Large bathroom - a barrel arched room, basically a big wet room. Musty smelling, no doubt due to end of the road cul de sac nature underground an poor ventilation. Bedroom window looking out onto a yard / well with 2 off cooking? vents/tubes so potential for smells if window open.                                   Ahmed, receptionist, young lad v. friendly and helpful, good crack with him, hope his degree…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or20-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Safe and clean place,"we bought 3 nights at this hotel from booking.com,for 250 euro,with breakfast. We saw that has a good location,not far from underground bayswater and queensway,not far from Hyde park and Kensington palace,near a street with a lot of shops,coffee shops... Clean hotel but all was minimalist. Small rooms,small bathroom...Dont have many expectation from it,but not very bad. Warm rooms,clean,not very good beds,but we was so tired and slept very well. Recomand no breakfast at the hotel,because you will find just bread,butter,jam,milk with cereals,juice,tea and coffee. This is all! In the room we dont find adaptor for charging the phone,next day we have to buy obe for 4-5 £. This is not ok! is possible that hotel provide 1/room and take  5£ deposit?!  the price-quality ratio is so and…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or20-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",2.5 at a push,"Paid around £45 a night and selected to Include their amazing breakfast! Arrived to a moody receptionist who you needed to turn upside down to create a smile, room was a basement room which wasn't too bad but wasn't good either the cleaners must vacuum the floor with their feet, the bed was like sleeping in a bowl as the dip in the middle was awful, bathroom was more like a plastic caravan, towels given was like cheese strings very tired, debated to have a extra hour sleep or go down to breakfast so opted for breakfast and the staff was even worse no hello just a nice filthy foreign look  I asked if I just take a seat and she never understood just a 'SORRY' maybe I should of learnt Polish before I arrived, never see the breakfast staff they stay in their little den talking in…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or20-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap night stay,"Booked this hotel for one night with a friend to use as somewhere to stay after a night out. Not too far from tube stations and the club we were going to, room was average size and clean enough. Rooms are very thin and heard the couple across the corridor having ... I borrowed the iron from reception but accidentally let it fell on the bed leaving a hole in the throw. I was given a £50 fine which seems very excessive for a 10 year old blanket but they lied saying it was custom made for the hotel. A £25 a night hotel with £50 custom made blankets? I think not. Came with breakfast but we did not have it so cannot judge. Not a bad base if you're just using it to sleep but do not leave the iron heating up on the bed!",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or20-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",This is Hostal not a hotel. Absolutely awful,"Room on the 3rd floor. No lift. Walking up the narrow  carpeted stairs, that stank  more the further you went of damp, vomit, alcohol.  Hand  rails were filthy, walls needed painting.  Our room was so small it was impossible to move around, 5 inches from the bed to the window, no double glazing.  Long black hairs on the bed and cigarette burns on the quilt. Suitcases under the bed which was not a double and had a thin sinking mattress, we put these under the bed as to be able to move in the room. The bed was propped up on a piece of wood in one corner!. The bathroom was basic  with 1970's style feel to is as that was probably the last time it was refurbished.  This is a HOSTAL   and  should not be rated as a hotel.  The worst place I have ever stayed in.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or20-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,It gets a 1 rather than a zero because they let us store luggage for a few days prior to our stay while we hopped across into Europe... and I can’t give a zero in trip advisor anyway.  Check in was handled by the least interested staff member in existence who couldn’t even tell us when manager would be in to address our issues. He then proceeded to tell us we had to hand our keys in when we went out... all while trying to calm down another visitor who had been given a room key upon their own check in to the hotel for another guests room. Hotel policy apparently but not mentioned in the booking so we ignored that and clearly our response to this policy was enough for them to not bother us about it while we stayed.  We had booked 2 rooms to sleep 2 couples and 3 kids. We got the…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or25-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Does the Job,"I am a coach driver and just needed somewhere close to Bayswater Coach Park to sleep for a few hours. I found the Wedgewood Hotel on Booking.com, it's only five minutes walk from the coach park and I got a double room with a small en suite shower room for just £33! At that price I fully expected the hotel to be horrible but it wasn't. It's basic, but my room was clean and comfortable with a TV and tea & coffee making facilities. I slept well and left feeling nicely refreshed. It was just what I needed and great value at £33. This is a cheap hotel so be realistic with your expectations, but if you just need a bed and a shower it does the job. I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or25-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not Nice,Grimy rooms with very old uncomfortable beds. Very noisy stuck in basement room. You get what you pay for. Expect very little! I won't even try for the breakfast. Scary tiny tables in the basement. The water is hot though. ,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or25-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not a bad place,"I read a few reviews and didn't know what to expect. I saw no bugs, the rooms are small but clean. You get new towels every day. The breakfast wasn't anything to call home about. Location is great, 5 minute walk to the tube, quite neighborhood. The shower head is high up and you don't get really good water pressure.  Over all good place,if you're looking for location there it is, comfort try somewhere else, the beds aren't that good. Staff is good",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or25-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and Affordable,"My friends and I stayed here last November and it was a really comfortable and quite. It's easy access to the main streets and close proximity to groceries, restaurants, souvenir shops, bus stops and underground tube stations from this hotel.  The staff was really friendly and co operative and we had WiFi anywhere in the compound of the hotel. Their breakfast was great as well, once there was tea or coffee I was happy with that. I really enjoyed my stay and will be going back next year to enjoy the ambiance of this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or25-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Theft by deception,"The Hotel was a disgrace, I should receive an apology and a refund for this lousy substandard hotel. We had a closet of a room barely able to fit one person with a single bed.  TV had no remote, hotel would not provide one. View was of trash in the alley.  The drain in the room was clogged leaving 2 inches of water on bathroom floor after each shower. It took them 2 day to fix it. They were stingy with towels and soap. When asking for a second towel, we were told that we got one yesterday.  They gave us a poor table fan, but no place to put it as there was no night table or shelf.  Even the safe in the room was broken.  Breakfast was substandard. Bad instant coffee, warm orange juice bread and cereal.  Hotel was Wedgwood.  Not fit for people to stay in",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or30-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIFYING. ,"Filthy. Horrible neighborhood. The bed is NOT A BED it’s a cot. Like a summer camp cot. Utterly disgusting. It reminded me of a murder scene. The staff are totally rude and awful, as you might imagine. Never ever ever go to this hotel. Ever.   It’s dirty.  It smells.  It’s not safe.  There are bugs.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or30-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T STAY HERE,The room was extremely small not a double bed maybe a 3/4 bed. The blanket was disgusting with clumps of hair completely covered the blanket and when I asked at the desk they said they were changing linen the linen company who does their laundry. It looks like they wash the blankets with the towels. I asked for another set of sheets rather than the blanket but the next day I got a new blanket which only had a couple of hairs. There has been no renovations done in probably 30 years. The curtain is falling off rod and the window will open but no screen so beware of bugs. No air conditioning. The mattress was worn out and had a spring that my grandmother had on her beds and that was not yesterday. Very rude staff and breakfast was terrible for what you pay they could add some fruit…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or30-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Had to leave in the middle of the night due to bugs!,"This was really one of the worst places I've stayed. When I arrived, there were people having a big argument outside with a woman saying her room had bedbugs. I checked in anyway, but on seeing my room (which was literally 4 ft wide, the door didn't seem to lock, and was basically a room made from a bay window) - I checked my towel on the bed and it had bugs crawling on it. So I checked out and found somewhere else to stay - the receptionist didn't seem phased when I told her I found bugs crawling on the towels so I'm leaving, she just said to send them an email. I'm not normally fussy about where I stay at all, but I draw the line at bedbugs!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or30-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for what it is,"Once you accept that this is a cheap central London hotel, and don't have high expectations beyond that then this is an excellent choice of hotel for a short stay. The location is not too far from both Queensway and Baywater tube stations. The hotel is in a quiet location well away from the bustling Queensway which has shops and restaurants open till very late. The hotel is spotlessly clean, and has a 24 hour manned reception desk who were very welcoming when we were there. As might be expected in a hotel of this class the room we had was small - very small, but the bed was very comfortable (one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in). And Glory! A real opening window - our room was at the back and opened out onto the private square that is Leinster Gardens. There is a…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or30-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book - Terrible service,I recently stayed at the hotel and left my toilet bag in the room  - I contacted the hotel within hours of checking out only to be told that it would be thrown out - I explained that it was a leather bag with some nice toiletries - the lady on reception was quite rude and we asked for her to check with House keeping - no one came back to me - I have phoned back to the Hotel twice hoping to retrieve my belongings and again the staff were very rude and hung up on me - DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or35-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste the money,The place is horrible. Had trash and all sorts of things in the hallway. Old long keys from the 80s that you have to leave at the counter when you leave. There's so much more can't even describe how bad.,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or35-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting, disappointing, don't waste your money!!","We arrived to a man fixing things in the main entrance and the welcome at reception wasn't much better. We were put in room 1, directly behind reception.   The stair carpets are dirty and ripped. The room was tiny and not very clean.   The double beds are 4ft long and about 3.5ft wide, with a huge dip in the middle. The bedding was not fresh and I dreaded having to lie in it. On closer inspection the mattresses are horrible too and the bed frame is a folded down metal contraption.   The toilet wasn't obvious to find as it looks like a cupboard behind double mdf doors. You could sit on the toilet and wash your feet in the shower simultaneously.   The view of the garden, which is nothing like the pictures, was through wrought iron gates inside the window with a big padlock on…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or35-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel,"We (3 friends) stayed here for 4 nights, we chose the hotel because it was relatively cheap and it was near the city. Otherwise the hotel wasn't very good, the room was small and the breakfast was bad.. but we are young so it was also kind of charming i guess haha. I mean, if you are not going to spend much time at the hotel its an okey alternative. The biggest minus for me was that it felt a little unfresh.. but otherwise the location is great, a calm and nice neighborhood with alot of bars/shops and restaurants nearby:)",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or35-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Functional, affordable & no fripperies","Needed a place to stay overnight in London with a mate due to a fottball game at Wembley, so needed something cheap and central. After using usual search engines found this hotel for £45 for a twin room. The hotel is situated within Zone 2 on the tube map just off the Bayswater Road and 5 minutes from the tube station. The hotel reception is 24 hours; the room functional - it has a tv, wi-fi and a shower that worked. It was warm and had a room tea/coffee service. The beds were a little small - they could have doen with a centimetre or 2 extra in length and width. The breakfast was simple; cereals, toast along with tea/coffee and juice. The decor was a little basic but noticed that a coupl of the other rooms were being renovated so get the impression they are doing rooms up as…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or35-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel ,"This is a very good friendly on the Wallet budget hotel. Siri rooms were great, but the bed was soft and very clean. The front staff was very nice, and it is close to the bayswater tube.  The breakfast was comprised of cereal and toast, but again this is a budget hotel. I recommend if you’re seeing London on a budget.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or40-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Below standard,"The day that we arrived, we got put in to a room with 2 single beds even though we booked for a double! We went down to talk with reception and got told that we couldn't get moved until the next day as all the doubles was already in use (we found out the next morning, that they had done this to another couple as well). This meant that we had to pack all of our things the next day to ""check out"" of the room and leave our luggage in the storages since we couldn't get the other room until the afternoon! The breakfast can't really be called breakfast as it's only bread with jam or cornflakes, furthermore there was no where near enough space for guests in the breakfast room! The first room we were in was halfway decent even though the toilet feels like you're walking in to a closet…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or40-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Budget accommodation,"Having read some of the previous reviews, I was not sure what to expect upon staying here. Location wise it is near to a selection of restaurants and the Paddington underground station is about 20 minutes of a walk away, so it was a convenient and  affordable way to visit London as the tube was about 25 minutes to Trafalgar Square where you can get your tickets for the hop on, hop off bus. The room was small and very hot, but you can always turn the heating down. The window was locked so we were unable to open it and we did not have a view of the gardens that are shown on the pictures on the website. The first night, we did not get much sleep as you can hear hairdryers and people coughing/talking in other rooms. We found that the nights we returned after 10.30pm everyone had…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or40-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Practical little hotel,"Location is pretty good, ber are comfortables, the only bad point: Breakfast. Basically you only have white bread butter and marmelade, instant coffee and cheap tea, the room is way too hot to eat in peace. But if you take a breakfast somewhere else is perfect for a short stay.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or40-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not a hotel it’s a b&b,"It’s advertised as a hotel but it’s not it’s a b&b you only get a continental breakfast ,no lunch ,no evening meal ,you get a kettle with sachets of coffee and powder milk & a few tea bags,beds are to small, windows cover in bars,afternoon staff was ok & evening staff was ok,the shower is out of the 40’s you can’t adjust the height it’s a aweful place should not advertise as a hotel it’s a (b&b) You only get free wifi if u ask for code, will never return to this b&b",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or40-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",About adequate.,"If you book a double bedroom, don't expect a double bed. My wife and I slept in separate beds because they were not doubles as we would expect! One staff member was a moody cow, another was very pleasant. In urgent need of a complete refurb or at least decorating. Disappointing breakfast, should really offer cooked but not much choice in continental. Wouldn't stay there again and would advise anyone thinking of staying here to look for something better.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or45-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for a central location ,"It's a stones throw from Hyde Park and a short walk from a number of underground stops. It's well priced just for that, but that's it, the rest is basic. My room was not completely spotless but it was clean and tidy. The room was small as was the bathroom but again it wasn't an issue. The breakfast was basic and again for the price of less than £40 a night for two people you can't complain. There are plenty of comparisons websites and with cashback websites you could get it for even less. My only issue, is due to the closeness of the building we were woken up by those checking into their room above us at 2.30am and it didn't quieten down till 4am, the next night was better, but as we were next to the lift, you heard everyone who got on and off. It just tires you out for the day…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or45-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy stay in a Brilliant location,"After reading the reviews on here I wasn't entirely sure what to expect, But everyone's opinions are different.  When we arrived we were greeted by a gentleman (didn't catch his name) our room wasn't ready which was fine as we could leave our bags and go and do what we wanted. Our room was at the front of the hotel, room spacious for what we needed. We slept with window open as room very hot even after turning radiator off. For one night I have nothing to complain about and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or45-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Wedgewood Hostel,Arrived early Thursday was booking into another hotel for Friday with the hope of getting some of the money back. Was not willing to stay. As you can see the place is a ruin. People are very nice but it is aweful. Room in bad condition damp present. Just wasn't good. Ended up booking into hilton around corner much much nicer ,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or45-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location! Great USD price!,"Staying here currently for a week long vacation (October 1-8, 2017) am happy for my USD price $543 for a week stay.  Elevator on site, breakfast daily 7:30 AM to 9:30 AM, TV, shower in room and daily room service, AND FREE Wi-Fi. Good hotel near Queensway Station, walking distance (4 blocks away) from Kensington Park Gardens (beautiful site), popular US chains like Subway, McDonald's, Burger King, including local novelty shops - all shops take US VISA Cards (I have a TD Bank Card). Great front desk service and clean room. Arrived via Gatwick Airport suggest taking taxi via Simply Airports cost $76 (84 with tax) VISA accepted (1hr ride by taxi to Hotel). Highly recommend if traveling on budget, solo, or with a friend.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or45-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Alternative hotel found at 11:30 at night!,"We arrived, by arrangement with the hotel following a show in the West End, at about 11pm, paying by card on arrival. The tiny room in the basement they gave us was disgusting. The carpet was badly stained and torn, the bedcovers were badly stained, tiles were coming off the walls in the bathroom, the towels provided were very small and extremely thin after too many launderings, curtains were coming off the track, the radiator end was coming off, a bulb was missing in the ceiling and the room was extremely hot – the small slit window had been closed from outside. The night porter undid it from outside but by then the room was far too hot to sleep in. There was a fan available but by this time, despite the fact that after considerable negotiation the night porter had managed to…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or50-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Perfect for our 5 day stay in London. The hotel is in a really nice area within walking distance to the tube and parks. The room was a good size with a big window. There was good security and 24 hour reception. Great hotel!!,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or50-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Plain & Simple..,I went recently and it was what I wanted as I am usually out and about and apart from sleeping I won't be in it long.  The Hotel itself is pretty basic I have to say but the girls on reception were friendly and helpful but the room was small and very basic but it fitted my basic needs so I can't complain on that.  The Hotel across the street is quite noisy so if you can try to get a room that doesn't face out onto the street.  The breakfast is basic but it is pretty much what you pay for but if your going with a family or a partner maybe not your desired choice but the tube is near by as is some good shops & restaurants to chose from and only a 10/15 minute walk from Portobello road which is a great place for a look round..  All in all a decent enough Hotel but it could maybe do…,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or50-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly good after reading some of these reviews!,"We had a twin room on 1st floor overlooking the gardens. Yes it was small but for the price, it was clean, comfortable and with having bars on the windows, you were able to sleep with the window open with little noise coming from outside. As others have said the breakfast consists of just juice/cereal/tea/toast, but there as no limits on how much, and it keeps you going for a few hours. Not far from Bayswater/Queensway or Notting Hill underground stations. Also near Portabello Road and Kensington Park and although we didn't eat nearby, there did appear to be lots of choice of eating establishments within walking distance.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or50-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Location: good, everything else: terrible","We stayed there in a 4-bed-room as a family. The rooms are very small, no wardrobe, no place to put your suitcase. The bathroom (if you can call it room...) is a small cubbyhole with a curtain instead of a real door.  During the 2nd night, brown and smelly water came down from the ceiling. One sleepy Indian for the entire hotel was sitting at the reception desk - he have us 5 towels to put on the floor. The water kept running until morning - at 8.30, when we left the hotel, the plumber arrived. We got another room (a little bit better, but still very old-fashioned), but in general, the hotel is worn out. The elevator is also very small, makes squeaky noises and seems to be not up to date.  The breakfast: there is toast, butter and jam. And some coffee...You have to squeeze your…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or50-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",STUFF OF NIGHTMARES,"Stayed quite a long time ago but my experience was such that I have only recently been able to think and talk about it.  Paper thin walls that enable you to hear things you really don't want to.  Poky poorly furnished rooms.  And by unfortunate coincidence, that night my credit card was cloned and used to charge me over £3000 on a chauffeur driven car which I did not order or use .......am not saying that it happened at this establishment, but it certainly didn't help my impression of this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or55-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"This hotel is not as bad as some other have mentioned, yes the rooms are fairly small but it does the job.  I would say it needs to be freshen up a bit, a lick of paint, change certain fixtures and fittings would make the hotel look more modern, it does look a little tired.  The lady at reception was friendly great service, it was a quick and simple check in and out.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or55-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great value budget hotel,This hotel is very great if you're on a budget. The rooms are a little small and dated but for the price you are paying it's a great place to just get your head down. TV and coffee is provided. Staff were very friendly! Close to public transport and plenty of pubs and restaurants close by. ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or55-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",It was terrifying experience,"I had to pay £59 for a night. On 04/07/17 I stayed at your hotel for a night in the room 57 downstairs in the basement my window was facing the reception and the street. As I mentioned to your receptionist at the time, the accommodation was unsatisfactory in the following ways  Broken furniture, out order equipment including safe. The unhealthy mini size of the bedroom and bathroom where the walls need to have some decoration and refurbishment. The water not sinking down and full of mould and mildew. Very dusty and dirty carpet with a lot of bad stains. I had an achy skin all night from your blanket and there is a pipe in front of the window outside of the bedroom which stinks very badly. The fan was so dusty and the complimentary teas are open. I could not move in the bedroom.…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or55-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst bedbugs of my life!,"I stayed here in June/ July and got a terrible case of bedbugs all over my arms, hands, stomach and legs. The receptionist was genuinely shocked but also didn't seem to care about letting me speak to the manager nor did they offer we any type of refund. Check out my photo of the bedbugs. this was just on one elbow on one arm!! The beds we stayed in were also like camp beds, the rooms were hot and the breakfast was only toast with jam or cereal. the juice was hot. In summary- never again!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or55-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected for BST stay ,"After reading the reviews I was apprehensive to stay here however, I don't know why I took notice of picky people. Yes the rooms are small but the price is excellent for the location and you can't expect 5 star for the price. We stayed in room 401 and the view was beautiful, definitely a bonus. The bed was comfy, facilities spot on and very clean - the maid even visited despite being there less than 24 hours!  A downside to the stay was how hot the room became when temperatures in London hit 26+ but I didn't see this as a fault of the hotel. Reception staff very friendly, received a decent iron when asked without any issues.  If you are planning to spend a lot of time in the room then maybe this isn't the best place for you, but it is the best if you want a great location to…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or60-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms and beds but great location,This hotel is in the great location only 5 minute walk from Bayswater tube station and lots of good eating places and pubs. Also only 15 min walk to Hyde Park and Kensington gardens. But the rooms are very small and internet wasn't great. Luckily this hotel has a lift. The reception staff were very helpful and obliging. Also breakfast was included which was a continental breakfast. It was average!! This hotel is a good for the value.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or60-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre Weekend ,"This hotel is totally adequate for a cheap weekend stay. The staff were very helpful & reception lobby clean & tidy. Our room was small, but clean along with the ensuite.  Bed extremely comfortable & clean; a very warm night was all made all the better for being able to sleep with the window wide open.....quiet location. Breakfast was basic but adequate.  The hotel admittedly needs a coat of paint. We will definitely visit it again.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or60-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"The room was really small, old and dirty like most of the hotel. Breakfast was included but only toast with jam and some cornflakes. The bathroom was literally in a closet but it was clean. Overall good for one or two nights on a city trip.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or60-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good but poor breakfast,"Nice clean hotel. Very friendly employees. The only thing is the breakfast. This is realy poor. There is hot water to Make a cup of tea or instant coffee. There is a milk and juice dispenser. There is a toaster for the Bread, but you have do it yourself. There is only Butter and serveral jams. No There no eggs, cheese or something else. O sorry There is cornflakes. Thats it. Although we enjoyed our stay. Near to Nothing Hill. And the Underground is at a 5 min walk. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or60-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Regular Experience,"Clean room, but old furniture, just like the overall hotel. The room was too hot, and had no chance to change it. The breakfast was scheduled in a strange timetable, from 06:30 till 08:30, not used to it. Free wi-fi, but unreliable, almost useless. It seemed that was being partially remodeled.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or65-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in!,"We stayed in the basement room which was very small, dirty and uncomfortable. It was extremely hot and humid, so we had to have the very small window constantly open, however this did very little to help and let in the steam which was coming from the vent immediately on the other side. The room was just big enough for a double bed and a small path around it. The carpet was filthy and covered in stains. The ""duvet"" had cigerette burns and the mattress was slashed, however the bed sheets were clean but it was too hot to use them so we put them on the floor to walk on. The small wetroom was grubby, and the tiles were falling off and plaster was smeared everywhere. We also shared it with a very large beetle. Our ""view"" was the fire escape, which was covered in paint tins, building…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or65-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid (or pack heavy duty earplugs),"The two bright sides of our visit to the Wedgewood hotel:  1. Reception did deal with the pot-smoking, music blaring, shouty ""troublemakers"" next door after we asked.  2. We didn't actually get murdered through the insecure ground floor window at any point.  At 11:30pm the night of our stay, we'd have considered this a win.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or65-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel - you get what you pay for. ,"We arrived late at night having fitted in a couple of show on our first day... the check in was quick and simple and we were directed to our room.  We were on the first floor, which was a bonus as the lifts weren't working!  The room was a twin with a small wardrobe and a shower room ensuite.  We didn't have breakfast as we had an early appointment, so I cannot comment on that.   The room was basic, but functional and clean, but if you want luxury this is not for you, but it did exactly as advertised.   ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or65-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Poor ,Booked a double room was given a twin room asked to change offered a room in the basement you could not sleep there for the smell of gas  The bed was a camp bed very uncomfortable  Breakfast is poor toast and cereal  Very small rooms you don't want to take to much luggage  ,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or65-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very small room,"We booked a triple room, a double bed and a single bed. Without luggage this room would have not been big enough but with luggage is was almost impossible for three people to get around. The bathroom was a cupboard! Breakfast was basic, toast, cereal tea and coffee (instant). Wifi patchy to non existent. The lovely lady on the desk during the day was helpful and friendly, location is great, you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or70-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent tourist location,"Booked this room a few times (once for my father coming to visit)  Overall, it was a pleasant stay. Clean rooms and showers, friendly receptionists.   For my second booking here, the were a leakage in one of the floors so they arranged for me (and others) to check into the hotel opposite them.  Excellent central location - close to Bayswater and Queensway stations, Hyde Park, plenty of resturants (Greek, Lebanese, Persian, Italian) bars and pubs nearby.   Good value for money and I would stay here again, but would bring some extra bits for breakfast, or plan to eat out as their breakfast in unimpressive and far from filling.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or70-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel,"The room was too small to stand in next to the bed. We had to squeeze through to get from one place to another. Breakfast was bread, butter, jam and serials. Bed was auful, not recommended for any one who still needs his/her back. Although, the staff was very helpfull and nice. They made our stay there bareable.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or70-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for a short break in London,"Fairly central, near Hyde Park. Clean and comfortable. Great value for a short break in London. We were pleasantly surprised after reading some reviews for this hotel, but  we had no complaints. Breakfast was cereal and toast, with tea or coffee and orange juice, but for the price we paid for our stay it was fine.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or70-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for sleep,"Ok for value and good location. Adequate to clean up and sleep, don't expect too much. We took a twin room, was in a noisy basement and really hot. Breakfast basic but its ok. Girl in reception not very friendly.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or70-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Better than I expected for what I paid.The decor could do with a polish and spruce up. Our room was clean and tidy bathroom and towels clean. The breakfast was very basic but like I said earlier for what we paid,I could'nt complain.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or75-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location ,"Staying at the Wedgewood Hotel for a couple of nights. Pleasantly surprised........ fantastic location, great comfy and clean rooms although 'cosy', staff very friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or75-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Never been so dissapointed,"We came for a short trip with my mom, we have slept in the hotel, what to say, the rooms are so small and squezed, seems like they wanted to make as many rooms as possible, well may it caused we could hear everything, the neighbours by the sides and from upstairs, the room was quiet dirty, the accesories are very poor, i mean there isnt even a normal blanket, and the beds are so uncomfortable.. a built-in bathroom (which was very hard to found) in the gardrobe was very small but also nice tho. The wifi doesnt working, you lost the connection after every 5 mins. Definately never ever come back.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or75-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet hotel,"Ive been there just for 3 nights with a friend. I ve been in london for many years, all the undergrounds are close to any place you want to see, so no problem cause in 3 minuts walking fo the hotel u can find bayswater station. Hotel is nice, quiet but nothing special. Breakfast included is not very good(but we are in london)! Anyway good for price and position.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or75-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","OK Value, limited comfort","Value was good and location was in a busy area near Notting Hill with a lot of places to eat and drink. Room and bathroom was very small, walls were thin and could hear people in the next room. No temp control in room, just opened window because it was so hot on the second floor.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or75-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good on a budget,"After reading some of the terrible reviews I was sceptical but thought I'd risk it, on arrival I was pleasantly  surprised.  Check in was 2pm but as I was arriving in London early I contacted hotel previously to ask if I could leave luggage until check in later, this was no problem (it's worth noting they happily stored my luggage for the afternoon after I checked out too).  Check in was easy, staff friendly enough.  I booked a double but ended up with a room with 2 doubles, room was basic but clean, TV, ok wifi, tea/coffee, towels, hairdryer, en suite etc.  For £35pppn in London this hotel is a good choice if on a budget & just want a base to sleep/shower after hitting the sights/shops!  Yes breakfast is just toast & cereal, but it's edible & again it's a budget hotel so wasn't…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or80-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Almost good,"The hotel it's very small and old,our bathroom was new at least.Breakfast was poor but it was enough for me.Near to bayswater station.Quiet area.The internet connection was a living hell,i got disconnected every 2 mins.You get what you pay.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or80-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE.,"We stayed for 1 night with my husband and son as we went to Winter Wonderland. I wanted to make the whole weekend special for us all. We were given a quad room downstairs. The flooring was laminated and cream walls which needed re-painting. The bathroom was so small you couldn't swing a cat in there. It was like walking into a wardrobe, plus no lock on thd door. There was 2 double beds which had sheets and 1 blanket. Our bed mattress was awful and sunk in the middle, so did not sleep well. Breakfast was a joke. 2 cereals was offered and toast which had to wait 15 minutes in the queue to make it. Orange juice was cheap and warm. On leaving the girl took our key and didnt even asked if we had a nice time. It took me weeks to save the money for it and have felt let down. I know…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or80-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",It is properly located,"We booked this establishment for its relative cheap prizes and good location.. Therefore we did not expect much, which is exactly what it was.. The room was clean and the shower was fine. The staff was a mixed bag: most were nice and informative, others came across as uninterested.. Breakfast is included, but it is a joke.. We skipped it after one try and went for proper breakfast in the area.. This is - as the location is indeed good - no problem.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or80-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worse nightmare,"I stayed here last week for 1 night with my girlfriend and it was the worse hotel I have ever been to, the room was cold, really noisy around 3am as I think there was staff in the room next door, yelling and using the hair dryer. Me and my girlfriend later found BED BUGS in the room and I now see about 50 bites around the back of my neck, shoulders and body. My girlfriend has it worse as it's more red and bigger in size. We told reception at about 4am as we had to go outside and he didn't seem to care as he was half asleep. What a bad experience, body still itching",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or80-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Dated hotel needs a revamp,"Twin room was two single beds. Beds comfy. Room hot. Floor wooden and very noisy came hear foot steps from above, below and next door rooms. Clean white towels in a small bathroom. Hot water constant. Breakfast basic cereal cornflakes or bran flakes. Toast or bread and jam. Tea or instant coffee and orange juice that's it. Wouldn't say this is continental breakfast",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or85-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever been,"Poor hygiene, terrible noise, doors banging all night. You can hear everything. Continental breakfast? Only bread, butter and jam.Dining room is located in half floor,I was suffocating. The First thing in the next morning was to leave the hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or85-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Don't use amoma!!,"We were put here by amoma against our will. In a tiny room, with a tiny and very uncomfortable bed, with a window that doesn't close completely, I could hear a person next door snore all night long, I can hear the floor creak every time someone walks through the hall, with a tiny bathroom with fixed shower head, unfriendly staff even though I really tried to humour them (should be other way round, right?), and lots of little things missing like a little hook to hang your coat on. On the up side, the room was clean.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or85-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Unwelcoming. Had to ask where my room was and then was given incorrect directions. Grotty little room in dire need of a refit. No facilities. Constant water trickling all night from the toilet cistern that is faulty. Got woken up at 6 by what I can only assume was some sort of washing machine, shaking the whole room next to mine. Had a shower which took 5 mins to get any warm water then discovered the hot tap was leaking -spraying out red hot water at waist height! Went for breakfast and it was great if you like DIY toast and cereal -nothing else and no staff. Ok it was cheap, but surely the owner could do better than this ?",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or85-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,"Absolutely terrible. stayed in a basement in this 'hotel', tiny room. the carpet was disgusting, stains, ripped up and hairs. the bed had a massive stain on it, and also smelt like Urine. I Looked at other reviews and they say look out for cockroachs..... when i woke up, i went to the bathroom and they were everywhere.  This was the worse place to stay.  The manager FATIMA, what a load of rubbish she was. she was so rude.  ANYWAY, this left me and my partner to leave this hotel at 1AM and wonder the london streets on our own. We are only young. so this was scary. hotel didn't give us a refund. oh and they over charged us. 100 pound for one night.  This place terrible, sick to my stomach. Do Not GO.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or85-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel for someone on a budget!,"Having read the reviews of the hotel AFTER booking, I was quite concerned about what I was getting myself into. Expecting the absolute worst, I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived there. The staff were very nice and friendly. Even though the room wasn't the biggest, and warm like sauna at times, it didn't take long to get used to it.   If you're on a budget and looking for a cheap hotel in a nice area close to central London, this is the one for you! I'd gladly stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or90-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",See for yourself,"Stayed here recently and was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews. The staff were very pleasant and welcoming and check in was straightforward. The room wasn't massive but I was there to sleep not to do sequence dancing , the bathroom was fine and spotless and this 6ft elephant could fit in just fine. Breakfast as indicated elsewhere was cereal and toast but you could have as much as you wanted and its exactly what I have at home. This is the cheapest hotel I have ever stayed in in London and it was fine , im never sure why people who like me have paid low prices expect the Ritz . A clean , well priced hotel in a great location , I'll certainly return.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or90-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE DISGUSTING,"The pictures will say it all, if you want to sleep in a dirty bed with cockroaches stay here. If you want a rude hotel manager who is very very very unhelpful stay here. Please please don't even if you are desperate. Fatima the manager refused to give hotel owners name to complain further.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or90-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",A few days (nights) with my daughter,"Adequate. Short walk from Bayswater Station, convenient enough for seeing London from. Cheap, small cramped room, very small bathroom, with basically a double wardrobe door to squeeze through. Cheapish hotel for London, don't expect much but somewhere adequate to clean up & sleep. Cramped but clean.  Carpet tired & taped up in places, lift & wifi unreliable. Very basic breakfast, desk open 24hrs & friendly enough staff.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or90-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate budget Hotel,"If you are looking for a budget hotel, Central location, Bed and breakfast and Wifi, then this is the best. The hotel is situated in a square among hostels and other hotels. It is 5 minutes walk from the Tube station, Restaurants and shops. The staff are always helpful and friendly, although the quality of the rooms can vary from terrible to adequate, but overall fine.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or90-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Stedentrip,"A very nice hotel which is located in a pretty fancy neighborhood. It's not very cheap, but it has clean, comfortable( but small) rooms. The breakfast is a bit small with not much to choose out of but it's good enough. The personal is friendly and the location is perfect if you want to travel by metro, which is located 5 min. from the hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or95-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",WHAT A DUMP.,"The worst hotel ive ever stayed in my life. Dirty,tiny rooms,no air conditioning, booked a double room, what a joke. Double room lol. Yea for bunk beds!!!! I couldn't wait to get out of there. Its a hell hole. It's an embarrassment to the London tourist board. Hair all over the kennel they call a bathroom. Toilet seat wasn't fixed to the toilet. Shower looked like something I use to use when I was in school..I'm 52.breakfast lol. cornflakes and toast. This hotel is the PITS, makes fawlty towers look like the Ritz. It needs to be demolished. Stay well away.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or95-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel, the location is the only positive thing","We stayed here for three nights and we were shocked. The location of the hotel is good. We were going to check in and we were told that the elevator was out order or it wasnt any. Thats ok, we are relative young people able to walk several stairs. We got a room on the top floor and the stairs are so narrow. No help offered to get the luggage up. We managed, but what about older people? We also got our breakfast in a bag, because they were fixing the breakfast area. We didnt pick up the bag the second day, no point. The safe in the room wasnt working, no batteries? Carpet in the room dirty and the handles on the cabinets where broken. Compared to the price we had to pay we would have expected much much more. Find another hotel is my advice.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or95-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Scullery maids closet,"Me and my wife stayed here for one night, never again!!! The room was in the basement and it was that small you could not swing a cat in there. And the veiw out of the window was like a buiding site.(see picture) And the breakfast was awful, we had to collect it from reception in a bag and take it back to our room, were we ended up bining it and going to McDonald's just down the road.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or95-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Diabolical!,"We turned up on the Tuesday morning with our suitcase at about 8:30am We were told the rooms aren't ready until 2:00pm, which is fine. I was shocked to find out they had bag storage downstairs which was a single room with everybody's luggage in there. We had to take it down ourselves, no offer for help or anything. Then we checked in with the rudest clerk and left.   When we came back about 3:00pm the room was ready so we went downstairs to get our bag. When we came up they gave us our key and said you are on the rope floor (5 flights of stairs). Of course there wasn't any help offered so we struggled to the room. When we opened the door it was a tiny box room, with a kettle but no tea or coffee, a small shower room that had no lock, and a tine 'double' bed. It was awful. Stains…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or95-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Do something about the noise !!,"We spent four night at the Wedgewood with my sister.  At first our room wasn't ready until 2pm and it was noon... Then it was very very noisy, I could hear the lady next door yelling and talking and also drying her hair at 3 in the morning...  Didn't even wanted to try the breakfast because of the comments on TripAdvisor...  The room was clean and the bathroom too but I found hair on my blanquet.. Just to sleep (kind of) but definitely not to relax...",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or100-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Meagre breakfast and a cupboard as an ensuite,"I booked this because it looked rather grand outside (which it still does), and is in a good location in Bayswater. The rooms were very, very tight and we had to negotiate tight staircases with our luggage (no lifts) on the third floor. The shower/toilet was really the size of a wardrobe. In other places in London, the warm breakfast makes up for the small rooms, but not here. The breakfast was meagre. No hot food at all - only toast and jam and cornflakes/muesli. A good Full English (or a more continental boiled eggs, cold meats and cheese) would have made such a difference.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or100-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",No second date,"My husband booked this hotel probably because he hadn't read the very helpful reviews on Trip Advisor. The female receptionists are friendly and helpful, the male receptionist has a veneer of friendliness that strips off the second you forget his instructions about how to find some well hidden room then you get a raised voice and the distinct feeling you are stupid indeed. The rooms are small and some of the ensuites give water closets a new twist. Couldn't turn off the hot water for a while which was dangerous as the water is very hot. The toilet cistern didn't stop flushing all night.  As mentioned the breakfasts are nothing to shout about: sliced bread, tea and jams. The good thing is they don't stinge in the bread, butter and jam. The wifi is good mostly depending on where…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or100-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Words also fail me..,This hotel was absolutely disgusting. Don't ever stay here. Ever. The carpet in the room had seriously never been cleaned. There were stains all over it. The walls were disgusting - years of people touching them without ever being washed. The bedding and shower had random hairs in it. The blankets were stained all over. Absolutely gross place. Don't even consider it for the price.,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or100-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Words fail me,"It has taken over a week for me to get round to writing a review of our stay in what must be the worst room I have ever stayed in. To be honest we did book through a site which specialises in late rooms which we have used before, and it was cheap but if we had been paid to stay here it would have been too expensive. Check in was pleasant enough although surprised to be asked for ID. Our room was downstairs and can only be described as a cellar which should not have been used for paying guests! The window had been propped open by the curtains enabling the steam from the outlet pipe to fill the room. The wet room was actually under the road and obviously had been a cellar. The tiles were coming off and the ""bedroom"" felt grubby. Our stay came with what was described as a…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or100-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Awful bed,"- Room was small and noisy, with old stained carpet, beat up furniture, and cracked paint - Toilet seat was not properly attached to toilet, shower leaked - Horrible breakfast that closed very early (9.30); only options were toast with jam and butter and cornflakes with milk - No lift (under renovation), had to take stairs to 4th floor - And last but not least: THE BED WAS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. 120 cm ""queensize"" bed is too small for even normal weight adults. You could feel the springs poking through the mattrass, which was very flimsy. The bed shakes uncontrollably with even the smallest movement! You can't sleep in this bed. We had to take painkillers in order to fall asleep!  - Staff were quite friendly though. Cleaning staff did a good job. The owners should step up though,…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or105-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing stay,"Booking in was easy - staff are friendly. Room was on the third floor, no lift.  It was tiny with a small sized double bed pushed against the radiator under the window and to get out of bed I either had to climb over my partner or shimmy down the bed. The bathroom was also very compact. The room would have been ok for one but was too small for two. Room was clean and was serviced daily.  Breakfast was self service tea coffee juice, cornflakes and toast. The Byzantine cafe on Moscow Road provided a proper breakfast on day two 😀",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or105-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect budget hotell!,"Me and a friend stayed here for three nights and could not be happier with our choice of hotel! The staff was sooo kind and helped us with all our ''tourist-questions''. The room had nothing to complain about, it smelled fresh, big and comfortable beds and a TV that worked perfectly! Also, the wifi worked superfast and everywhere!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or105-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,Maybe not 100% disappointed but have expected a bit more. We needed a room in central London for 2 nights and based my choice on previous experience - we did stay there about 3 years ago and have valued Wedgewood quite high. Did  not expect this hotel  to become Ritzz but its was not the same place. Lets start with positives : excellent location minutes away from central London and nice and friendly staff. Negatives : lift wasn't working and not sure when it is going to work. Friends of mine stayed there in February this year and were told that lift  will be replaced in March...oh well maybe March 2017 as in April this year lift was still not working. So if you less able opt for rooms on lower floors. Stairs to higher floor are DANGEROUS specially when walking down - basically…,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or105-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Stay away from the rooms in the basement, especially room 52","The hotel is located in the Notting Hill area in a nice location, very close to the three available subway lines. The outside structure was nice, although a little  bit too shabby.   The room we had was in the basement, exactly between the kitchen and the luggage storage room, close to the Breakfast Room. There was one window only, overlooking  the interior and communicating with the kitchen; hence, very noisy early in the morning. The forniture was very innadequate, old and ruined enough: only a nightstand between two queen-size beds (whose mattresses were in very poor condition), a desk and a chair. The only light in the room was the one on the ceiling: there were no lamps next to each bed.   The bathroom was very small and long, the step to enter was very high, the toilet was…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or105-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and decent on a budget,"We were a little unsure if we had booked the right hotel as we had read some bad reviews. The hotel has a great location, and is on a quiet street. Unfortunately we got a room in the cellar, which we had read was not very good by previous reviewers. However, the room was of good size and clean. Towels were changed daily and the room was cleaned daily. What bothered us a little bit was the noise from the breakfast room, which was located right next to our room. The chairs make an awful noise when scraping the tile floor, so we were not able to have a lie-in as breakfast is served between 7.30-9.30. We put a towel or other garment in front of the door, as the gap between the floor/door is a few cm which makes it a bit quieter. Some cigarette smell would also come into our room…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or110-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday weekend almost ruined,"For the price 180 for two nights for me and two of my friends that seemed ok. We booked from the lastminute website stating we would have a 'triple room' with 'three single beds'  When we arrived the customer service was terrible. Literally took our details and no conversation to where the breakfast room was held etc.  so we get to our room to find one single bed and one ' double bed'(almost the same size as the single'!)  So i complained to the reception- HE said it was our fault for not clicking the right option online for three bed and if the paperwork didn't say it on, there was nothing he could do! No apologies! The en-suite was a shower big enough for a child looked like a converted wardrobe.  So in the end, we had to push the beds toegether. None of us slept well as if we…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or110-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel of all time.,This is the worst hotel of all time. The visit was literally seconds old before myself and my friend were offended by the shoddiness of the place when we were asked for photo ID at booking. In all my years I have never ever seen this done before. Talk about making your guests feel welcome. The Arabic gentleman at the desk was giving off homophobic vibes as he mistook us as a couple. The room was crap. The beds were crap. You couldn't swing a cat in the bathroom which was a wardrobe in a former life. The TV was the equivalent of Michael Scott's flatscreen from The Office. The building is a massive fire hazard with its broken lifts and narrow staircases. The rude gentleman at the desk started shouting at us as one of us had mistakenly gotten locked out of the room during the…,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or110-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",The best hotel for its price. Free wifi and breakfast!,"This is not a 4 or 5 stars hotel, but this is definitely the best budget hotel I've stayed in London. Yes the rooms are compact and small, but you dont come to London to stay in the hotel room all the time. However if you come with a little child sharing bed with you, make sure you mention it in the booking note so that they can give you a proper queen size bed. There is also no lift to climb to 4th floor so if you have big luggage do request a lower floor room while booking.  The location is excellent, a 5 minutes walk from Bayswater Tube station, surrounded with a lot of restaurants and souvenirs shops.  The price is affordable, the free wifi and breakfast alone might cover £10 of the room fee!  It has luggage holding room, so save your £11 luggage holding fee at the train…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or110-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Location , location , location ","You get what you pay for. Very small bath,Even for me and I'm only 5ft 110 lbs. Breakfast is simple. Toast and cereal.  No elevator and stairs very narrow.  Staff was extremely nice and accommodating. BEST thing about this hotel is location. Central to everything. If you want luxury , go somewhere else. If you want a great location , stay here. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or110-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good ,Stayed in this hotel for one night whilst visiting London arrived at the hotel to a friendly welcome. The reception staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel is basic but all the amenities are available a strange touch is the bathroom in the cupboard strange but surprisingly functional. The beds were comfortable.i would stay here again if I was visiting London again as its in a very good location and cheap. ,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or115-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Family trip,It was a great place to stay. We didn't expect much as for us it was just a place to sleep and have breakfast. The stuff was very helpful- recommended places to eat and also printed my plane tickets without any delays when I asked them in the middle of the night totally out of the blue. ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or115-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,"The hotel is very clean, comfortable and staff were very complimentary. The bad reviews are harsh. It's fine. although rooms were small, they were clean, adjustable temperature and clean shower pods. An abundance of coffee etx. For the flea pit price, you will enjoy",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or115-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not sure why the negativity. ,"Most of the negative reviews sound like either uppity people or the Americans whom have never spent time in a hotel in Europe. I had a wonderful experience at the Wedgwood. The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel is quite close to three tube stations and several buses. The room is one of the largest I've had while staying in England,  especially compared to the west end and city centre hotels. The complimentary breakfast is small but does the trick. The temperature in the room was fine and the bathroom was clean.  Would stay again next time for sure.  ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or115-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Get the lift fixed !,"Stayed for 3 nights in Jan 2016. Start with the good. Pros : Clean, fairly quiet at night, bathroom ok, hot shower, good water pressure, tv worked after I re-tuned it, lots of tea and coffee. 5 mins walk from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. Good local amenities - pubs and cafes, there is a Tesco Metro and Sainsbury Local. Free wi-fi which worked and was reasonably fast. Cons Lift *still doesn't work* - this seems to have been broken for months - get it fixed ! Breakfast is basic to say the least, the breakfast area is very small and was way too busy for the size of the hotel, had to queue to get toast. Powdered milk in the room rather than real. The bathroom is effectively built into a cupboard. No duvets, sheet, woolly blanket and bed-spread. Overall, reasonable value…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or115-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away From This Dump!,"I think the title says it all.  This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!  There is nothing good that I can say about this hotel.  The rooms are a joke.  We had a triple room and 3 people could barely stand in the room at the same time.  The bathroom was even worse.  The bathroom is in what used to be a closet.  To use the sink you almost had to stand in the shower because it was so small. The pillows were paper thin.  I folded my pillow over and I still felt like I was placing my head on the mattress.   The door lock was a joke too, i could have unlocked it by just touching it.  One of the reasons why we booked this hotel was because of the fact that they said they had an elevator and we were traveling with luggage.  When we arrived we asked the front desk where the…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or120-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Don' t chose this hotel,"Dirty ( copwebs in two different rooms), rooms very small, old and indecorous. Wifi didn't work no where ( they always had the excuse of to much people connected, i tried in a different moments of day and night) . Breakfast is only corns and milk or bred with jam, no water is available during breakfast . Elevator broken all the time. ",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or120-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Stayed only one night. Breakfast consist of only toast and jam and cereals. Clean hotel with friendly staff. A bit worn- out. Wi-fi didn't work properly/ very slow. Elevator out of order. The beds were very hard, didn't get much sleep because of that. Located only a few minutes walk away from Bayswater station. Ok for just one night, but next time I will choose another hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or120-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",easy london break,"small hotel, but very clean, staff all very helpful, in agreat spot jsut outside of the hassle of london, right near Hyde Park, easy for tubes, great shopping near by, loved it. would deffo stay again",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or120-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Myself and my husband stayed for 3 nights and were happy with pretty much everything.  Our room was on the 4th floor (great view over the park) and the lift wasn't working...but it's only a few flights of stairs, nothing we couldn't handle.  The room was clean, and the staff friendly.  We were happy with the breakfast, which was  toast and cereal, tea, coffee and juice.  Yes the room was small, and the ensuite even smaller, but the bed was comfy and there was tea and coffee and a working hairdryer (not always to be found in working condition in more pricier hotels). This IS a budget hotel, but it's in a lovely old building, in a great part of Bayswater, there are loads of pubs/restaurants and shops within a few minutes walk, and there are 2 tube stations less than 5 mins walk…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or120-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel and stuff !!!!!,"this is the worse hotel ever !!!! Stuff they are really bad and very rude !!! we have late check inn and lady on the front desk she was disgusting!!  her language was very bad!!!! she wasn't nice , she was smell very badly !!!! she wasn't organize at all !!!!!  we've book double room. She give to us a twin !!! and she said this room was allocate to us by her college and she doesn't know why her collage she decide to give us twin room and is nothing to do with her and she can not refund money, then she left reception and she was join cigarette with one guy and he was one of receptionist as well. We was trying talk to them and fix our problem but this man he was very aggressive. In the morning was different girl on reception her language was much better but her attitude and…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or125-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",My worst nightmare,"When I booked this room through lastminute.com, I was told that the hotel was in need of refurbishment which is why it was cheaper than the average price for a hotel room in London. Because I had booked it at the last minute, I assumed that I would get a room for less and went ahead, as the photos on the website looked reasonable. My treatment at reception was appalling as witnessed by my brother, who helped me to check in. I was told I would need photo ID even though I was able to produce evidence of my booking using my phone and a reference number which I was given. No mention of this was made when I booked the room. Not only that, but I was also told I would have to hand in the keys when going out and had to be in by 11pm. I dutifully did that and had to wait 10 minutes…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or125-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Cockroach nightmare!!,"Horrible experience. We were allocated a basement room where there were cockroaches in the bathroom. The staff argued and argued with us, first telling us that the roaches wouldn't hurt us and for us to put towels by the bathroom door (because it didn't close!)and they'd remove the roaches in the morning, then a very rude male member of staff said he'd killed them so we could go back in (not knowing where they'd come from I don't think we were unreasonable to still be reluctant to return to the room). They then suggested we could leave and go elsewhere but couldn't get a refund as we'd already been in the room (for a grand total of 5 minutes!!) And we would have to return next day to dispute further with a manager. It was gone 11pm and I was getting quite upset at being argued…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or125-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Just about OK,"This is a no frills hotel which does the job, just. Reception was nice and check in thorough. Because the lift wasn't in service when we were there we had to carry our bags up four storeys to our room ourselves. Staircases are narrow on the third and fourth storey as they would have been for servants when the house was built. The room was tiny, space for one suitcase on the floor, bathroom fully functional but built into what seemed like a large cupboard. The decor is generally tired and the bed mattress was worn, we kept rolling into each other. That said location is good and the square was quiet at night so we got a reasonable night's sleep. The TV worked well, WiFi worked (better on some floors than others), the room was warm and the Tea and Coffee facilities worked too. No…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or125-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Affordable, simplicity...","Does not promise more than it can keep. If you need a family room without excesses or extras, this might be a good place. Good location in Bayswater. Continental breakfast included. Some malfunctions. Ok wifi. A couple of routers.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or125-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",worth the money,GREAT STAY warm welcome by staff lovely room. Nice size and onsuite shower room stayed with my son so close to underground stations to get to main middle of London last min bucking other hotel cancled me threw on line bucking glad this hotel could put me and my son up at such short notice great views Notting Hill also where film was made worth staying will stay longer next time The price was 45 but is worth more for where it is thankyou so very much for such a wonderful stay,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or130-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent for price ,"Yes the place is basic but the location is perfect, if you can't afford a posh hotel I would recommend the place. The hotel is clean tidy and breakfast is included.  We was very happy with our stay.  There prices are between 65-85 or but more for events but if you book in advance you will get a good rate, not many places  in this area of London could u have a double bed at that price. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or130-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected!,"Not going to lie, I was more than a little concerned about this hotel as there were some very negative reviews on here, however I was pleasantly surprised.   The room was small (as are most rooms in this price range in London), but acceptable considering what I paid. The bed was okay. I was a bit impressed by how much they fit into such a small space! The shower was okay, again pretty small (at some moments I felt a bit claustrophobic but that is just me!)  Room was generally clean, however there were some areas of the room which could have done with a wipe down, particularly in the bathroom.   Service was good. I arrived early and the receptionist checked if the cleaners could clean my room to allow me access earlier than normal check in time.  Breakfast is standard/ basic, but…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or130-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"For its location, the price is very good We were on the ground floor and the twin room was basic and adequate, but the bathroom was a let down We were surprised to find breakfast included, but what a let down that was, cornflakes and toast was all that was on offer, so we passed on the second morning Would stay again if I was in London",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or130-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",basic room,"First the stuffy room was on the ground floor the fence locks were broken, they put a simple lock to keep it closed didn't seem secure.  A very narrow bathroom, poor cleaning, find hair and durst in the bathroom.  No fan in the room  it was a little hot, couldn't open the window by safety Poor breakfast",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or130-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little hotel ,Stayed here twice now due to work would definitely stay again if on around £300 mark as i share with work friend great location for our work and for food on night and only 20 mins walk to paddington for more stuff staff nice and helpful especially anna marie on reception ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or135-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Nothing fancy, but good location","There is nothing fancy about this hotel, but it is in a good location.  The important things are clean, there's a lift, and the staff are pleasant.  The rooms are small (bathroom is tiny) but good value       ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or135-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Stay Here!,"This was the worse hotel I ever stayed in. I looked at photos of this place on a few different sites but they're deceiving. This hotel cost me approximately $1100 for 7 nights. It was the most reasonable rate I could find in London for what they were offering at the time. So, I thought. They advertise it as hotel, but, in my opinion, it should be a categorized as a youth hostel.   The moment I checked in I knew I made a mistake. There were people in the lobby waiting to check out, so I asked a few what they thought. Every single comment was very negative. When I arrived in my room I immediately tried to get a refund, but that was not an option. I was stuck here for one week and had to make the best of it.  One reason I chose this hotel is because it was on Leinster Square…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or135-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid!,"Without doubt, the worst hotel I've ever stayed in! Made the mistake of booking a so called, ""3 star"" Mystery Hotel on Wotif & therefore couldn't cancel! I requested a non smoking room, but the place reeked of cigarettes, the toilet seat was not attached to the bowl, shower leaked constantly, the tired, saggy old bed was very uncomfortable and the wi fi, television & telephone didn't work. Breakfast was horrid in the hot, smelly basement and the clapped out elevator was a nightmare. How this place could be advertised as ""3 star"" is beyond me. Staff were quite good, but this hotel is a hovel!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or135-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely..,"Im annoyed with the bad reviews cause we thought it was lovely, the receptionist was friendly and sweet, the room was basic but comfortable, the breakfast was fine...again basic but enough..the area was lush....we loved it, I don't know what people expect but this hotel is lovely...:) we have stayed in top hotels and they have been worse..give it a go great great great. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or135-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms and horrible breakfast,"Very close to the metro station Queensway and walking distance within Kensington Palace. HOWEVER, the rooms were much too small - I couldn't even walk around comfortably. The bathroom is small, the hallways are small, the lift is tiny, and the walls are thin - I can hear the neighbours clearly.   Also the ""breakfast"" was only toast, cereal, orange juice and instant coffee.   The wifi also sucks and didn't work the first day and a half.   Poor service - the people working the reception often seemed annoyed with whatever we had to say. Our room was too hot the first few nights and we kept asking why the heat was turned up but they couldn't be bothered to tell us how to turn the heat off. They also never had an answer for why the wifi didn't work.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or140-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Good afternoon,  I'm writing to complain about my experience in this hotel. Firstly, I have to let you know that I paid £120 for two days, breakfast included and I have to say that it was awful.   As soon as I arrived, I had the first issue when I took a shower. When I had finished, I found the room full of water. Immediately, I called to the receptionist and I waited for two hours him to send someone to come and to fix it but he forgot at least to come.  In addition to this, the Internet was down and the lift didn't work and we were on the third floor.  I really think this hotel is a complete mess. I would suggest going to a better place instead of this bad hotel to any potential guests.   Sent from my iPad",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or140-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",It was good!,"I stayed for 3d 2n. The hotel was in a quiet area and most importantly, within walking distance to the underground stations, shops & restaurants, Hyde Park etc. The room/hotel we stayed in was clean and comfortable. Friendly staff. I was at Level 2, the wifi was great. The breakfast was basic; breads & cereals - more than enough to get by.  Love the stay, would definitely stay there again!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or140-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Awful stay that resulted in missing items!,"After the cleaner 'mistakenly' took a recently purchased keyring from mine and my mothers room, we return home to find our luggage had been raided and a pair of GHD straighteners had been taken out. Although the receptionist couldn't give any more apologies it wasn't an apology that would going to buy back a £5 souvenir. Now the GHDs were wrapped up in a brown towel in my mothers suitcase which we left in a luggage room after check out to continue our trip around London. As we were in a rush we didn't check our suitcase before we exited the hotel and left the city. When we got home and unpacked the straighteners were gone. Now it doesn't take a genius to figure out where they'd gone. Do not risk your items at a cheap stay... all that and you don't want to know about the size of…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or140-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",robbed blind,"stayed in this place and would never go back..........the room was so small that you could brush your teeth , shower, lay in bed and watch tv all while sat on the toilet ha ha .... the cleaner chose to help herself to whatever she wanted from our room while we were out..... and my ghd hair straighteners were taken from my case while left in the supposedly secure luggage room. worst place ive ever stayed and although the staff seemed friendly they were no help when i informed them of the theft.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or140-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Look's better on the outside...,"Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel for 3 days, great surrounding area if you're a fan of luxurious buildings. The reception staff were very friendly, although we had some trouble understanding the female with the European accent! The room we stayed in (double) was VERY small, we had to think where the bathroom was, we then found it in what looked like a cupboard! The bathroom was very tiny, and DIDN'T have locks, meaning the wind was constantly blowing open the toilet doors! The bed was comfortable for it's size, although sounded as though it was stuffed with coins!? Breakfast had the basic tea/toast/cereal as expected, the staff were very fast in re-filling stock and were almost rushing everyone to finish (hoovering around us as we ate)... The hotel's lift is extremely…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or145-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Bad bad bad,I am curently staying in this hotel. I could have cried last night when I arrived.  Bed small. Matress well used and very stained. Shower look clean but is not. Tv so dusty u cannot see picture. Room so small u can not leave anything laying about.  Only space is where the kettle is..  Oh. Kettle very clean.  Dried powder milk....yuk. About to brave breakfast.  Staff however ok arrival was lovely,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or145-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not nice but okay value for the location.,"We booked a double bed. We were given two single beds pushed together. So we had an uncomfortable night sleeping in a crack.  The room was very hot. With no air conditioning we had to keep the window open. This led to being kept up by noisy drunk people in houses across the road.   The staff were generally quite rude and disinterested, not even asking how our stay was when we left.   The lift feels so old, tiny and unsafe.   The decor in the rooms is old fashioned but it was relatively clean on the most part.   A breakfast service is offered which amounts to a choice between corn flakes or toast. Luckily it is only a few minutes walk from pubs and restaurants that will serve a breakfast.   The shower didn't work very well. It was either very hot or very cold, nothing in between.…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or145-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Never ever again!!,"Comparing the price per night of this hotel to places I've stayed around the world it would have to be probably the worse (this includes backpacker hostels!)   1. Rooms are very small, we had to move the suitcase each time we walked from bed to bathroom  2. The floorboards are so very old that they creak LOUDLY..the person above us was an early riser waking us up every morning at 6 just by walking  around  3. Sheets on the bed were stained and had hair in them..made me question whether they were even changed 4. I cleaned the bathroom mirrors and the basin MYSELF!!! Again makes me question whether the room was even cleaned!  5. I was woken up by the maid at 9am! There wasn't a do not disturb sign!! I just got back to sleep from the floorboards above me..this was beyond…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or145-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Okay but not for families,"Young couple looking for a cheap night in London, after reading reviews me and my partner were scared but we just wanted a room for the night without paying a ridiculous price. So we booked through booking.com as we arrived she told me my card was declined YET no one contacted me luckily they had a room, reception was rude but the nicer we were the nicer she became. We got into our room it's seriously basic but it's all you need. Personally our room was clean. Reviews on here seem to be a bit exaggerated I wouldn't advise any families to stay here only young people/friends/couples. Didn't bother going to breakfast didn't seem worth it. They have a luggage room for you to leave luggage before and after check in and free wifi. Lift is a little scary but the location is excellent,…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or145-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible stay!,"Though the price was good (for it's location), everything else was terrible. We booked a 4 people room with a double and two singles and were given a room with 2 slightly-bigger-than-single beds. The floor space was so small that we had to move suitcases around just to move around. We also found hair on the bedsheets and stains on all the covers.  We requested a different room each day and were told different excuses each day, finally on our second last day they agreed to move us to another room, we moved some of our stuff into the new room and left the rest in the luggage room as we were told the cleaning lady hadn't quite finished.   When we returned we were told the new room we had been allocated was under maintenance and that there had been (yet another) mistake. The man at…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or150-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Was ok,"Best thing was location. Few minutes walk to Portobello Market. Few minutes walk to Bayswater and Queensway underground stations. Bad, was paper thin walls and door. Was right next to lift, which rattled very loudly when in use. Also there were loud guests in another room across hall who sounded like a bunch of hyenas. When they arrived at 2am one morning and wouldn't quieten down , had to call the front desk. Also bathroom fans are excessively loud. Extremely annoying when neighbours fan is running. Creates a loud buzzing humming noise in your room. Daily room cleaning was great, was pleased with that.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or150-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",We got our moneys' worth,"My sisters and I visited London on a budget last week.  After an intensive search on internet we booked WEDGEWOOD HOTEL and we are not sorry.   As advertised the location is excellent.  It is about 10 min away from two main underground stations - Bayswater and Queensway.  You just take the right hand side as you go out of the hotel, turn right to Ilchester Gardens and keep walking till you find a church (about 3 roads), then turn into Moscow Street (there is a launderette in the corner) and keep walking straight till you find the main road ( about 3-4 roads) and turn right and in 1 min you are at the first station.  The hotel is close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens (about 15-30 mins walk) and we enjoyed WINTER WONDERLAND, the Christmas market. It is also a bus trip away…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or150-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and value,The hotel is nicely situated a quick walk from not one but two tube stops: Queensway and Bayswater which are on different lines so you have access to either the Central Line or the Circle/District Line. Brilliant! It was clean and comfortably furnished and an excellent value for the money.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or150-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Ignore bad reviews,Met 3 different reception team all were very nice and helpful  You can leave your luggage before check-in and after check out Room-spacious and clean  Clean towels and sheets each day. Bed wasn't great-but for 2 nights is was fine! Room was too hot on arrival and a lovely guy came  straight out. Breakfast is toast jam and cereal. Hotel great location 4mins from Bayswater. I would stay here again. £25 per person per night this was amazing value. I go London every year and have stayed in the expensive hotels(Cumberland and Thistle brand) For me Wedgwood wad great I only shower and sleep and I'm out all day. I was not expecting much from reviews and price and I was happy.  if you want a bed and a base and welcoming faces- go for it,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or150-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",business trip,"I needed somewhere inexpensive to stay for my work with a charity and this ticked the box. I arrived without the credit card I'd booked with, despite the booking stating that I'd need it, and I had no photo ID (never needed this before at a UK hotel) but the receptionist took pity on me & didn't make an issue of it-despite the fact I couldn't remember my own mobile number either! The room was in the basement (never a good sign) and hilariously small, with paint peeling off the walls & no beside light (no bedside table or shelf, for that matter-no room). The bathroom was clean & quite a good size but a 'wet room' style shower which didn't really drain very well so you'd need wellies for half an hour after showering, ideally. The view out of the window was hilariously…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or155-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip,the location was great. Didnt mind the walk to the tube station  the bed was terrible . They definately need to replace these if they want future customers   the bathroom was tiny but stayed at a friends and it was no bigger so that was ok. the breakfast was lousy and needs to be relooked at or removed altogether,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or155-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Backache on Leinster Square,"This is undoubtedly one of the worst hotels I ever stayed at.  And because I had a nonrefundable reservation, I had to stay there for the full eight days. I was enticed to stay there with a 2 and a half star rating from Expedia, which should have been only a half star instead.  Rooms in London are notoriously small, but this was downright tiny. I spent four of the nights in a single room, which was (not counting the tiny too-small-to-successfully-shower-in bathroom and the small closet) no more than 32 square feet.  The cot (there are no actual beds in the hotel) had a sagging mattress that looked like it came with the original Victorian building, with its springs pushing up and a gaping hole on the side.  After being told that all their mattresses were like that, I finally…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or155-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Depressing, lack of customer service, attention to detail","Stayed in a twin room here recently. Arrived later than planned and night receptionist was friendly and check-in was speedy.   Took lift up to fourth floor room. Lift feels like a death trap, probably doesn't have much life left in it! Funny smell to the room and the twin beds were like camp beds. For the tea and coffee there was powdered milk. No excuse for that these days.  Bathroom ok if a little claustrophobic.   Requested a late check-out but was told by rude morning receptionist this was not possible, even for just half an hour.   This hotel is in drastic need of modernising. It relies too heavily on its good location.  Would not stay again",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or155-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Average Everything,"This friendly hotel is situated very well near Bayswater tube station. The hotel itself is clean, the room was adequate but, as we booked a ""Double"" and ended up with a ""Twin"" we are not sure the hotel know the difference. Breakfast was different - with a choice of 2 cereals and brown or white bread, toasted or not - could have been much better. Price was correct for the standard of the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or155-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Cockroach hell!,"When we for the first time opened our rooms door a big and nasty cockaroach almost run over my feet! I indisted to changhe the room but the hotel was ""full booked"". After a while we got a new room (It was not possible to get our money back). The next day after a terrible night a smaller bug/cockaroach where lost in the room where breakfast is served (!!!!! Bad breakfast, only bread and some marmelade, terrible coffee and over all unhygenic). Never again!! I would not recomment this to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or160-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Low budget good choice!,"I really don't understand how someone can expect a 5 star hotel paying a 2 or 3 star hotel fee. We stayed here (me, my wife and my daughter), and we have absolute nothing to complain about this place. The reception hall was clean and so did the room and bathroom, no smell, new and clean towels and beds, friendly and helpful staffs.  If you are looking for a decent and affordable place to stay in London, this place is a strong contender.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or160-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not Bad,I know the reviews are awful. I found the Hotel good if know what to expect in the price you pay. The rooms were extremely clean and so were the bathrooms. The toiletries were reasonable good. Overall I would give the Hotel more than passing marks as some of it inconveniences were more than made up by it location. The staff was extremely helpful and polite. We were received well ad the receptionist reached us to our room. The rooms are small but functional. The TV remote you have ask the desk and electric iron was in some and untraceable. The WiFi never functioned and no one was bothered about it. The breakfast - we gave a miss it was no good. Overall a nice place.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or160-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as we expected after reading the reviews!,"After reading the reviews, we we're regretting having made our booking for three nights. However, we were very surprised, we were welcomed by a very friendly receptionist. Yes the lift is small and takes time. The carpet is worn on the stairs and the breakfast is basic, however our room was very clean, the linen was very clean and the shower room was positively sparkling! We had three good nights sleep on comfy mattresses! The towels were changed daily, the beds were made up and the bathroom cleaned daily also. Yes the room was small, but certainly adequate! Can we also add that on one of the days we were there, there was a delivery of new mattresses! We would certainly go back.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or160-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",only for the extreme budget conscious,"Several emails to let them know we would be arriving late went unanswered. The location was ok, but a bit sketchy. The room was fairly clean and small, which I had expected for the cost, but the bed was very uncomfortable, no remote for the tv and the wifi was not at all reliable. Breakfast was terrible. We went out to eat our second day there.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or160-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful! Do not stay!!,"On arrival to the hotel we were rudely met by a less than friendly receptionist who didn't say more than 2 words to us and apparently didn't know how to smile! We then went to the room which is basic, unclean and the bathroom is a converted cupboard, TV with no remote, no signal a window that doesn't lock and dirty bed sheets.. After a few hours we received a phone call from what I can only assume was the manager being extremely aggressive, telling me that we are not to have guests in the room otherwise he will call the police! Baring in mind we hadn't had any guests. The carpets on the stairs are dangerous I tripped over them numerous times due to them Lifting and the elevator is not safe. On the day of our departure a member of staff came to our room at 10.30am (check out is…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or165-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Truly terrible, avoid at all cost.","If you wish to simulate a prison stay this hotel is ideal. The ""bathroom"" is actually a converted cupboard with an awful shower, there are no double beds at all, the breakfast is meagre beyond belief and you need to rent the TV remote control. The staff were abrasive but I actually felt quite sorry for them having to work in such a dreadful place.  The location is very good.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or165-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",run down hopeless hotel,"The only good thing about this hotel is the location. They have no real beds. The cots have the shape of a spoon and you can feel each and every old spring on your ribs. The showers are the size of a telephone booth (I'm not joking) and there's a tiny string of water coming out so showering is quite a challenge. Toilets are so close to the wall you have to sit sideways!. The people at the desk barely speak English and are definitely more interested on their facebook account than on being any help whatsoever. They failed to mention there was an elevator so the elderly couple before us had to carry their luggage downstairs (the stairs are narrow and steep) and so did we of course. The continental breakfast is toast, jam and coffee, we didn't even try it, it smells so bad in the…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or165-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Decent place; was expecting far worse,"First off I have stayed in some dodgy hotels in London in the same area and I was fully prepared to face a tiny room with an even smaller cubicle of a bathroom. So I was pleasantly surprised when the room I got was bigger than expected. To be fair, I was lucky and got upgraded from a single to a double. Also the room looked to have undergone a recent renovation so no complaints there.  Breakfast was basic; just cereal, toast, orange juice and coffee and tea.   The main reason why I chose this hotel was for the location and it's located in a quiet street in the Bayswater area; of which almost all the properties in that area have been converted into similar type hotels. It's a 5-10 minute walk to the Bayswater station.  I interacted with two receptionists while I was there; both…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or165-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",wedgewood ok for short stay,Wedgewood hotel is neat and clean but rooms are small. Ok for a weekend getaway but no more. Breakfast is just cereal and toast. Again ok for a couple of days. Its in a quiet area 5 min from Bayswater station or 8-10 from Queensway. Nice and clean but basic for short stay but at 80 odd pound a night should have a larger continental breakfast selection.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or165-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for one night!,"First of all this hotel is located in Bayswater next to Kensington Gardens and in walking distance to most of the sights like Hyde Park or Speakers Corner. But the hotel itself is a middle-class London hotel. Bathroom is extremely small, it is kind of dirty and the breakfast is very poor. After I stayed there for one week I had fleabites all over my body. It probably does not always happen in this hotel but I was a bit shocked when I happened to me.   All in all, the location is great but the rates are too high for this poor London hotel!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or170-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid it!,"The hotel isn't clean and the beds are awful. You can feel the springs!!! The staff look rough and can be quite rude.  I've asked if she knew how to go to clapham junction from the hotel and she said ""I'm not sure"" without even checking on the map I had in front of her.  I'm not fussy with hotels at all but I do not recommend this one. ",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or170-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",not bad,room small bed uncomfortable pretty clean can get better for the cash we paid make sure u dont leave any valueables in room as we got the rong room key and enterd there room and we told recption and thay did not care,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or170-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not the place for a special occasion!,"Booked this hotel as me and a mate were off to London and wanted a well located hotel that was cheap and cheerful. Well, there wasn't a lot of cheerfulness and a watch I bought at Camden Market wasn't as cheap as this run down hovel!! There were a few good points - the linen and towels were clean, as was the bathroom and the receptionists were polite and helpful, but that's where the compliments end. The room I booked was a double but I doubt the bed (which had seen some action) would have been wide enough for a couple of size zero models to share. The bathroom was, as an estate agent might describe, compact and bijoux - so compact, in fact, that I cracked my head on the facing wall when I arose from my ceramic throne! The ceiling was covered in flaking paint and half the lights…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or170-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",OMG avoid !!!!,"Well, I've been to some dumps in my time but this is the cherry !!! Filthy rooms, paper thin walls and the so called continental breakfast is toast and jam, that's it !!! My advice would be sleep on a park bench, it will be a more pleasant stay. ",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or170-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great hotel","The room was very clean and comfortable. Attentive staff. Location very good: easy access to buses and the underground (max 3 minutes walk), access to museums through Hyde Park, 15 minute walk. Good variety of restaurants and bars close by as well. Smooth check in and check out, free WiFi log in. Hope to stay again.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or175-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting staff members and hotel,"I stayed in this hotel and found it to be the most disgusting hotel I've ever been to. Upon settling into bed, pulling back the sheets me and my partner found an insect crawling around on the sheets, disgusting stains and hair on the bed. After two members of staff saw the hair, stains and insect on the bed, we asked for a refund so that we could go elsewhere. Both members of staff denied seeing anything  on the bed and refused to give us a refund. Along with being rude to us, shouting at us and talking to each other in another language in front of our faces. They would not contact the manager to authorize a refund and asked us to come back the next day. We have on several occasions contacted management to get our money back and are yet waiting a reply. This hotel and is staff…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or175-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Fair value for money,"I stayed for two nights in a twin room. It was extremely basic but it was warm and clean and I slept well both nights. I would stay again, as a 'pit stop'. This is probably not a hotel for a comfy leisurely break. We did not have breakfast the second day because there was nothing tempting to eat or drink. However, if we had been starving we could have filled our stomachs.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or175-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel was in a great location and very easy to find from both Queensway and Bayswater stations, only about a 5 minute walk. Outer appearance of the hotel is a bit shabby but once inside it is very pleasant. While the staff were not particularly friendly or smiley, their service was efficient and helpful. Do not take the escalator, walk instead, it is tiny and makes rather unsettling noises. The hallways could do with a bit of a clean but the rooms are good, basic but good. The beds are not particularly comfy but were suitable for the one night that I stayed here. The hotel is budget friendly and you get what you pay for. If I needed to stay in the city overnight again, I would stay here.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or175-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"I stayed here for 1 night and the room was very comfortable. It was clean, quiet and was great value for money. The rooms are a little cosy, but you don't need a massive ammount of space. The wardrobe is a decent size, and the bathroom was good.  The location is very good. It's in a quiet street, within walking distance to portobello Road, Paddington train station, and a few tube stations: Lancaster Gate, Queensway and Bayswater. There is a shopping centre close by, and the high street with heaps of restaurants is just around the corner. There is door to door airport transfers if you need it, that can be organised at reception.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or175-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking experience on humanity grounds.,"We had recently been given a present by my family as a gift, a two night stay at this hotel for myself and my wife to have a well deserved break. Unfortuantly we were unable to attend as shortly before we left to travel to this hotel my brother in law, who has cancer was diagnosed with secondry cancer of the bones and two days before we were to stay at this hotel he suddenly became paralysed. As my wife is his next of kin and only carer we could not leave him so my son telephoned the hotel in an attempt to postpone our stay until a later date, he was told that he would have to wait until the following Monday to speak to the manager which he did and had a more than negative response from the manager. I then telephoned the manager myself and was met with a disgusting and vile…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or180-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Plain and Simple but good value.,"Got this hotel room for a very good price. We were staying in London for a week and had a lot of events to attend and sights to see so we wanted to save money on the hotel room. The women working at the reception were kind and helpful. The sheets were clean, bathroom was clean. Felt like a very safe area, 5-10 minute walk to Baywater underground station, grocery store, pharmacy and restaurants bear by. If you are in London to sight see like we were and only need a room for a few hours every night. It is fine. If you are going to spend the whole day in your hotel room. You'll probably want something else.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or180-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",good for price,"stayed at the Wedgewood in December whilst on business in London. Got a really cheap deal on Laterooms - circa £35 for a single room. Great location just a short walk from Bayswater and Queensway underground stations. Upon arrival I was upgraded to a twin room which was of a good size. Room was clean and there was a decent sized bathroom which looked newly decorated. On the down side, the furniture in the room was in need of replacement - especially the beds which sagged badly and should have been put on the skip many years ago. The breakfast room was clean and a continental breakfast provided which was fine. All in all, a good stay for the price, although I would not have wanted to have paid too much more for what I got. If the beds and mattresses are replaced I would consider…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or180-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job..:),"Stayed here for two days while visiting london..10 mins walk away from queensway station, dont go to bayswater station get off at queensway.Hotel was fine, Our room was small but everything we needed was there..Beds a little uncomfortable, they were only fold up beds..But did the job.Would stay here again if visiting london for short break..free wifi, tea and coffee in rooms..Nice and warm to..:)",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or180-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Booked this hotel through Booking.com. Read revues that are massively misleading. Viewed photos on the hotel web site, and they say a camera never lies!  Arrived at 6pm with a drop off of luggage as we were on way to the O2 for a music concert. We were given room 53, which was downstairs, in the basement, next to the kitchen and directly opposite the dining room. If you look at the hotel web site photo front of house, this room is the basement window to the left as you look! Stairs carpet was filthy, with pealing wallpaper and chipped paintwork throughout the basement.  The room had no carpet, just a tiled floor. The window had security 'grill' which prevented opening the window; it was incredibly hot. This room actually contained a double and single bed. The double looked like…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or180-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Needs improvement,"Helpful and kind staff,always willing to assist (also in italian language). They can call a taxi anytime (and tell you the price in advance) or arrange your transfer back to the airport with a Shuttle service (surcharge). Great Location. Close to Bayswater/Queensway underground station. Free W-Fi and safe inside the room. Nice hotel, especially if you are on a budget (London is an expensive city...)  Breakfast is very basic. only orange juice, toasts, milk, coffe, butter, jam and cereals are provided. Small bed and small room with squeaky floors. Walls are poorly soundproofed. The kettle was not working; I also found old water still inside. Wi-fi signal was often very low. The hotel needs renovation.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or185-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Very good budget hotel, would stay there again","I suppose it is all about what one expects but some negative reviews of Wedgewood Hotel are in my opinion slightly unjust. Just like previous reviewer I was also worried about stay at this hotel but our 3 night stay was a pleasant experience. Location is very good for shopping and sightseeing, close to the tube and buses, minutes away from city centre. Room we stayed in (412) was of clean and comfortable enough for us: bathroom, TV set (£10 refundable deposit has to be paid for remote control at the reception), hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities, towel provided - more then we expected. Ladies at the reception were helpful and polite. And you get continental breakfast in the morning: tea/coffee, toasts, cornflakes, jam and orange juice. All in all : apart from outdated…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or185-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Would Recommend,"Decided to go to London with a friend for a few days midweek. Booked the Wedgewood on the advice of a travel agent. On reading the reviews on this, I was more than a little worried. However, I can barely fault this hotel at all. The reception staff were extremely helpful in every way as we had no idea where we were going! They printed maps and ordered tickets for us to help us along, were friendly and welcoming. Our room was perfect too. Towels provided, comfortable beds, clean and warm. For a low budget trip, absolutely perfect! Couldn't beat location either being just a short walk from the underground and a number of different bus routes!  This hotel is rated as a 2 and a half star hotel and thus must be judged on this. You get what you pay for. Buckingham Palace wasn't in our…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or185-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Prepaid room sold to someone else,"I had a reservation fully prepaid with a credit card. When I tried to check in, hotel staff told me that ""there was a leak"" in my room.  They sent me to their sister property in a dumpy neighborhood.  It became obvious that they regularly overbook and treat customers like this.  Not a trustworthy establishment.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or185-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!,"This is by far the nastiest hotel we have stayed in. Not to mention the room was smaller than a closet. The floors seemed to creek to the point of wondering if they were going to cave in. Our bed was a layer of covered springs and the frame so bent that on the second night we put the mattress on the floor, which was filthy. There was no room to seat everyone for breakfast. Room temperature juice, cold coffee, and a toaster that seemed to burn toast. (??) The elevater was a one person, two bag nook giving you a joilt on landing. It's carpeting looked as if it had seen ten years of DOG. We asked for better accomidations, they were not interested. We left the hotel for another one, after retrieving our luggage  from the basement closet they called a ""locker"" no lift for this. The…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or185-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",I'm not saying I wouldn't go back,"I would go back if I needed a cheap bed for the night and didn't fancy a hostel, as it was clean enough and in a good location. This place is pretty cheap and you get what you pay for. I have to be honest though, I'm not really fussy, but there were a few things that were a bit rubbish.   We did struggle with the size of the room. At first I didn't care as I was expecting it to be small, but after we'd been in it for a while we were tripping over each other a bit!   Not bothered that the bathroom was small but the shower was a bit awkward. It was hard to get the temperature right and the shower head spurted water in lots of different directions!  Round the window was mucky and it couldn't be opened as it had locked bars. Glad it wasn't too warm.   The bed and pillows were quite…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or190-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Welcome to HELL!,"Absolutely shocking hotel.... First things first, do a google street view of the place. Our issue A blocked pipe in the system caused 50ltrs of sewage to come up through the shower and fill our room totally ruining our cloths and personal items. We demanded to speak with a manager and was met by staff being highly evasive, one in particular Voilet Radu.  We requested to speak with a manager regarding this situation and time after time we were declined.. Being carnival weekend, our clothes were runiend and we missed the majority of the day, great!!  The situation was rectified in the end after a lot of hassle and trying to explain to a Lithuanian receptionist the customer rights act and how they were liable.   Anyway - We ended up in a new room, which was boiling hot, a wardrobe…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or190-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Bad hotel,"We went into a family trip, the room we had it was very warm, too noisy, the beds were terrible, and the person who fold the beds sheets, didn't knew how to do that. We had a room in the basement, although we had a window, we couldn't have fresh air. The reception woman in the morning looks like always were angry. We arrived at 1:30 pm, and she didn't want to give us the room until 2 pm. ",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or190-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a scam,"Many other reviews mention the budget rate, but I'm not sure what they're talking about. We were charged over $900 US total--about £140 a night--for a double. First, there was fine print in the booking so that they had the option to give you two twin beds even though your booking was for a double; my girlfriend and I were expected to each take our own twin. Second, the beds were essentially cots on rolling castors, about the quality of what you get in a stay in an airport terminal. Third, the booking at hotels.com mentioned laundry facilities, which meant there was a pay laundry three streets over. Everything everyone said about the lift (only fits two people with stacked bags), the wifi (spotty), and the room size (tiny) is accurate. We asked for better accommodations. They…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or190-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,"After reading all the reviews here and on other sites, I was a little worried as to what I would find here. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The room was a decent size and bed comfortable and clean. The bathroom was quite small, but perfectly fine for one person. I may have had more trouble in there than most, however, being a large woman. The receptionists were very helpful when I spoke to them. All in all, I got what I paid for- a clean, comfortable place to sleep. Also, the location was great!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or190-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",average hotel,"We spent a weekend and did not get impressed...the location was ok, that part of the city is quite and close also to nice restaurants. However the staff at the reception was a bit rude and the room itself very tiny. The bathroom was even smaller. At night we could easily hear noises from other rooms which of course we did not appreciate. We will certainly come back to London but of course we will go for another hotel.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or195-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, that's about it","Staff: We encountered some very nice staff that were very helpful. However on the last day when we were leaving, we rushed back and were told our taxi to the airport had left without us. The receptionist actually didn't even tell us when she saw us!We had to ask her if she had seen any taxi. We were panicking but the receptionist, a lady with short blonde hair, told us with a straight face, you didn't come in time, the taxi has left. We were panicking and she just continued looking at her computer. I asked her what other options there were as i had a plane to catch in 3hours. She just looked at me and said well you can take the train and it is going to take you 2 hours or you can go get a cab. While she was saying this, I asked twice can you help me to book a cab. Finally she…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or195-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Do NOT stay here,"I was touring London in May for 4 days with my family. I had booked a Quad room. As we checked-in they allotted us a room on 2nd floor (Room No. 202). The bathroom door had a big one inch gap where the hinges are placed. One good see through the bathroom very clearly. The carpet was bad. I took this up with the lady at the reception. They gave me another quad room in the basement. Although the door was of the bathroom was okay the room was below average. This is a very old building, more than 100 years old. Maintenance is not good. The lift is so small that one could fit in couple of small bags and may be one person can fit. The breakfast consists of bread and jam, no fruits, no cakes. Although they have free Wi-Fi the connectivity was erratic and their wi-fi was completely down…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or195-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",sting in the tail,i like this hotel and have stayed there a few times however a month after my last stay my credit card was used by a member of staff to the tune of £166 i would not use this hotel again the manager just fobbed me off  saying i must have booked it for someone else.. do not stay at this hotel,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or195-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Not bad value, but horrible breakfast!","We think it is a good value for money as the hotel is in the city center, but would definitely not recommend to buy breakfast! It was only  5£ but there was nothing else but bread, jam and cheapest cereal. No cheese or ham, nothing. One of the receptionist was very nice and welcoming (looks like Spanish, dark hair) and the guy at night was nice too, but staff at breakfast didin't say good morning or anything like that.  The room itself was really poor but had a shower and a sink in the cupboard :) Bathroom was quite nice and clean.  We don't regret going there but probably will not come back again.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or195-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely AWFUL!,"If you're looking for a hotel with BAD rooms whereby you can hear every person walking around the place; want rude staff who start showing anger at you for requesting a refund because your room doesn't have ANY running water, and get equally obnoxious when you ask about why it's not working and all you get is ""It happens sometimes.""; or if you like cheap cereal and toast for breakfast; then sure, come stay here!    This was the WORST HOTEL my wife has EVER stayed in, and we stay in a lot of hotels due to our jobs and frequent traveling!  I would NEVER recommend this hotel even to a homeless person!! Even the cleaning staff tried to tell her that all the hotels in the area are the same.   Thankfully she found another hotel really quickly nearby which is way better!",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or200-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great value!,"This hotel was cheap, very clean, staf were friendly and in a great location. The room we had was slightly small but was still very good ! Highly recommend! Definitely go back there! Was not too far from underground tube station, like a 10 min walk so was great to get around city easily!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or200-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Manageable, not enjoyable","If you just need a place to crash, and aren't picky about space, comfort, cleanliness, helpful staff, or a free breakfast, this hotel will suit you fine.  But if you're on vacation, splurge an extra few bucks to actually get some relaxation in.  The staff barely spoke English, was not familiar enough with the area to give us directions or dining suggestions, and was overall, not helpful in the least.  The receptionist even argued with me about putting a stamped postcard in their mail. The ""free continental breakfast"" is toast, and some kind of liquid they claimed to be tea.  That's it.  The mattresses were thin, hard, with springs literally sticking out of them.  The sheets were dirty.  I found a hairball in my freshly made bed on our last night.  The floors were filthy, and…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or200-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","However cheap, DO NOT stay there!","The only good thing one can say about this hotel is the location. It is close to restaurants and tube. The staff is friendly...but more friendly in a way to avoid complaints. They will sit behind the reception counter, hear what you have to say, write something down and NOT do anything about it. For example: I was given a single room in the basement. At 6 AM the staff was hovering in front of my door, hitting the door and wall in the hall quite hard. If I hovered like that at home, there wouldn't be anything left unbroken. Late in the evening there were guests who had forgotten they were in a hotel and made such a noise. I asked the staff to hang a sign on the wall like they do in other hotels, but they didn't do a thing. I stayed for 5 nights and I didn't sleep 1 night. I was…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or200-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but dingy,"My room was literally the size of a broom closet. Reception very unhelpful. Lift very slow & old. Struggled to find the hotel in the first place.  Bed small, sunken in and hard. Blanket looked like a dog blanket & I was there in winter so I was very cold.  On the upside the bathroom was clean & the water was warm, although I barely fit into it despite being a small woman .  Curtains couldn't close & the street and adjoining rooms were noisy at night.  Only go here if you literally want a bed to sleep in.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or200-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but just about,"I've just returned from a 3 night stay with 2 friends, the reasons we went for this hotel being the price and the fact that the 3 of us could share a room.  On the plus side our room and the hotel were clean, it was conveniently close to the tube (Bayswater and Queensway were close by) & local facilities, the area was quiet and we were within walking distance of Kensington Park which allowed us to pass the time until we could check in.  However in reality our 'triple' room was just a twin room with an extra bed shoved in it and to be honest there wasn't the spare room for it.  If two of us had been sharing the twin room then I think we'd have been pushed for space but with the third bed it was just too cramped.  Two beds were almost on top of each other and left no space for…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or205-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Hmm,"My partner and I booked this hotel purely based on price and general location. It cost us £105 for 3 nights booking really late,  was very good (though if we had chosen to stay another night it would have been over £100 per night). We werent expecting too much for the price but would not have paid more. There are many similar hotels around the area so its a bit of a nightmare to find.  Checking in took aaaaaaaaages and the staff just passed stuff over for me to sign without any words possibly she did not speak much english yet managed to be nattering on the hotel business phone to friends a lot of the time.  The room itself was quite small and compact with not much space but it was adequate for our stay. Although it looked like some effort had been made to make it look nice it…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or205-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Unflexible and uncaring,"I recently booked a trip for me and my family to do some sightseeing in London.  Due to unforseeable circumstances, however, I was unable to keep to the committed date of the 26th of April.  I knew that this was a good price received for the room, booked in early February 2013, and I was also aware that there was  no cancellation on this room.  BUT, I did not wish to cancel, merely change dates for the visit to a later date.  Fully understanding of the fact that I may need to pay more and could not, necessarily expect the same price.  All of which I full accepted.  When enquiring to the change of date, simple response from them was NO.  Not terribly sorry, but no, simply NO and that was that.  Needless to say with that attitude I expect it would not have been very nice anyway…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or205-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Unfit for human habitation!,"Never in my life have I experienced a hotel as bad as this, it is a doss house! There were three of us (All Adults) expected to sleep in a broom cupboard. There was no bedside table, so we had to use a dirty upturned wastepaper bin to put our bottle water on!! No headboards,so we would have to put our heads against a filthy wall! The carpets were filthy, and worn. The lights over the bed not working. A recess in the wall with one hanger each to hang clothes. The room was hot and stuffy, but could not open the window as it had locked gates on it! To boil the kettle you had to unplug the telly. The wires from the telly needed the attention of an electrian. The wardrobe had been adapted to accomodate the shower and toilet ( no need to tell about the size then)  The beds were a…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or205-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Funny place,Stay there only if you have good sense of humor. Everything about that hotel was so bad that we were laughing everytime we entered in our room))we choose it just for price but in fact we found later better hotel which cost the same. ,Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or205-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"As recent as last week 3rd january 2013 I've been travelling for some 20years staying in varying styles of accommodation, this hotel wins all awards(not)!!! Bad attitude at the reception, rooms are small( this I can handle) but dirty and nothing works. Phone in room but doesn't work, tv has no remote, shower ( you could p--- faster) and temp goes from hot! To cold for no apparent reason. Avoid this joint if you want to keep your family intact",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or210-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel in a good area,"Month ago we stayed at the hotel. First experience was terrible. It was probably the smallest hotel room in the world. We could barely open luggage - it is not joke. Beds evoke military bed, filthy carpet, scratched furniture...really disgusting.  I wanted to move to another room and receptionist satisfied. The next room looked like better. It was little bit bigger and cleaner, but tv doesn't work.  Breakfast was very poor. Every day toast and jam + coffee and tea...  For that price I would have much more better room and service in other countries...",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or210-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible - Dirty - Crap Breakfast,"I stayed in this hotel one week ago. Hotel is about 10-12 minutes walk from underground station.  As pictures show, the street view is very nice. You enter, the reception is ok. The receptionist....well that depends. One lady (I think she is indian, or oriental) that works in the afternoon has been very unpleasant, defiant, and arrogant, another one instead, that works in the morning, has been very nice.  The real disaster arrives with the room. 4 square meters (2x2) - (45 sq. ft) for a double room !!! The fitted carpet, once light brown, is so dirty!!!, the furniture old and scratched, the bed (very small for 2 people) very uncomfortable. The bathroom is so tiny that one can barely move, the door misses the internal handle and has a magnetic door stop, but one cannot even close…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or210-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for - sometimes even more!,"I booked a single en-suite bedroom for 25 GBP (there was some special offer), however got an upgrade and got a room with one double bed and a single one. The room was in the basement and right in front of the breakfast room, so it was quite noisy since 6a.m. However, the room was spacious and clean, thus no complaints. Yes, it needs some refurbishments, beds are not really comfy but honestly what can you expect for a price like that in central London?   I recommend this hotel for a short stay that doesn't involve being in a room for too much. Notting Hill is close by and so is tube station. Nice area!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or210-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",awful-awful-awful....,"1 word- HORRIBLE.  I read the good and bad reviews before going to this hotel and thought id give it a shot-some people can be fussy.. i stayed for 2 nights(only this week) and wished i'd not bothered.  The bad reports are spot-on.  Rude receptionist-after paying the £10 deposit for my TV remotes, found out that with the free view box they had in the room, i had no signal on any channel-asked at reception for some help with this and got the reply ""the maintenance man isn't here, tomorrow.."" and the same again the following day.  So i had no TV for the entire stay and the receptionist really didn't seem to care or offer any help.  The room was very basic and old fashioned.  Everything creaked-doors, floorboards, beds.  Others guests doors creaked loudly which woke me up a few…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or210-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","If you like cots, go for it","I understand the norm for Europe, and London in particular is small rooms.  Our room was reserved for 4.  They had us set up with 4 cots, thin mattress on springs.  Very uncomfortable.  Not enough space in the room to lay luggage on the floor.  Rooms were dirty and very outdated.  Musty odor throughout the building.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or215-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!!,Really bad service really bad room and bed !!! Do not stay here !!! We have now stayed on a few budget hotels in London and this was the pits compared to any other !! The lady at reception was no help and argued with us bad breakfast dirty room and alotho we expected small this was a broom cupboard ! After traviling the world on a budget this was the worst room yet!!! ,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or215-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not as advertised,"We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel for 4 of us to share for 2 nights. We found the Wedgwood hotel after looking on travel sites and there was a 4 bed room advertised. When we arrived the receptionist seemed more interested in continuing her personal phone call than attending to us. Upon entering our 'quad' room, we discovered 2 beds which we supposedly doubles but were tiny. None of us were couples and luckily one of our party could no longer attend but the room was not what we had paid for. We complained to the reception again who seemed less than interested and assumed us it was a quad room. I told her the advertised room had 4 single beds and that's what we had paid for but she was adament they had no such rooms and no rooms had 4 single beds. We went back to the…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or215-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague ! ! !,"Just spent 3 nights here, work 2 adults and 2 children first impression when we walked throught the door was how dirty and in need of decorating, the room is serious need of an update , we stayed in room number 1 , which is on the ground floor at the back, we paid 279, English pounds, which should have provided a much higher standard of room, I don't care about other reviews or peoples views that you get what you pay for, we could have stayed in a travelodge or similar for a much higher standard and 279 pound is a lot of money regardless of what city you stay in, In the room are  two double beds, a tv that you had to pay a ten pound deposit to obtain the remote control, a kettle that you struggle to put water in as it doesn't fit under the tap correctly,  I have stayed in hotels…",None,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or215-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Well, at least the location's good...","Everything as miniature in this hotel; the room, the bathroom, the beds, the corridors... which is sometimes quite normal for London and can be (kind of) excused. What bothered me most with this place is:  1. Not the cleanest  2. Beds SUPER uncomfortable (more like springs with a bed sheet than any real mattress) 3. Horrible breakfast - paper/toast, butter, one type of jam, soluble coffee, NO tea... :o/  On the bright side it's on a quiet street and the location's good as it's in walking distance (5-10 mins) from Hyde Park/Notting Hill.  Do I recommend? No, I have definitely stayed in better places in London where you really get value for your money.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or215-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel!,"The room was pretty small but very clean and cosey and the location great!! The breakfast didn't offer plenty of choice (cornflakes, toast, jam, orange juice, milk, coffee and tea) but it was good all in all. The hotel is perfect for a few days in London and",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or220-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Typical no-frills London hotel,"We got a room at the basement, it's colder down there and only had a small window. It's quite roomy and clean, with basic facilities such as coffee-maker and a safe.   The buffet breakfast was minimal but filling- with toasts, cornflakes, orange juice and tea.   It's abt 5-min walk from Bayswater station. Not a bad location.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or220-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the money,"I stayed for a couple of nights at this place and I can say this:  * the location is great, pretty close to Hyde Park and a couple of tube stations that can take you to the city centre in a short time * my room and bathroom were pretty fine and I think were pretty good for the money and location * friendly staff at the reception * the only bad thing was the noises the floors make in the hallway, I was afraid of not waking anyone up late at night; also the elevator was small and dirty  I guess this can depend on your luck, I felt I was pretty lucky with my room and my experience.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or220-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but you get what you pay for.,"This hotel is very, very basic but its prices reflect this. London is an expensive city to stay. The room we had was a double on the third floor reached by a tiny lift which could not take us and our luggage (2 backpacks) at the same time. Reception was very unhelpful and more interested in her Facebook game than helping check-in. TV worked but you required a 10 pound deposit for the remote.  The beds in the room were shoved against the walls with a tiny space in between for luggage and entry to bed. Heating worked well and the bathroom, although entry was through a door raised about 6 inches from the floor was serviceable but tiny. Hot water was plentiful and the room was serviced daily.  Wifi was excellent , I suppose it needed to be for the aforementioned Facebook gaming.…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or220-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",shocker!,"This place was a dive folks.. rude girl at front counter not at all helpfull. (there was another guy behind the counter who was nice) The bed was just terrible - not able to sleep on it. no fridge, no air con, expensive for the room quality, central location but a bit of a dodgy area. just look around and you will find better for similar money in a nicer part of london.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or220-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Nasty!!!!!!,"Stay away from this hotel! This is the most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed with. It's filthy, the rooms have a disgusting stench, toilets never flush all the way, the shower curtains are moldy, and the breakfast dishes had hair in them. The cleaning staff was unaccommodating and would not provide an extra bath towel. Later, in my stay I discovered the cleaning lady had been taking our dirty towels that had been left on the bathroom floor and folding them up as if they were new for us to re-use.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or225-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",not good,"single room was very small, z bed to sleep on room was dusty, breakfast i had to stand up and eat a bit of toast, no room to sit down . will never use this hotel again . only good side was fab location .how booking .com can have this hotel on there site il never know , should be under hostel for the homeless",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or225-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in.,"Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in. disgusting single room, with 2 beds that they advertised as 'quadruple room'. Smelly dump. only plus was a good location. The bed is a fold out iron frame with springs.. worst sleep of my life. Do not stay here if you want to enjoy your trip. What a dump.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or225-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but VFM!,"Very basic with compact rooms but for me as a single traveller the bed sheets were clean, there was hot water, the room was quiet and as a bonus there was free wi-fi! Depends on your reason to visit but if you are just looking for a safe place to stay with the basics in place then you should definitely consider this hotel as a viable option. ",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or225-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Never stay here, avoid it like the plague. I would be embarrassed if I owned this hotel it is a disgrace.","Worst hotel in the world, I work in London Monday to Friday And so require hotel accommodation we finished work late so decided to stay here as it was one of the only places left, we arrived to find the hotel in a good touristy area so we assumed it would have to be up to a certain standard but how wrong we were it was disgusting if I could give one piece of advice in my life it would be to never stay here. There are stains everywhere even in unimaginable places  the bathroom is in a cupboard hidden in the corner. ",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or225-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel From Sheer Hell.,"NEVER AGAIN will i stay in this awful horrible hell hole. the reasons follow: 1) Previous reviews state its cheap, and you get what you pay for, fact is, its not that cheap and if you shop around you can find far better accomodation for not much more money. 2) Previous reviews state that the reception staff arent friendly. Thats not true, they are damn rite rude, unhelpfull and quite frankly need to be fired.  3) Previous reviews state the rooms are filthy, thats not true, they are a disgrace, dusty, smelly and beds thats fold up. 4) Previous reviews state the breakfast was just toast and jam, thats not true, they supply stale bread  and jam, 5) Previous reviews state the windows were dirty, thats not true, they are wafer thin, and had a fashionable tint to them caused by dirt.…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or230-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Experience!!,"This hotel is scamming people. The pictures and write-up are misleading as the rooms are in poor condition with unsatisfactory linens even by youth hostile standards. I was significantly overcharged for my room at L175 pounds per night for a filthy room with old worn out bedding where the room window was left open to a puddle of water filled with cigarette butts. Not only that, the hotel did not advertise that they are currently under construction. The construction was going on right next to my room, which I recorded with my phone as it sounded like they were coming through the wall. When I complained, management said they would be done in 3 hours. I left the room never having checked in and was charged L225 pounds for a cancellation. I went around the corner and found a hotel…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or230-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",worst night sleep,"the hotel is you get what you pay for. there is 1 lift which is very small only 4 people (thin) can fit in it. our room was very basic and for the money we paid we did not mind that it was basic we was right next to lift but could not really hear it but we could hear the doors opening and closing. at night time we could hear what i think was  the water tank filling up everytime someone used the water so this kept us awake most of the night, as well as the fan from the downstairs room. on the second day we got up for a shower and the water pressure was low and not much hot water and on our last day we had a drip of a shower. After ourfirst night we went out for the day and left quiet a bit of change on the side and when we came back house cleaning had been and the money had gone.…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or230-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",A true average but absolutely not bad!,"I stayed there for a week. If you want true quality at average price – this is right choice. First you could benefit from convenient location – 15 min work from Paddington, 5 min to Bayswater metro station (central line), up 10 min to Kensington gardens. Even more there is a bus N23 that takes you directly to Oxford street and St. Pall.   The room is small but acceptably clean. Breakfast is rather poor but you could bring some more with you. Very noisy at the weekends",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or230-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly good,"The location of the hotel is great, just a few minutes from Bayswater ""central"". It's a small hotel, and it might look a bit dodgy when entering. Our room was in the basement, right opposite of the Breakfast Room. Although the hallway looked a bit run-down, the room was truly a surprise! It looked new and clean. A few cracked floorboards, but it didn't bother us. It was a bit stuffed when we first entered, but we just turned on the bathroom-fan and the air was clear in a couple of minutes. Great location, basic room - would recommend for travellers who'd like something cheap and do not plan to spend their vacation in their room.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or230-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad ...not too good,"Staff are efficient but can't be called friendly. I got a twin bedded 4th floor room which measured around 2.5m by 4m, with 3"" beds (900mm). Colour TV with remote, tea and coffee making facilities, with a shower that emits a dribble of water. Room is budget so lots of stains etc and the bed has more lumps than the surface of the moon - this is my third night and yet to sleep good although very quiet street outside. Each floor plank has its own squeak and the  door sounds like something from a gothic horror movie. Breakfast can be eaten from 7am and it is simple fare of cereal, toast, plus tea / coffee. Can be recommended for cheap no frills bed but that's it.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or235-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a Budget!,"For the price we couldn't complain too much, but it wasn't the best by a long way! The bathrooms were dirty and the lift didn't take us to the floor we wanted to be on (4th) the absence of duvets in the room was oddly disturbing as the blankets looked like they came from either a hospital or prison. We didn't have the breakfast as we found a lovely place round the corner. However, the worst part of our stay was the staff! They were unhelpful, and when you asked them anything they seemed like it was an imposition for them to help. This aside for the price we paid it was reasonable.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or235-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let them book your taxi!,"The hotel is just ok. Old, tiny rooms, not so clean (a lot of dust evrywhere). It's ok if your priority is to save money and see the city, as the position is very central. And of course, you get what you pay. An advice: Dont's ask them to book a taxi for you. I did it, and it was a rubbery. First of all, it was not a real taxi (it was a private driver who seemed to knew pretty well the staff of the hotel), and most of all he charged 14 pounds for a very little road (to Baker Street, that we reached in 5 minutes). So, book a taxi  by yourself if you need it. And to the hotel staff, please remove all the dust.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or235-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","good value for money, great location","clean, adequate accommodation. We stayed overnight as a family of grown up children.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or235-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",A very good place to stay compared to the price,"I was staying at the Wegdewood Hotel just a few weeks ago. Once again I was appalled by the bad reviews it had got (but at the same time bearing in mind that those reviews didn't probably hold much ground). Luckily I was correct. The place was completely satisfactory. I stayed there with a high school student group (of 22 people) for five nights. The rooms were tidy (no blood stains in the bed sheets), the bathrooms, albeit being small, were in excellent condition (no hairs). And who cares if the bathroom doors look like wardrobe doors as long as there are bathrooms in the rooms! Service at the reception desk wasn't overly eagerly but polite and prompt nonetheless. The breakfast was definitely of good value (once again compared to the price we were paying). It is irreplaceable…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or235-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Steer clear of this Hotel - it's deplorable ..,"As soon as I saw the outside of this place I knew i had made a mistake.  Upon checking in, they wanted pre payment for all 5 nights at which I refused until seeing the room.  It was a disgrace and I immediately informed them i was staying for one night only.  I was charged for 2 nights anyway and will dispute the charge.  The staff were unfriendly, the room tiny and misrepresented on websites.  I booked through Booking.com and have alerted them to this unfortunate visit.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or240-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",wouldn't stay there again,"Needless to say - the location of this hotel is pretty good. You reach the tube by walking within 5 minutes and you find plenty of shops and restaurants just around the corner. Close to the hotel there's also a bycicle renting station.  However, I wouldn't stay there again even if I could stay for free. The front desk staff was fairly unfriendly (we had to listen to the lady for about 10 minutes talking to her daughter on the phone before we could even check in - and yes, it was the kind of ""how are you, what are you doing"" call).  the beds were OK - apart from the washed in blood remainings on the sheets, the floors could need a more thorough cleaning and the shower didn't seem cleaned at all (say cleaned is at least if there's no hairs of your predecessors anymore). I think…",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or240-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!!!,"Hotel took payment for two nights as I arrived - I should have been warned and asked to see the room before paying.  Room was filthy - bloody finger marks on the wall, filthy windows.  I did not stay but was refused my money back.  Booking.com said the second night would be cancelled.  Hotel now refusing to refund second night and saying that I stayed there, which I did not.  They are also saying that some of the photos I took are not of the room.  They would appear to be both liars and cheats.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or240-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel: tiny room but good location,"We stayed in this hotel over the weekend in peak tourist season; as I said the location is very convenient. We were lucky to get a room in the fourth floor, so the heat was bearable even with no air conditioning, and it was fairly clean. The room was really tiny though, and the bed could not be considered double. The bathroom was so small it looked like a closet, but the shower was ok. There was a TV (that we didn't use) a hair dryer and tea making facilities. A very low profile continental breakfast featuring instant coffee was included and was served in the basement-  as it so often happens - in a room with no air.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or240-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",basic hotel but clean and convenient for London sightseeing,My daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights whilst sightseeing the major attractions. Room very small but compact and comfortable. Two tube stations in close proximity. Our room looked out onto a lovely park. So nice to hear the birds chirping early morning. I would recommend for a short trip at a reasonable price.,Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or240-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy,"Room was beyond filthy, it was unsanitary.  Blankets, sheets foul- stains, hair, etc.  Looked like the set of a po..n shoot.  Staff was belligerent, we saw room, and returned to lobby immediately to tell them we would be leaving, and the desk staff insisted we will be charged for the night anyway. We will be disputing this charge.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or245-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Almost a decent price for a pretty good hotel!,"I actually really enjoyed the Wedgewood as an (almost) reasonable priced, affordable hotel in Central London. The location is great, not too far from the Bayswater Tube and with plenty of shops within a short walk. The hotel is located between two small parklands, so there is even a feeling of space around the place.    Staff were decent – business-like but efficient. They could almost sell tickets to the scary elevator – very small, very old and quite rickety and bouncy! It seems to work fine, but I crossed my fingers every time I got into it, just in case! Well, it’s better than stairs...   The building is quite old, so the floors squeak, and thin walls meant I could hear a little of my neighbours comings and goings, but it was not too bad. The flimsy-looking beds were not as…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or245-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","nice neighbourhood and good service, funny rooms","don´t use the lift.... the best was the wardrobe! open it and u will find the bathroom! silly but clean.  would stay there again for the money we paid! area is great, close to portobello market.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or245-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE AVOID WEDGEWOOD HOTEL!,"This is probably the worst hotel I've stayed in. It deceives guests with an attractive cascade and posh surroundings. We were shocked by the room we are staying in. The blankets are stained and dirty. Upon opening the blankets, fine strands of body hair were all over the sheets. This was really unacceptable for what we were paying for. The furnitures are those you see in hostels, to be honest, I've seen hostels with better furnitures than this so called hotel. Needless to say, the toilet is self explanatory. To any potential guests, PLEASE AVOID THIS HOTEL at all costs. You deserve better with the money you're paying.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or245-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Very dated but clean, good price & very Convenient","We stayed 2 nights on a Christmas Shopping Trip. The room was tiny with 2 ""put up beds"", only sheet and blanket as bedding, very dated furniture, TV & deco. The bathroom looked like a wardrobe but on the whole it was clean, had a strong detergent smell. The Window had padlocked bars which was a little unnerving in case of fire. For us it was sufficient we simply wanted somewhere to lay our heads after a hard days shopping!  The Breakfast is simply toast and cereal which again was sufficient. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Not as bad as some reviews on here but not that great either, needs updating.",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or245-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Average room, horrible blankets","Typical: great lobby with marble floors, the rooms less grand. My room was spacious enough, with two beds. It smelled of very strong detergent, not particularly nice, but better than smoke or something like that I presume. The bed had really horrible blankets (even with 2 blankets it was cold). I advice you to skip breakfast because what they serve should not be allowed to be called food (tip: go to the French coffeehouse on the corner of Garway Road and Westbourne Grove) .",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or250-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, scary guests!!","We booked this hotel because it was near to where we wanted to be and it was above all cheap. Im not sure why there are such bad reviews on here!! What were people expecting for that price in the heart of London. Our only bad experience was with fellow guests. A lot of them were noisy until the early hours of the morning. We were in a room with locked metal bars over the windows and a balcony outside. It was quite a hot night and so we opened up the curtains and managed to get the window open slightly. Anyway, without going into too much detail, my boyfirend and i made the most of being in a hotel and had sex on the bed next to the window. I remember thinking throughout our lovemaking that there were noises outside, but i thought it was coming from another room. After a while i…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or250-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",i would not class this hotel as 1 star could not stay 1 night walked out .,"we booked this hotel through booking agency called quick book which iwould not recommend.I expected basic for what we paid but cant even call this basic. we had 2 put u up beds and the bathroom was in what looked like a cupboard, walls had dirty marks all over and the carpet had stains all over in fact it was so bad that my husband and i walked out we could not stay there and landed payin out for another hotel for the 2 nights but there was no way we were staying in such a seedy hotel. please take my advise and dont stay at this hotel it is worth paying extra for a better place.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or250-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Too expensive for what it is...,"The hotel has a nice reception, but the receptionist were anything but friendly. They weren't un-friendly, they just never looked at us or acknowledged our presence as they were too busy with Facebook.  We stayed in a quad room, and it was TINY. It consisted of two 'double' beds however we could barely fit two in one bed - and we are slim people! Furthermore the decor (or lack thereof) is ancient, there were stains and cracks all over the walls, and the window was covered in huge bars so we had trouble opening it - how can 4 people sleep in one room without having the window open?? I had trouble locating the bathroom as I saw no door in our bedroom - but it was behind two closet-looking doors which could not be closed properly, let alone locked. The bathroom was clean, but tiny.…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or250-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly what was expected for the price...,"Don't really know what all these terrible reviews are about... they aren't being fair with the hotel at all. Only stopped for two nights, and with the cheap stay compared to many other hotels in the area it's just what you'd expect. basic.  The hotel is in a tremendous location in a really nice area and was perfect for the purpose of the trip.  Rooms were basic, TV, double bed, hair dryer, wardrobe etc... the shower room and toilet worked fine and were clean, and even though it was small there can be no complaints.  as i said before its exactly what was expected for the price so for all the people that are moaning - don't expect too much again if you're gonna be tight!!",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or250-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel,"I would never recommend this hotel!!  The online booking advised a quadruple room with 2 singles and 1 double bed, the room contained 2 doubles.  I traveled with 2 of my girlfriends for my birthday weekend.  From the begining the stay was awful, the receptionist couldn't even give proper directions to our room.  When we asked to be moved or why our room wasn't as advertised we were told that was all they had.  Upon later inspection of the room and adult toy was located on top of the furniture.  Our window opened into a storage area off the kitchen and there was no ventilation.  The next morning we told the day receptionist the problem, she got us another cot for the room and told us it was the best room they had and that it was new as well.  Breakfast consisted of toast, dry…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or255-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Barely passible,Was booked into hotel last minute by agency when flights had to be rescheduled.  Requested a quad room and booking confirmation said four people but given a triple room.  Checked in late due to arriving late from Paris and no larger rooms were available.  Front desk very apologetic and squeezed in a fold-a-way bed creating literally wall to wall beds with scant room to stand or store suitcases.  Was told we'd be moved to larger room the next morning.  The next morning front desk staff was extremely rude and said the room size was a mistake by the agency and that we wouldn't be moved and that we were lucky they weren't charging us for the extra bed.  Completely different story than the night before.  At that point we no other option but to grin and make an adventure out of it. …,Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or255-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel & great location,"Me and a friend stayed at the Wedgewood for a few nights and were a bit concerned about the reviews but having stayed there i was pleasently surprised! The hotel is in a great location, right beside hyde park. The rooms were clean and nice. I had a great time in london and would come back to the Wedgewood on my next visit!!",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or255-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",This is poor quality hostel accommodation behind an attractive facade.,"I'm amazed to read that some people found this hotel acceptable. Of greatest concern to me are the potential risks in this building. On each floor there is a narrow, 'rabbit warren' of corridors on which it proved difficult to pass someone with luggage. The stairs are twisting, steep and narrow in places and pose a major hazard to anyone who may have the misfortune to trip on them. The narrow corridors and tiny single rooms are, at the very least, unpleasant for anyone with even the slightest degree of claustrophobia. I would be particularly frightened to be in this building in the event of a fire!  The single rooms are scarcely more than cupboards and the beds are child size, metal frame camp beds. The cheap furniture is very badly battered, the curtains stained and the…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or255-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",NICE,"i stayed in the wedgewood with 2 friend we got triple room in 3th floor, the room was nice and clean, the staff was verry friendly and helpfull location was exellent, i will come back on my next holiday to the wedgewood hotel defanetlly, i want to say thank you to the staff for the help",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or255-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy,"I hadn't read the reviews until after I'd booked it so was of course expecting somewhere terrible but in fact I was pleasantly surprised.  I found the staff very friendly and helpful, the room was very clean, as was the shower, location was perfect,  and the breakfast was ample.  To sum up, for the price it was very good.   I would definitley go back again.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or260-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",FAIL,"hey. this hotel was HORROR.....dirty, nasty, loud, small rooms, nasty breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or260-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Beware - bedbugs!,"Me and my husband stayed for three nights.  I started no get big, itchy bites on my body and woke up in the nigth feeling something crawling on me.  Had no idea what it was but was in agony, the bites itched terribly and got infected. When we got home we went on the internet and realised it was bedbugs! We called a company that specializes in these things and they confirmed that it must have been bedbugs. How disgusting. We were terrified they might have even spread to our house through our luggage but that fortunately did not happen, as we kept the bags in the washingroom.  I still have red, ugly scars from the bites and they even show on my weddingphotos...  :-( I read another rewiev on this hotel that mentioned bedbugs as well.  I don´t think there´s anything more to say. …",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or260-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in!,"This hotel looks nice from the outside but looks can be deceiving! The lift can barely hold two people and half the time it doesn't even work.  The rooms are worse then the crappiest motel 6 rooms!! the door has a push lock, not reliable at all.  When you leave you have to give your key to the front desk people, now that's fine but here's where it is all bad... when you come back you just tell them you room number and they hand over the keys without even checking ID.    We were supposed to stay there for two nights but the first night my friends and I were too afraid to sleep, at one point I swear someone was trying to open our door.  So we pushed a chair to the door and piled all of our luggage on top of the chair.  We were seriously considering moving our beds to the door.  By…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or260-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and Cozy,This is an nice place to stay. The room was clean and the staff friendly. Great location really close to oxford st. Would come back again.,Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or260-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Behind the Facade,"Very small shaky lift, corridors very narrow, kettle on dangerous shelf, not proper beds (folding  camp bed ),  toilet behind double wardrobe doors that did not close, terrible shower hardly any spray, drain blocked so shower tray fills up and floods the floor, no bath mat supplied. Terrible value for the money charged.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or265-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS CRAPPY HOTEL - WILL RUIN YOUR TRIP!!!!,il sum this hotel up in 5 points....  - found woodlice coming out of the scabby shower/bathroom - stains all over the carpets - was scared to eat breakfast! - when complained the night reception told me that they have no other rooms and once had a bedbug problem and had to replace all mattresses <--- thats disgusting!! - me and my girlfriend had to sleep on top of bedding in our clothes and everything in our bags as we did not know what we was going to find. - would never ever ever EVERRRRR go here again and would advice you to do the same...,Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or265-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Oh Boy!,"I knew I was going to be in London for only one or two days and didn't want to spend a lot of money on a room and yet wanted to get something close to Paddington.   But oh boy.   I arrived late and the person at the reception was watching TV. He was rather annoyed that I had interrupted his show and not very happily gave me a key for a room downstairs.   The room was damp and had a really funny smell. It was rather large for only one person. The bathroom was old and the light very very dim. Carpets had stains all over.   The funny thing was a rather large window on the side of the room. It was high enough so you couldn't see too much thru it. So I thought I was going to get some light during the day (well, ""light"" as for London standards).   At around 5:30AM, I realized that my…",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or265-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",An unfriendly and old hotel,"I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. The morning reception lady was very unfriendly and the breakfast was terrible, especially the white bread. The twin room was quite small, with uncomfortable single beds, old dirty carpets and crackling wooden floor.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or265-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap and good hotel, great location, not for people that want luxury","Wedgewood is a very cheap hotel (we booked through an agency),  so we didn't expect luxury. We actually got exactly what we expected: clean rooms, a good shower, a simple breakfast. The building is old, it hasn't been maintained very well, but it's charming in that: old windows and doors. The location is perfect: the street is quiet, and it's very close to the subway that's located on a street full of little restaurants and shops.  I'd stay at the place again.",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or265-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",OMG (in a bad way),"The room was small, the closets were dirty, the bathroom was so tiny you couldn't close the door when sitting on the toilet, the beds were terrible (and I can sleep practically anywhere), etc etc I thought the hotel wouldn't matter that much when visiting London, so I booked the cheepest thing I could find. I was wrong... Next time, I'll spend more on the hotel (and it certainly won't be this one).",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or270-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",By far and away the worst hotel in existence!! Wish I read the reviews.,"I truely couldn't believe this place when I entered the room. It was a tiny, grubby, little hollow. It was 2am my companian and I had been traveling for eight hours so we needed to rest and there were no options at this point. The electricity point on the wall was faulty and we had to call for assistance. I ordered a double bed and I got a single which was wedged into an alcove against an external wall making my friends sleep particularly uncomfortable.  The radiator mad a loud clanging sound as the water circulated so all I could do to ""improve"" matters was to turn it off.  To make matters worse the room was adjacent to the elevator and this had a faulty door which made a banging noise whenever it opened. Though this can not be attributed to the hotel the street noise the next…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or270-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, rotten, unpleasant","The worst Hotel I ever seen in my life. I was in London for the WTM and I reserved this Hotel without saying that I am manager in two Hotels in Florence. During my three days stay tehy never changed the sheets of the bed, never cleaned the bathroom, the wardrobe was small and dirty, the bed was broken and so close to the broken window that rain coming inside the room was wetting me two nights on three. At the arrival I asked for some more soap and towels and I think the night portier while he was watching televisione lying on a sofa with his feet without shoes put on a small table, answered me that this was not possible as the policy of the hotel is to give just one small soap and one small towel to Clients The breakfast room is a small and dirty room on a basement. The…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or270-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",[--]!,"I have never seen so many depressed tourists...and i was one of them!  I got suckered by false advertsing 'tasteful rennovation.'  Perhaps Ali, the manager of this (---------)thought 'tasteful' included ripped carpet, curtains pulled from the rail, skirting boards missing, stains on the bed covers...or perhaps by 'rennovations' he meant the black marks on the walls caused by annoyed residents' boots as they relaised they've been done in good and proper.  We're forwarding a complaint along with photos we took.  Recommend everyone else does the same.",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or270-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we've ever stayed in,"This hotel is quite possibly the worst hotel we have ever stayed in and I would NEVER recommend anyone to stay here. Our experience put a complete dampner on our weekend in London. The first room we were shown was tiny and consisted of two temporary camp beds covered in scratchy brown blankets. We had booked a double so we asked to be moved. The lift was broken on the way down and so we had to cart all our stuff downstairs. The second room was no better. The curtain was falling down, the carpet scruffed, two double temporary camp beds this time still with the same scratchy brown blankets that were covered in stains, the door to the bathroom was broken, there were black marks all over the walls, the tap in the bathroom was broken and the room was tiny. I have never been so upset…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or270-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Wished I had read reviews before I booked,"Big mistake booking here, not worth taking low budget hotel  before reading some reviews, only good point is the location but everything else is awful, rooms and breakfast is a joke!!!",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or275-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Stayed here for 1 night in May 2008...Thankfully just 1 night! WHAT  A TERRIBLE PLACE! We got a room in the basement right beside the breakfast room. it was so hot...no ventilation really...just a tiny window that opened on to a stinking yard! The room was extremely dusty, I could hardly breathe on checking out next morning. The bathroom stank of urine, the towels were tiny and extremely grey in colour and ragged! Continental breakfast was a joke...toast...sorry warm bread! 2 types of cornflakes resembling rabbit food! No glasses to put the orange juice in...and when we requested some, they arrived on a tray swimming in water, and hot to the touch! On finding no seats to consume such a breakfast we declined! I complained when checking out to a rather sullen receptionist, who…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or275-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","nice,friendly, close to the centre","the recepionist was kind and friendly, located in centre of the town, standard english room and bed",Date of stay: December 2007,2.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or275-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of Wedgewood Hotel.  Not good value for money.,"When we checked in at Wedgewood Hotel, the receptionist was really cold and really not friendly at all.  The room was extemely small and the bathroom too.  The bedspread was very very dirty.  It had stains on it, hair left from previous people who used it and it also smelt terrible.  We stayed at Wedgewood for three nights.  We were in the fourth floor and for most of the time the lift was not working.  When we reported this to the receptionist she just shrugged her shoulders.  Imagine for most of the time we had to go up to the fourth floor by stairs with all the shopping bags.  I would not recommend this hotel as it literally has a poor service, lack of cleanliness as well as the rooms need a make over.    Emily",Date of stay: December 2007,2.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or275-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",I thought the reviews were exaggerating,"I thought the reviews were going a bit overboard.  I have stayed in London before and know that the rooms are small according to North American standards.  This hotel is awful.  I thought I can deal with this for a couple of nights, but 2 sleepless nights were the result.  The location of the hotel is great, but the rooms were so disgusting.  I'm usually a person that travels with an open mind, I checked in and thought the lobby doesn't look too bad.  I had read the reviews.  My room was as bad as the other reviews said.  There were stains on the carpet, black mold on the ceiling of the bathroom, my window was locked from the floor to the ceiling, everything just seemed old and very dirty.  I asked at the front desk about the locked bars on the window, I was told there was a…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or275-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Do It To Yourself!!,"I would NOT RECOMMEND this hotel to anyone!!!  The rooms were filthy and had bugs that bit me terribly.  The bathroom was unsanitary in my opinion and very small.  The shower curtain had mildew all over it and we asked for a new one, but did not hear from anyone during our 3 day stay.  The towels were shabby and furniture/fixtures worn out.  The entire hotel needs a facelift and leaves much to be desired.  Not to mention there was a serious leak in the lobby coming out of the recessed lighting of the hotel during our stay, but  only towels were put down to catch the water on the floor.  The lifts did not always work and the staff was not very accomodating, although 1-2 tried.  We even came in late one night to find the desk person sleeping.  The breakfast room is okay, but be…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or280-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Nasty with a Capital N,"Our last night in England and we wanted to stay in London. The hotel was horrible. TV was broken, we had no lights. When we went down to tell them they handed my husband a light blub to change it himself. He couldn't reach the bare bulb hanging from the ceiling. It was hot, we couldn't open the windows because of the nasty outside. The beds were nasty, we didn't dare pull back the sheets for fear of what was in them. The furniture in our room was torn with the stuffing exposed. The bath was even worse. Toilets were stained or unclean, your choice. I couldn't shower because of the mold,plus only 1/2 of my body would fit in the shower.  My 9 yr old, 55 pound daughter tried to shower with 1/2 her body in/out but the water pressure was so horrible you couldn't.  Staff was unfriendly…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or280-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Unfortunately, we do not recommend this hotel to any tarveller. This is what we say to all of you, do not get seduced by the apparently inexpensive rates, there is a reason why it is so cheap: it is bad.  The rooms, bathrooms and beds are small -that is if you get the bed size you actually asked for. Not only is everything very small, nothing seems to be clean. Carpets and bed linen show their age. There are no hangers in the closets. The TV does not have a good signal. This is not to mention the smell of the room.  What would you think of a hotel in which the windows have been barred?  The area is great. It is close to all the amenities, to the parks (Kensington, Hyde and St Jame's) and has good transport links but... there are other hotel in the area! ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or280-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"I would not believe the pictures on the web. They are lying. Pictures give an impression of nice, not to small rooms and a nice place to eat. We rented a quadruple room, and this was placed in the basement. We could not see out, and the smell of muggy basement was importunate. The bed sheets felt moisty when going to bed, and the bedspread had stains. The room had severe water damages, and there was cobweb in the roof corner. One of the beds lacked two of the horizontal bars in the end, so the mattress fell through the bed. We asked to have it replaced, just to discover in the evening that they had just turned the bed around. So instead of the head part falling through the bed, now the legs were falling through.  The ad also tells there is a TV on the room. Yes, there is, but…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or280-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,The hotel room was not clean.  I woke up to find the insects on my bed!!!  Very uncomfortable and I left the hotel for the airport without having breadkfast.  I think it was good so because the other comments say the breadkfast was awful.  This hotel ruined my stay in London. ,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or280-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bug Paradise!!!,"My daughter and I spent four horrendous nights at this appallingly unhygienic ""hotel"", during which, we shared our twin ""campbeds"" with several bed bugs!  Initially, we contemplated sleeping on the floor, but noticing how dirty the carpet was, we concluded that this might have been more bug infested than the beds! The mattresses were extremely thin, and the pillows heavily stained and very old.  Blankets on the beds were dirty and stained also.  A TV was provided, although very tatty, and a broken ceiling light-fitting hung down precariously overhead.  It was evident that the ""room cleaning service"" didn't include washing out our used cups, and did not replace the toilet rolls. In fact, on arrival at our room, we noticed that we had not been left any toilet rolls, and despite…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or285-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Its Nice,"The hotel is nicely located in central London. Rooms are standard size but for London I think it good. Friendly staff. Its just 5 minutes of the tube. It was good experiance in London, would come back!! ",Date of stay: June 2007,4.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or285-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid !,"Family from Croatia . We spend 5 night in hotel , and every day get towels with stain . That was the worst experience there .I could stand broken curtains, cracked furniture and paint on the wall,dirty floor, blankets from my grandmother,broken TV cable,horrible toilet flush...But you must have strong nerves to take a shower in that  bath and dry yourself with that towels.First day I ask them to change them but I get equal dirty. Sheets was clean, for wonder. We pay in advance to travel agency otherwise we would not stay neither one day.  And a price is not low .Only good  thing is location. ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or285-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",It's a no go!,"On first sight you think the Wedgewood is alright if you're on a tight budget. But when staying there you soon find out that it's a complete disaster: ignorant, complaining staff, who think you're a complete nut when putting a complaint. They think of this ramshackle as Buckingham Palace, but it's a complete dump! A non smoking hotel, but the nighporter smokes cannabis! Creaking floors and staircases, dirty bathrooms, broken down curtains: you name it, they've got it. I wouldn't stay there again even if they offered me a room for free. Ten room 111: you would'nt put a dog in there! ",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or285-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"Its only advantage is location - only 7 min walking to the nearest tube station. It is located in an old building, clearly underinvested (although I was told that two upper floors were being renovated so it may get improved in the future). I have worked in hotel business for a few years so I know you can compensate some disadvantages with two things, basic I would say: cleanness and quality of service. Undortunately none of these worked at the Wedgewood. Our tripple room was located on the ground floor with a view to...rubbish heap (old leaves put in plastic bags left in so called terrace plus lots of other waste). So called ""tea facilities"" were of no use: cups left on a dusty shelf, kettle dirty inside. One part of the curtains was just hanging loose. The window could not be…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or285-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","FOR BUDGET TRAVEL ""ONLY""","This hotel is "" NOT FOR YOU "" if: - You like to come back to the hotel to relax after the day - This is your romantic vaccation - You are on your honeymoon - You like clean rooms and bathrooms - You like mid size rooms  Stay here if: - You are on a tight budget - You are on a budget and come back to the hotel to sleep only - Don't have any expectation from the hotel room  Other facts: - No phones in the room - Rooms furniture is OLD - Bathrooms are very small and in bad condition (see pics) - Rooms are very small ",Date of stay: December 2006,2.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or290-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",A big mistake,"I recently booked four nights at the Wegewood for my family and I during a three-week trip to Europe. This was the biggest mistake I have ever made in my travelling life.  We were to arrive at the hotel very late at night (1am) so I emailed the hotel the day before informing them of this. When we arrived, the extremely unfriendly receptionist told us that they didn't have our booking and wasn't even aware of the email that I had sent. I stood at the counter, booking confirmation in hand, repeatedly asking the receptionist to check again while my wife started to cry. After about 15 minutes, I started to lose my cool (something I rarely do) and I actually leaned over the counter to look at the reservation list. My name and reservation detalis were written right there on the front…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or290-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Rathole with Bed Bugs,"The best thing that can be said for this hotel was that there were no rats - any self respecting rat had already left.  The room we were initially given was teeny tiny - approx 8 feet by 10 feet.  There is no air conditioning which meant leaving the window open to avoid the stifling summer heat.  The room overlooked a gated park, but this meant the locals played cricket under the window until it was too dark (10PM) and then they continued drinking until early morning.  The bathroom facilities were abysmal - cramped and not working. The metal shower lead was broken causing the water flow to be constricted, requiring you to hold the shower head below your knees to get any water at all.  The following morning we found critters in the bed and in our towels.  The receptionist,…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or290-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend!,"Upon arrival with my husband and young daughter, some confusion over payment although check debited from account a week earlier. No confirmation received by letter or e-mail before we arrived although both were requested. They then asked for my credit card details which I was loathe to provide as payment had already been made. The lobby initially did not look too bad but upon closer inspection I started to have doubts before we saw the room. We had booked a triple and found it to be most unsatisfactory.  We might as well have slept on park benches because that's what the ""camp"" beds felt like.  The shower room and toilet were cramped, the toilet did not flush properly and I certainly was not going to have a shower, as it was not clean.  We had booked for 2 nights,  but I was not…",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or290-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",basic but ok,"This place is absolutely great value for money. The staff do not speak much English but were very friendly. The room was basic but comfortable on the whole. They allow smoking in the rooms, which I don't approve of. The bathrooms are tiny but do the job. Come here if you want a base for sleep and breakfast but not for an experience of hotel life. ",Date of stay: July 2005,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or290-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",A Place to Sleep,"I stayed there for five nights over the Christmas holiday.   The shower had very little water pressure. And the restroom water pressure was also very low. THe front desk receptonist was not very friendly. But the price was not bad,and I went to England for sightseeing, not for hotel life.  I recommend it just if you need a place to sleep at night. ",Date of stay: December 2005,3.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or295-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs part II,"This hotel is terrible!  My girlfriend and I checked in (they gave us a twin, not a double as booked) and had sleepless nights because of bed insects. These insects come only out at night, looking for blood to feed themselves and to lay more eggs. They are very small and very hard to kill... Not knowing it, these insects traveled along with us back to our home in Belgium. We had to desinfect the house for 5 times!!   Beside this horrible experience, the staff was not friendly at all. One morning, we asked them to call in a taxi, ..., they called a nephew who had his own GPS-system..  But he still asked the double fee of a normal cab. We didn't pay this amount of course..  Don't forget to bring your insect-spray when visiting this hotel! And don't set your hopes high! ",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or295-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs!!!,This hotel is a disgrace. First there were intial problems about the tpye of room which i booked over the internet; i booked a double and i was given a twin. Then within 10 minutes of being in the bed my friend and myself were bitten by bugs. We found 2 bugs in the bed with us and on closer inspection of the headboard found many more and a nest behind the headboard. We complained and were told there was nothing that could be done and they refused to refund the money. They also refused to come and see the bug nest. Eventually after much argument we were found another room which appeared to be bug free. Trying to follow up a complaint with the hotel has been unsuccessful - they deny point blank that the bed has bugs - i still have 2 of the bugs ( dead!) which we took as souvenir…,Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or295-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"The location was excellent, with loads of places to eat and shop. We had a room with view, which was overlooking the park - it compensated the fact that the room was smallish. i suppose it is the average london hotel room size. pleasant staff. i love the fact it had a yellow pages in the room. inspired! ",Date of stay: March 2004,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or295-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Very dirty!!,"we stayed 3 nights cause we dont have enough money, it is very poor , the room is old and dirty, also the lobby, the breakfast is terrible , be carefull. ",None,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or295-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and depressing,"I do not have high standards for hotels in London, but this place is seriously lacking in absolutely everything. I will not complain about the tiny television, the constant noise, the lame breakfast and lack of the space in the room because these problems are found in many London (budget) hotels. I will mention the awful service and lack of cleanliness though because it was appalling. We notified the hotel twice beforehand that we'd be checking in around 11pm and they insisted that this would be fine. Upon arrival, the front door was locked and the man who came to open it was clearly not expecting anyone. He took 30 minutes to check us in, asking for our credit card at least three times. Just when we thought he was done, he stopped what he was doing at the computer and turned…",Date of stay: March 2005,2.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or300-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Teeny-Tiny,"I stayed several nights at the Wedgewood. The room was teeny-tiny, the rate was reasonable for Central London. I enjoyed being close to Hyde Park. The Hotel is in walking distance of Bayswater and Paddington Station. From Paddington you can get that express train right out to Heathrow- very convenient. If you are walking, make sure you have a map, because the Leister Square and the Wedgewood Hotel is somewhat hard to find otherwise. Even the cab driver could not find it right off. All the buildings along the streets in that area are painted white.    The toilet sometimes flushed after several repeated attempts. Im not sure but maybe this is a pervasive problem in London. I reserved the room online with hotels. The staff had my room ready when I arrived. Make sure to keep all…",Date of stay: May 2005,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or300-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little place,"Two friends and I rented a ""triple"" room at the Wedgewood and we were very pleased with it. The room is small and the bathroom is even smaller, but it was serviceable.   The area is quiet and extremely close to the tube station, and there's a mall down the street with a few nice restaurants and a movie theater. We felt very safe walking around late at night (in a group).  If you're getting up early, you'll get a hot (almost too hot) shower, but if you get up after 9, you'll only get tepid water.   I would probably stay in this hotel again, given the chance. ",None,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or300-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Tries hard, but doesn't come up to snuff","Our stay at the Wedgewood was part of a package deal.  We told ourselves that we knew it was a budget hotel, we didn't care if it was small as long as it was clean.  A 2 p.m. check-in time is very inconvenient after traveling all night, but is understandable.    We had booked a twin, but were first shown a double [well, the infamous 3/4].  Complaining, we were given a room for 4 for the night & told we would have to change the next day.  The room was okay, but the grout in the shower was moldy.  The double we were finally shown was okay.  Breakfast is adequate [toast, cereal, juice, coffee or tea], but not the ""sumptuous"" meal described on the web page.  There is plenty of hot water if you take your shower at night or in the afternoon.  But at 8 in the morning, their boiler must…",Date of stay: January 2005,2.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or300-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Very good location, tiny rooms.","The room was very very small but clean. The bathroom was tiny but worked. Don't expect any type of room service. I could not even get a change of towels during the same day.  The breakfast was toasted with marmalade based and that was it.  The location is great. I loved that area. Underground stations and parks are very close.  I think this hotel is expensive for what it offers, but I had a pleasant experience there after all. I paid 80 pounds per night in a twin-beds room.  Fortunately, as a tripadvisor member from Kerava said, there is a lot to do in London but to stay in a hotel.",None,3.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or300-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",ok,Having read the reviews before booking we took a chance on this hotel after making a last minute booking on expedia.  Rooms were very small but are ok to rest your head for a night.  The hotel was located in Bayswater which is central enough to reach many of the main attractions of London.  The rooms were clean-ish but the shower could do with a good bleach!  The bed was only a 3 quarter bed and not double.  I did breath a sigh of relief that we only booked one night!!  No parking available but there is a large overnight car park for around £25 near queenswater shopping centre. (10 minutes walk away near to tube station). ,Date of stay: January 2005,2.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or305-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Bad organization,"I paid the bill completely two months advance but at the reception they told me that my room was not available and they transported me (spending one and half hour in the middle of the night) to another hotel very dirty and old. The day after I hardly complained and my room, at the wedgewood, was available, it was a good quality room. But for a night I slept in an hotel, of the same group, unworthy. ",None,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or305-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, that's about it.","We picked The Wedgewood based on the price and location.  Online pictures can be deceiving.  We stayed there in September of 2003.  This place would have been fine during my student days traveling in Europe, but it was below par for what I expect now.  The lift wasn't working, the room was tiny and very dated, the beds were as saggy as a hammock with one small pillow each.  We booked a room ""en suite"" in order to have our own WC, but would have been better off sharing, seeing as our bathroom was a converted closet.  Luckily we are not big people.  The breakfast was decent (juice, tea, cereal, toast) and the staff was OK.  I wish we had known about Tripadvisor a year ago. ",None,2.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or305-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",scarey dump,"I had made an online reservation. I had a conformation number. When i got there, I was told that hotels.com called them and said it was not confirmed. I asked them who they spoke to and if they had a room for me. I was told they dont know who they spoke to, and no one would give me their surname. At one point they pretended they did not understand english. They all but told me to leave. The hotel was clearly not full. The postive part of this is that later I met someone who was staying there and it seems I was lucky not to stay there. I found a decent little place directly across the street - not luxuary, but nice and helpful people who understood the position I was in.  Believe the reviews you see here, this so called hotel is dirty, unfriendly, and downright scarey...not even…",None,1.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or305-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Barebones Hotel - Don't Expect Much,"The Wedgewood is all too typical of the hotels that are proliferating in the once really nice Baywater area of London. First off the check in time of 2:00 pm is too late if you get into London as I did by 9:00 am and you are dog tired. They have a luggage closet that was over crowded with suitcases and I was afraid to leave my stuff there. The elevators (lifts) are tiny and slow. The room is shabbly and minimalist. The floors creak but there was a TV. The breakfast was alright, nothing spectacular and the staff was pleasant enough. Somehow I feel that for the money I paid, the room should have been a bit better but like I said, Bayswater is full of these type of hotels and I suspect that they are all interchangable. ",None,2.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or305-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",the price was good for what we got (for London),"I stayed in London for 3 nights in May 2004 and i was not disappointed with the room since i payed about £40 for a double room.It was small , but for London it was just a little smaller than average. no Air Conditioning but we didn't need it.The bathroom was small but clean and they cleaned it every day. Tv inside and hairdryer and small closet. there was tea for free in the room and a small breakfast was included downstairs before 10 o'clock.just 5-10 minutes walk to bayswater and queensway too.The hotel was in a quite street but nearby there were many restaurants and bars and shops...I would stay here again....and recomended for any budget traveler...   ",None,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or310-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","OK small hotel, good location","The room was very small but clean and recently painted. The bathroom was tiny but worked sufficiently. And, fortunately, there is a lot to do in London but stay in hotel.  The breakfast was scarce but solid enough to get started. The hotel is well located and after all, quality/price is high.",Date of stay: May 2004,3.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or310-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Awful...,"This hotel is truely terrible. The bed was as hard as a rock, the pillows (if you could call them pillows) smelled of mould, the bathroom was disgustingly dirty, the toilet was not fixed to the floor, need I go on...The hotel staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The breakfast could also best be described as minimalist.It was so bad we checked out after the first night, losing the money we had paid through hotels. Don't believe the hotel website.Shame I didn't check this site first!",None,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or310-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than expected,Having just spent a week here I was pleasantly surprised after reading so many negative reviews. My room was freshly painted and the staff was very helpful. Only the problem of no hot water remained.,None,4.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or310-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Run! Turn Back!,"This hotel (if you can call it that) was not at all like the pictures. Very run down, teeny-weeny rooms. Bed is a cot on frame pushed up against 3 radiators. A broom closet is larger than the bath. You could sit on the toilet and put your arm in the stand-up shower. Have to push handle on toilet 3 times to flush. Got bit by unknown bugs. Your breakfast is 2 slices of taost and a choice of corn flakes or bran flakes. We were miserable! Also, when you check in they take full payment up front with no refunds. I could go on and on, but take our advise, it is truly a dump!",None,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or310-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, excellent location","I was in this hotel 2 weeks ago, and I was pleseantly surprised. The rates are cheap, and I was a little worried about the quality when i booked (reading the reviews on this site too late...) Staff was friendly, rooms were OK and clean. Not very large , but this is London and I never had a large room in this city. I would book this hotel again, sicne it gices excellent value for money",None,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or315-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Awful place to stay,"This hotel is not represented properly in pictures. The rooms were extremely small and hard to maneuver in the bathrooms, which are the size of closets. We had to be moved three times until we were in a room that was accommodating to what we had booked. The breakfast consisted of two pieces of toast, a bowl of cereal and tea/coffee and juice. The price of the rooms is extremely outrageous. I would give this hotel a -1 star. The hotel staff was somewhat pleasant. Do not stay in this hotel!",None,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or315-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",It's absolutely dreadful.,"I just wanted something clean and comfortable, and this place did not make the grade. The rooms were tiny, the hallways were filthy, and the bed was nothing more than a bundle of springs in a bag. We had to request three extra pillows (each only 1-inch thick) to place under our bodies in order to protect our ribs from bedspring-induced bruising.  The toilet took coaxing to flush. The front desk employees are, at best, indifferent to guest's needs. Do not stay here, no matter how cheap it is. I would never go back, even if they paid me.",None,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or315-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Totally Awful,This hotel is completely awful. Do not give them your money. I agree with all of the other comments listed by all of the other reviewers.,None,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or315-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",You Can Do Better...,"Rooms are nothing like you see in the pictures - uncomfortably small, peeling paint everywhere & bad mattresses. The toilet didn't flush every time. The shower stall was so cramped, I could not turn around without shutting off the water. Even the coffee served at breakfast was bad.",None,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or315-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",basic joint,"pretty basic place, claimed they did not receive my booking confirmation - after much delay stuck me in a twin room which was fairly clean but had tiny bathroom with lukewarm shower. breakfast terrible - had to beg for toast and tea/coffee was awful and cold. if I would have paid more I would be more scathing but only there for one night so tolerable. On the plus side not bad location - ten minutes walk max from bayswater/queensway tube. Having said that would not stay there again/",None,2.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or320-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",might as well live in the youth hostel,"not only is the room super small (this can be forgiven, since the land in london is scarce), it is also old and dirty! The matress is so deformed that i can feel the springs on my back when i sleep! the bathroom sink is badly designed such that i can't wash my face without having water spilled all over the floor! the staff isn't that nice either...",None,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243672-Reviews-or320-Wedgewood_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Wedgewood Hotel Reviews, London",Not like the website,"Room was extremely small and dirty, blankets were filthy, TV required a 10 pound deposit, clock was broken, walls were peeling, springs were felt coming through the mattress and clerk would only call a very expensive service when asked to call a taxi. They claimed they did not know the number of any other taxi company. The web site has pretty pictures which bear no relation to reality.",None,1.0
