,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",palace court hotel no the London dungeons,"Booked a room with Hotels.com, all the photos on the site of Palace Court Hotel in Bayswater looked quite nice, and when we arrived the chap on reception  (Shaun) said we could book in after 2pm, and we had a room on the ground floor, about 2.15pm, we booked in, first of all he wanted to give us a room with a bathroom outside the room, l said no, we booked a room with a private bathroom, he said sorry he made a mistake, yes ours was with a private bathroom,he said it was in the basement, l said no you had already said it was on the ground floor, he said no its either in the basement, or two floors upstairs, my husband has a knee problem so we went to look at the basement one, which he said was a favorite with a regular guest, and was quiet,  being quite tired we took the room, the room itself was clean, but, awful,  one step away from a dungeon, and as small as a prison cell,  (not that l have been in a prison cell) the bed was useless dipping in the middle, the sink was cracked, the room smelt of damp, and outside the window the basement area had rubbish and dirt in it, and a sewer cover,  l was tired and laid down, and all afternoon the floor above was creaking, and banging, so the chap (Shaun) was one of three things, 1) Deaf 2)  Had never spent a night in the room, or 3) was telling bear faced porky pies,  my guess is number 3, l endured the noise until 8pm, when next door started playing loud music, and the vibration was going through the bed, and l could stand no more decided to go sleep in the car, the new chap on reception (Ralph) however must have seen how tired l was, and gave us another room, which l must say was a hell of a lot better, and we slept well, next morning the breakfast was rubbish, cheese that had been out all night by the look of it, toast that took 10 minutes to toast, and boiled eggs, on leaving Shaun  on reception said  if we wanted a room on the ground floor it would be over a hundred pounds a night, well Shaun, if a room is empty, which the one we were given was, surely letting it go for half that is better than getting nothing for it at all, but there are kind people, and there are greedy people, and whatever you are you have to live with yourself at the end of the day, remember what goes round, comes round., so everyone make a point of avoiding the basement rooms, BO1,BO2,BO3,  and avoid the Porky Pies, lol…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at any cost. Not safe,Worst accommodation that we ever found in many countries. No elevators and they put us at top floor. No safe access only small curve timber stairs covered with carpet.  Broken down furniture in the small room.  The main thing. This is not safe area to stay. Our room was attempted yo force open while we are inside. This happenned altough we put don't disturb sign on the door.  My family was under stress and we decided to move out the next day.  Safety and security is top priority.  No value at all.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",An okay accom in gd location,"We were a family of 5 and we were given a unit with loft so that was interesting and quite spacious. Only the bathroom was small with no ""curb"" to keep out the water from flowing out of it. So we always end up with soaked floor towel.  There are no lifts n the stairs r steep. Luckily our rm was on the next floor up, but still with the no. of bags we had, it was tough! We appreciate that they have a space for us to store our luggage as we arrived before 9am.  The location was alright, there are many similar hotels nearby and Bayswater Stn was abt 7mins walk with quite a no. of souvenir shops n halal restns (incl Subway) on the way to the station. We also had free breakfast (bread/ cereal/ hard-boiled eggs) n it was great that they didn't serve any meat so as Muslims we were able to enjoy it.  …",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but clean and good value,"Stayed for 1 night in a small single room, which was very clean and I slept well. Very basic furnishings, breakfast and facilities, but this was expected and perfectly adequate for the price. The only gripe is that the staff all seemed 'uninterested' - no greetings, no smiles, minimum service. If they were friendlier, a 'very good' rating would have been in order.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but clean,"I stayed for 1 night on my own while I was in the city for a conference. The room was tiny, but very clean. Same with the on suite. Breakfast was included in the price and was basic but good enough (options were toast with various condiments, cereals, cheese and tomato, yogurt and canned fruit, boiled egg). There was a lot of banging around at about 9.30pm which lasted about 20 mins, and it sounded like people were running up and down stairs a lot/past my door (which had a staircase each side) through the evening, but it quietened down when I went to sleep. TV was included in the room too. I would user or again for a one night stop over but not a longer stay.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap not value,"Good location, everything else poor.   Didn’t expect much for the price but was still disappointed. Checked out a day early as couldn’t sleep with the noise from a water pump and paper thin walls. Room was a single at best but squeezed a double in. Cleanliness and maintenance left a lot to be desired. Service non existent. Breakfast did the first day but didn’t go back. Stairs that needed climbing topped off the experience.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute tripe,"I didn't find this hotel a welcoming place. The reception staff, the evening reception guy, the cleaners, the breakfast staff - all very miserable and, it seemed, too much of an effort to say hi (the only exception was the reception person as I checked out). I had a single room at the top of the hotel - it was cramped, and had a near sleepless night thanks to one meagre cheap pillow. The shower was hopeless and the breakfast wasn't anything special, The whole place was tired, the stairs etc., though the room was clean. No wifi, except near reception - definitely no frills. ... but, a nice location",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",OMG what a dump,"Stayed for 2 nights, so glad it wasn't longer. Unfriendly welcome just interested in getting a £20 deposit. Told to go upstairs to room and got to 1st floor before being told wrong staircase. Stairs filthy, used teabags on the floor whole stay, bags of dirty linen obstructing the stairs too. Room cramped double and single beds pushed together against the wall with no floor space to move around. Army style blankets on the beds. Breakfast may be free but it is awful...tables dirty and cramped together. Food very poor quality, didnt even go to breakfast second morning and ate out instead. Staff generally ignorant don't even acknowledge your presence even when spoken to. Will definitely never return ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",They are thieves.,"IT'S A SCAM. I booked one night via booking, which I paid directly on booking, but once at the hotel the receptionist made me pay AGAIN, telling me they didn't accept the PayPal payment. I never got reimbursed, booking never responded to my last messages, I'm very disappointed and YOU SHOULD AVOID THAT HOTEL because on top of that it's old and dirty.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels,The hotel satff are not helpful. The room just about fitted the doule bed and no room to walk around the bed. The shower only had cold water and they thought that was normal.  The room was not even cleaned and there were several insects around the bed and on the carpets. There was a phone in the room but didnt work,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",My worst hotel experience,"Stayed here for one night with my two children. The man on reception was surly and rude. We arrived 45 mons before check in and asked if we could store our bags. He came out from behind reception, opened a cupboard door, walked back behind reception and pointed to the open door not even looking at us. The room was clean but basic. Only 2 sockets in the room and with two 14 year olds wanting to charge their phones and watch tv it was not ideal. The only wifi was in the tiny recsption area. Breakfast was included in the price I paid but the dining room was not big enough to accommodate the guests and the staff on duty did not make eye contact so it was difficult to attract their attention. We checked out early (guests were eating breakfast in reception) and went to have breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel,"Did  some research with my travel agent. Wanted a budget hotel in a reasonable location. It's what I got. Maybe a little far out but the public transport system is good. Can take a bit of time to get somewhere, depending on traffic of course. Basic in accommodation, I had a small room with bathroom. Didn't need any bigger, as I wasn't spending a lot of time in it. Too busy out and about exploring. Breakfast is basic but good. Staff at the front desk very helpful. Room always clean and with fresh towels, when I got back at the end of the day.  Recommended.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",room with no lights?,"Location good - that's the only good thing you can say about this dump. Arrived at 1.15pm after emailing and asking for early check in - told no! Had to pay £20 deposit for I have no idea what? Book slot for breakfast ( if you can call it that) but dining room was full to the point of being a danger with people trying to access hot drinks overchildrens heads and cheap white sliced bread on offer. The place is filthy. Room lights did not work, shower was so dirty I couldnt bring myself to use it. Don't stay here.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Hell hole. ,Do not even consider this place as we stayed for one night and was bitten by Bed bugs. We have traveled around a bit and stayed in beach huts in India etc and never been eaten alive like this. THIS PLACE SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN. ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Bad service, unfriendly","Think this was the worse hotel I stayed in in 20 years! Got a room on 4th floor, absolutely terrible. No pressure in shower, noisy all night, uncomfortable beds, .... Staff prefers to speak their own language among eachother, very nice as a guest! Staff is very unfriendly.you get exactly 30minute timeslot for your breakfast, if it is even worth the name breakfast. My advise, stay away!",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS,Stayed in this hotel last night and wouldn’t advise anyone to stay there. After about 20 minutes in bed I was bitten all over parts of my body. I got out of bed and put the lamp on and saw 3 bed bugs in my bed. I never slept a wink after that as I had to spend the rest of the night sitting in an uncomfortable chair. Now I’m worried that they may have returned home with me.,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not 4th floor please!,"Hotel has good location, very close to station. Few supermarkets around, good restaurants around. However, breakfast is very simple, you need to sign in day before, for the time when you want to eat, as the breakfast room has around 25 places. Hotel has 4 floors - with no elevator, so if you have bigger suitcase, prepare yourself for physical exercise. No help offered from hotel stuff. We was on 4th floor, room was very basic-what is ok; I had a hole in wall  - as a part of ventilation screen; bed was good, shower was the biggest problem for me, as the water pressure was very weak (explanation from reception :  4th floor is too high for the water pressure, and also, depends, how many people are showering in the same time), so I washed my hair approximately 45 minutes, just to…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel near of undergrounds with basic service with no WIFI,"GOOD: The location of the hotel is very good close of 3 undergrounds (bayswater, notting hill gate and Queensway stations) around 5 minutes walk.  The bedroom was clean and the beds were comfortable Low booking price They can bring you taxi (you pay of course) - I don't use this facility  BAD: The breakfast has the basic water, tea, milk, coffee,tomato, cucumber , cheese, jam, cereals,butter, bread and boiled eggs. You have to go for breakfast on a specific time because they don't have enough tables (i think) in a small place around 7 tables. NO WIFI on our rooms only in receptions and some of us can't connect because of poor connection and no one can help us and no friendly reception.  We were not informed that there would be a £20 deposit taken from us on arrival and you have…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Location and price,"Single room, small, with facilities for coffee (no tea), no hangers in the wardrobe. Everytime the upstairs' guest used the toilet, we would hear the water running.  Wi-fi is supposed to work at the reception area (not in the rooms) but I could not log in neither on my phone nor on kindle - even the recepcionist could not figure it out. No lifts, basic breakfast (toast, butter, jam, cheese, tomatoes, boiled eggs, cereals, milk, tea and coffee).",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable beds ,"We had a room for three adults, 3 single comfortable beds on the top floor. There was no elevator but that is common in older neighborhoods. The neighborhood was great and bus and Tube lines were nearby. It was a quiet neighborhood easy walking distance to restaurants, grocery, and shopping. TV didn’t work but we wouldn’t have watched it anyway. The bathroom was completely renovated and new though the water pressure not great. Breakfast was free and consisted of toast, hard boiled eggs, cereal, cucumber and tomato slices. Would stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic - does the job. ,"I paid £140 for two nights over the bank holiday weekend at short notice - our usual hotel choices were either fully booked or extortionately priced. For £140 in the centre of London (very close to Bayswater and Queensway stations) you can’t really grumble.   Realism has to play a role here - you’re not getting the Dorchester or the Savoy. Rooms are basic and require major updating. The carpets are quite tatty and poorly fitted - the shower head was broken - there is little room for storage (we had a triple room). However - the room was clean, bedding fresh, and the beds comfortable enough.   Breakfast is continental style - basic - but you can’t argue too much considering it’s included in the price.   If you’re looking for somewhere in the centre, clean and good value for…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",London Trip,"Stayed here for one night.  Clean and comfortable.   Receptionists not helpful or friendly. Basic breakfast, again staff ignored us.   Good value for central London, but basic.  Alright for a one night stay.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Reception,The receptionist was rude. He did not even greet us well and definitely did not give us a warm welcome. Good job on he first impression mate. The scenario was we were early before the given check in time which is at 2pm. So we handed in the infos that we had and he said: dont you undertand i said 2pm. And whats the use of a lobby if the customers are unable to utilise it to wait for the check in time. First day in London brought in such a disappointment.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, basic hotel","Basic but if you just need somewhere to rest your head at night then it does the job.  Very surprised by the great location, close to Kensington Palace. A short walk from Bayswater tube station where there are plenty of shops and places to eat, but the street of the hotel is actually quite quiet. Only a 20 minute tube ride from Leicester Square.  The couple of disappointments for us were as a result of the hotel being advertised incorrectly when we booked. We were not informed that there would be a £20 deposit taken from us on arrival. This was returned to us upon checking out, without them checking our room so unsure what purpose this served. Also the hotel is advertised as having free wi-if but this is only available in the reception area, which is quite small.  Be prepared to…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and cheap budget hotel for families,"Slept there with 3 adults and 2 kids, booked a quad room en suite with no breakfast. we were given a free breakfast, not sure was it a mistake or free upgrade or a standard. nice breakfast. a loft bed, very close to ceiling but its ok if you are not too fussy.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for - helpful staff,"I had booked three nights in two single rooms for me and my mom. The first night they were overbooked though, so they arranged taxi to another (and much better) hotel, and back the next day. Our rooms were super small, but clean. Beds were fine and if you just need a bed, this is worth considering. Bathroom in my room was fine, but my moms was really old, and her toilet didn't work. We told the reception, and they said they would look at it, but when we got back, it still didn't work. Wifi was only in reception area - and I couldn't get it to work. However, staff was very helpful and very friendly.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money. Was ideal for what we wanted. ,"Booked this place then read the reviews and was dreading it. However I was surprised at how clean and nice our room was.  Hotel is 8 mins walk away from Bayswater underground. On arrival receptionist (oldish man) was lovely, explained about 20 pound room key and damages deposit (refundable in check out). Our room was G05 in ground floor, had double and single beds down stairs and had 2 single beds up the stairs (our room had an up and down) rooms were clean, linen and towels were fresh, bathroom was immaculate. Decor is a little dated but fine and clean. There’s even a little table area for coffee and drinks. There isn’t any storage but it’s not the kind of hotel you would stay in for longer accommodation. Shower worked well and had decent pressure. I had read bad reviews about…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Well, I expected quite better service but I read comments and some things is true and some isn ´t. I try to describe good and bad things of this accomodation. Good: - very good location for our trips to centre - price is quite good - Every day fresh towels and clean room - Not old bathroom Not good - Beds! - blankets are old and not comfortable - No hooks or shelfs in the bathroom - Breakfast is the same everyday - no changes and no rich to choose",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Does the job,"Stayed here as was looking for somewhere cheap to stay in London for 1 night and managed to book here for 2 of us including a 'continental' breakfast for £42.50. We werent expecting anything special, just a bed for the night and a shower in the morning. This is what we got. Check in was simple, apart from they took a £20 deposit which we werent expecting. We did however get this back at checkout. Our room was 406. This was on the top floor. Make sure you are fit as this place has no lift! So 4 flights of stairs takes it out of you - Im glad we only had an overnight bag. After climbing the mountain we entered our room. It was clean and what is to be expected. The bed wasnt the best but we both slept ok. The bathroom however, was a little dissapointing. The toilet was constantly…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Worst experience ever, please avoid!","Been here for 3 nights! Rudest staff ever (they complaint even because I was translating to my parents and he couldn't finish talking). Bedrooms very dirty, expensive and ridiculous breakfast for high price! Won't definitely come back",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know what to thing about this place...,"The reception guys are all nice and professional.  The room...well, holes at some spots on the wall,the room is or very in hot or cold. It's very small and not easy to circulate and to go to the top room. But they are offering a nice breakfast and it's in a quiet place near station and London City center.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel - Great Location,"Spent Friday & Saturday night here (6th & 7th July 2018).  The reviews on here are unkind and misleading.  This is a budget hotel, the sheets are towels are clean and were replaced for the 2nd night.  The food is continental and a good value breakfast for the price we paid.  The staff were polite and helpful, my motto is always treat those as you would wish to treat others. On the whole, it's not the ritz but we were not expecting that.  We wanted a 2 night stay in London in a close proximity to Hyde Park for a concert.  That's what we got, extremely happy and would book again.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel that really doesn't help itself,"OK, so this is a 2 star hotel so you do get what you pay for but there are a number of things they could do to make it worth the money. As soon as we got into the room we were hit by a horrible stench!  The bathroom/cupboard with a shower and toilet in it was an absolute disgrace. We weren't expecting anything fancy apart from clean and not smelling like a sewer!  We went here having travelled back from South East Asia and so wanted to get some rest, the constant banging around by the staff didn't make this possible. Lastly some of the staff on the reception need to realise that manners are free and therefore can be included int he price!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dreadful ,"If It was possible I wouldn’t press even a single point to this hotel(it’s not a hotel really). It was terribly dirty, with unfriendly stuff. Without and elevator we were carrying our bags to the third floor. The bathroom was a mess from dirt. The towels were dirty.  I even found hairs on the floor that weren’t mine. I could hear the Spanish girls taking all night no sound proofing at ALL!  This hotel is the worst I have ever been too. I don’t recommend it even if it’s cheap. The breakfast was horrible and the tables were dirty. God.  ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not pleasent,"A very unpleasant place to stay, we were down in the basement between the toilet and the boileroom, a big bag of dirty laundry greeted us at the entrance to our room ( which remained there for the duration of our stay) The room was basic with two double and one single bed, the view from the filthy window was a wall, the window did not lock and we were worried about leaving our possession's in the room. There was a TV the size of a postage stamp attached to the wall. The kettle had to be put on the floor to boil as that's where the nearest socket was, ideal with a small child in the room. That socket was the only one in the room. The room was very dark and and dingy not helped by the one watt lightbulb. Breakfast was toast with four splodges of jam, marmalade, chocolate spread…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible ,"My worst experience ever. I came with my family and a 20mo baby. We arrived at 22.00h and everything was dirty, full of pee, hair... Disgusting... It was raining and I had a baby if not we wouldn't sleep there... The worst hostel ever...  And the women in the breakfast room were so rude and unfriendly and didn't change the table cloth and we had to take it off and put all the dirty in other table... Just awful disgusting and disappointing... ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,I dont know which one is worst the receptionist or the room!! I can tolerate the room because of the price  we paid but the receptionist or maybe he is the owner he was very rude! We dont deserved to be treated like not a human being I never encounter a receptionist like him his attitude is horrible!! When we stayed at the very cheap B&B or hotel thats fine but when it comes to principle the way he treat us forget the room the anger we got in mind is ruined our days!!,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Business Overnight stay,We're surprised at the price for this budget hotel. The stay even have a Free Continental breakfast . The room is clean and the beds are decent enough. There's ample sockets for multiple gadgets chargers. We occupied I think a family room with a double bed and 3 single beds. Basic room but I'll definitely stay with that hotel if ever I will be going near the area.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",freezing cold room,the hotel is cheap and thats it. i cant find any other advantage. horrible diry cold rooms. uncomfortable bed. there was mouse inside the ventillation system. worst hotel i have ever been... not recommended,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL - DON'T BOOK,"I booked a room via lastminute.com, which said that the hotel had a 'convenient' wifi use. Well, if you are only using a hotel lobby the size of a shed!   The receptionist was totally unapologetic and had seen this all before.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"After reading some bad reviews I was a little apprehensive on arrival, but although the rooms are very small, the bed was clean and towels fresh and the breakfast was adequate. Only downside was the stairs, our rooms were right at the top and no lift.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Thank goodness it was just for one night!,"The location was great. Round the corner from the tube station, plenty of cafes, restaurants and shops. But out the way enough to be quiet at night. Room was very small. Normally that wouldn't bother me as i was only staying for one night and checking out in the early morning. But also the bed was quite small (im 6'4""), the shower only gave cold water and leaked all of the water onto the floor. After flushing the toilet, the contents of the toilet would bubble out from the shower plug-hole! No wifi (that i knew of).",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL EVER!,"Myself and 3 of my friends stayed here for 2 nights over August bank holiday weekend. The first night we stayed in a beautiful hotel then the next 2 nights we stayed at palace court hotel. At £256 for 4 people I was not expecting 5* by any means but I was at least expecting a standard room. Well from the minute we got there, the woman at the front desk was so rude, asked for more money. Continued to laugh throughout our check in for no obvious reason. We booked for bed and breakfast, she then told us we had to book a slot for breakfast and could not just turn up. (Time slots available were 7:30am-8:00am).  I informed her that there was no information about this on the website and we really did not want to get up that early, she told us that basically we had no choice and while…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",dont book - what a hovel!!,"wow where to start.... the mrs decided to book this place blind, we had no idea of the bad reviews so had no idea what to expect, when we walked in the reception staff wanted more money even though we had paid online, that went on for a while eventually we were allowed to our room, as we walked up the stairs we came across random debris strewn all over the place, apple cores happily rotting away paint chipped away on bannisters and A LOT of dirt everywhere, so we thought lets not judge from this, the rooms may be better.........we were wrong, the room was slightly larger than a double bed, and was absolutely filthy, the remote was completely engrained with dirt, the headboard for the bed was actually a table with the legs cut off??, two of the power outlets didn't work and moved…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as reviews make out,"I booked the room via booking.com a few months ago and read their reviews at the time. It wasn't until the day before I was due to check in that I read the reviews on here. You can imagine my horror. I really wasn't sure that I was going to check in at all. I'm glad I did. This hotel is in a great location, you really can't fault that. The hotel is 2 star and as long as your expectations are realistic you won't be disappointed. The room was clean. It was small and a little tatty but cleanliness is really all I'm expecting for a budget hotel. The only thing I would say is that the water didn't drain away in the shower very well so I could only have a one minute shower or it would have overflowed. If there are two of you sharing a room you would have to wait 10 mins or so for the…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor hotel...,"Easy to move in London, near bayswater underground station...but, no wi fi into the rooms, only in reception, very cheap breakfast, no elevator, no confortable rooms... It's cheap...but very very poor accomodation.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Excrement in the bed, their response: ""it must be yours""","Arrived mid-afternoon, room was pretty shoddy but put it down to budget booking, didn't want to stay long in the room though so went straight out. Came in late that night and went straight to sleep, threw off the sheets in the morning to discover to our horror that there were traces of human waste on the sheets. Went downstairs to complain where the receptionist was very apologetic and provided keys to a new room, but when we came back after inspecting the second room we discovered the housekeeper had come down and she then proceeded to plainly tell us we were lying and that it was our own, cue quite a large argument in the reception. Asked for the manager, were told he wasn't available, but then a random bloke appeared and said he spoke on behalf of the management. Slimy bloke…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"I booked this hotel because it was the cheapest I could find in London which had a private bathroom - so my expectations were low.  Firstly the location is fantastic. In a lovely area, near the high street and within a very short walk from 3 separate tube stations.  I stayed here twice within 2 weeks - first in a single room, then a double.  If you're not precious about cleanliness (I am not) then great - I had stained sheets and hairs in my bed, but I paid £30 a night in central London so sort of expected it. It's also worth pointing out the rooms are TINY.  The toilet and shower were both fine - as were the facilities; tea and TV.  The walls are tissue paper thin and I was kept up till 1am by a French couple next door who were engaged in passionate argument - if I spoke French…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Sady, also found the staff rather curt and rude",I cannot recommend. Shockingly curt and occasionally even rude. I am meant to add more detail here but I have nothing more to add. There are plenty of budget hotels around Paddington at a similar price with better service,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",very helpful gent at reception,"we booked this hotel at the very last min and by last min i mean it. we booked it 10 mins before we landed on the doorstep after arriving in london at 11pm and arriving at the place i had originally booked to find it nothing more than a half way house full of druggies and no one there to let us in and it was absolutely shocking so therefore had to find somewhere quickly. palace court came up on booking.com for £50 and i must admit i thought as long as its clean it will do, i had my 3 daughters with me so had to get off the streets.. when we arrived all flustered we we greeted by a lovely man at the desk, the reception area was lovely too.  if your looking for the ritz this isnt the place to stay but if you want a nice,clean,tidy,well equipped room with a comfy bed to sleep in…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","DIRTY, RUDE, AND THEN MORE AND MORE RUDE","We knew this was a cheap option but we didn't know it was gonna be stressful and uncomfortable. Twice we approached reception to bring to their attention cleanliness matters and they were so rude we gave up. Also arriving late because of being stuck in traffic was like a capital sin. I would not recommend this hotel to anybody,",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel,"This hotel is an adequate option if you are on a budget. The hotel is in a good location for tourists with tube, pubs, shops and restaurants within short walking distance. At the price it is ok and you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cute,Stayed here recently and was given a nice room with a set of stairs which go to a second double bed. Overall the room was lovely but i am a short person and my head hit the ceiling of the room above the stairs! Couldnt stand up!   The tv is incredibly small and hard to see and a large crack in one if the bathroom tiles but  overall the room was clean and comfy and the receptionist friendly. ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value - A Few Simple Things Could Improve Stay Dramatically,"My husband & I had an emergency which meant a couple of nights in London, last minute.  We didn't want to splash out on a last minute expensive London hotel as it was just a place for us to lay our heads.  Saying that, we still expect a good standard.  The Hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from Bayswater Station.  The outside of the Hotel was very Grand, so we were pleasantly surprised.  When we checked in the receptionist could have been friendlier.  We do like a good first impression.  We were asked (not demanded) for a £20.00 holding deposit. We didn't mind, but this should be advertised.  Our room was basic but very clean & had everything you needed including fresh towels, hairdryer, clean bedding, soap, coffee & tea & a freeview TV (my husband moaned…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Me and my partner booked this hotel when we decided to go to winter wonderland and wanted to get a bed for the night that wouldn't be too expensive. When we got to the hotel the receptionist demanded a 20 pounds deposit that was not advertised at all during our booking, and when we asked when we would get it back she said hopefully in 3-5 days. When we got to the room it was very small and very basic, but considering we only paid 46 pounds we weren't expecting much. The room was very dirty and had a weird smell. They provide electric heaters in the room (which is much needed) so we decided to put it on. As we moved it to plug it in there was a sanitary towel wrapper underneath, obviously they do not clean the rooms properly. After looking on different Booking sites I would…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disturbing,"Reasonable price for London and for the three of us. However, the receptionist was far from friendly, the room far from comfortable and the facilities shabby and the breakfast a poor option. If you are tall. Do not stay here. We had a triple room which was split over 2 levels, a bit cooky actually but the single was downstairs and the double was up on the mezzanine and you can't stand up! The bathroom was the cupboard under the stairs afterthought, the shower broken and the towels were the size of flannels...obligatory little tiny bar of soap was all there was on offer so don't forget your own toiletries for gods sake! The tv was the size of an iPad in a place where you could see it if you sat on the stairs or stood by the single and don't even get me started on the kettle...,I…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",okeyish 2-star value for money,"I was disappointed because did not find any mouse or bug. the room was old, small and worn-out but clean; the bed comfy; the location in the city excellent. the price for the value is ok - it's a 2-star hotel after all. note for the sensitive travellers - walls are really thin, so, in case you sleep very sensitively, you might be annoyed (or not in case your neighbours are good) :) all in all, not as bad experience as for some of the reviewers here",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",What a bloody train wreck.. Avoid ,Unless you are a particularly poor student from one of the worse off african countries then i would suggest you just give this place a miss.. Is hard to even begin to describe what a mistake place it is.. From the 5m2 rooms which are filthy with non closing windows no heating and broken curtains to the dazed and confused staff that so not know where thr aforementioned roomd actually are in the hotel.. Though hotel hee is a misnomer...  I is at best a second rate youth hostel with delusions of grandeur.. Really absolutely disgusting.. There was old blood on the sheets.. Curtains were ripped and could not be closed and the tiny bed was stuck against a window that neither closed properly nor could be locked... Of course there is no heating.. The only joy i took from this hotel was…,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Little things let this place down,"So starting with the positives... the room was a reasonable price for London, the room was clean and the bed was comfortable.   I was disappointed on arrival, reception staff were miserable and didn't seem to know what they were doing (saying that we had to pay a £20 deposit which we weren't told about, then when we checked out it turns out this was incorrect and it was a holding fee on the card), the staff didn't tell us where our room was - we even asked!- and we had to find out for ourselves that we were on the second floor.   The room was ok, small but functional with a mezzanine floor with the double bed above a single bed (which we didn't need) and a tiny bathroom, the tv was tiny and in a really odd place meaning that the only place you could sit to see it comfortably was…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"Checked into this hotel for a night and it is easily the worst experience that we have had for a hotel. Check-in time was 1 PM, we arrived 45 minutes early after an early morning flight from Edinburgh. With all our baggage, repeated requests for a slightly early check-in met with disdain from the guy at the reception. The staff was rude throughout our stay, in fact. We were given a room on fourth floor. Bear in mind te hotel has no lifts and extremely steep climb of stairs, which can be a pain if you have to carry your own luggage. For breakfast you have to book your slot and are expected to gulp down everything in a 15-minute timeslot. The room was pathetic, the room door could not close properly. Very shabby interiors; stuffy room, where one would have to open the window to…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place to Have on Mind when in London,"If you need a place to stay, I strongly recommend this hotel. Access to the City Centre through Queensway or Nothing Hall station. Staff is kind and helpful. The spaces are quite good.   Unfortunately Wi-Fi does not reach the rooms on the second and third floor.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Lack of help!,"We arrived early in the morning and the host was not in the best mood (unfortunately), it didn't have a lift and neither a hand from the host so we had to go up to the 4 floor carrying our luggage! Very exausting...The room was also with a smell of a cleaning product... a bit stronger than expected! But I was very supprised with the breakfest included pretty good! Overall I wouldn't stay in this place again since carrying luggage over many floors isn't my fancy thing, neither the host from the morning that it is not at all friendly and Wifi just in the reception area.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Mice in room,"I booked to stay in this hotel for 2 nights for work. I got to the hotel and it took over an hour just to check in! This was because id booked online, and the receptionist said the rooms hadn't been paid for. Even though my company had rung the hotel the week before and paid over the phone. I eventually got checked in and had to carry my luggage up 3 flights of steep, filthy stairs. I instantly could smell an unpleasant odour as i was walking up to my room. The room itself was basic (to be expected) but looked OK. I was in the room an hour when i saw mice running around the room and under the bed!! I organised another hotel and checked out immediately, didn't even stay the night. Terrible experience. The hotel refuse to refund my company the money, even the £20 deposit!! Avoid…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Less than basic!!,"The location is good. The hotel is run down and dated - the window wouldn't close which was a security issue as we were on the ground floor. The curtains were stuck so we couldn't close them. The en-suite shower was good. Breakfast was adequate, but there were not enough tables to seat everyone. Only one very thin pillow provided per person - I requested some extra as I had recently had spinal surgery - I was told this wouldn't be a problem but there were none available. We were expecting it to be very basic - just a shame it wasn't actually in good working order!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great value and location,"Great three nights in room 102.3 adults sharing room to attend BST concert Hyde Park.Room consisted of twin beds and stairs up to double bed and further single.upstairs required a bit of stooping for taller folk but ideal for everyone else.room neat,clean and tidy.good hot showers and clean towels daily.large window opens onto small balcony overlooking attractive gardens and the good pub on the corner.breakfast staggered and more than adequate for the price.check in fairly business like but breakfast staff all friendly and welcoming.£40 per person per night b&b in good location in London! Other reviews clearly describe different experiences but on the basis of our own,would definitely return.Hotel well suited as base for London adventuring.One word of caution:chose hotel partly…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Absolurte dump with mice in the room, wouldn't refund money paid","I arived in London late on onday night and wealked up to this place to booka  last minute room. They gae me a room but when i arrived it was disgusting. the room was dirty and the bed and mattress were very worn.as I sat on the bed, two mice ran out from under the bed and then out under the bedroom door. It was disgusting.  I went to reception to say tat I wouldnt be staying and could I have arefund. They agreed and told me the manager would process it in the morning. That was 10 days ago. I emealed them about a week ago and S.Muhajir replied saying they would process the payment and since then they have not returned my calls or emails. I went wround the corner to the next street and checked into a hotel there for the same rate which was much nicer. Avoid",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't advise,"Is recommend you pay a little extra and stay somewhere else, I can understand why this hotel is so cheap. Lovely area members of staff are relatively nice apart from one who I think is the manager and is incredibly rude and has awful customer service! The room we had was what I could describe as a converted closet, it had mould on the Windows, the taps were broken as was the toilet and the window didn't work and was open our whole stay! The bins outside were full and smelt and on approaching we looked into the back garden which had rubbish everywhere. Personally I wouldn't stay again!",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",WORSE HOTEL EVER!!!,"I have stayed in a lot of hotels in London and this has got to be the worse one yet!! This is more of a B&B type hotel, very small reception. Staff are RUDE and do not care about your needs. We was put on the top floor with young children, this hotel had no lift so we had to walk the very steep and dirty stairs to the very top with children and bags. The room was very small and HOT even with the window open all day and night. Our Room was dirty, walls full of marks and damp. the shower was tiny and did not work, ( ONLY COLD WATER VERY SLOWLY CAME OUT  ) The radiator was next to the bed and was on full blast all day and night meant no one in the room could sleep due to the heat. We got told nothing could be done as its the same heat all over the hotel. Breakfast was awful we took…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Little suffocating","If you plan to use the hotel just to crash in the night, then this is the place to be. We stayed for two nights, were allotted a room  on the 3rd floor with 4 single beds, we were a family of 2 adults and 1 child, we would have preferred one less bed with a little more moving space inside the room. But the place is within walking distance of Bayswater and Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park which makes the location of the hotel a major plus point. Complimentary breakfast was good.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, cramped room","The hotel is located in Central London, very close to the Bayswayer & Queensway tube stations. There are 5 lines that converge between these two. Kensington Park is a walk away and so is Notting Hill.   The hotel's room was extremely small and cramped. Not very ideal.  There was free wifi in the hotel and the breakfast was decent.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or70-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel for the price you pay.,"I just came back from my 3 days in London and I was staying in this hotel. I went there with friend and my boyfriend. I read horribe rewievs so I was scared to go there. We found hotel very easy from Baywater station. The hotel is 15 min from the center with underground or 1 hour of walking. Neighborhood is very nice, close to Hyde park and there is a lot of hotels in this area. Shops are on the main road and verry good and cheap suvenire shops also. Fasade of the hotel looks new, reception area is small and there is no elevator (we didn't mind that). Our room was 406 (4th floor), it had big double bed and one bed extra (not those cheep extension beds). Room was very big, it had tv, 2 closets, 5 drawers, hair dryer and a small bathroom. The most important- the room was CLEAN!!!!…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or70-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","INTIMIDATING. I WAS  SUBMITTED TO PROFANITY ON THE PHONE, UPON TRYING TO IMPLEMENT A CHANGE TO MY BOOKING.","AVOID AT ALL COSTS! VERY, VERY LOW-END  Just before making my way to the ghotel i phoned. I mis-took my dates by one day.  I was due to check in the following night, HOWEVER, It was possible to bring one of the days forward- there was room at the hotel. ON THE PHONE, The 'manager' ,  was unhelpful, dry , and unnwelcoming .HE KEPT TELLING ME OFF DURING THE PHONE CALL 'whose mistake was it?' he would say, when i pleaded he did anything he could to avoid being charged one night extra,,,,,OR he would also say   'it's not my problem, you you have to book another night’ …  Charming.  His repeatedly telling me off and rubbing it in my face eventually took me to the end of my trying politely and so I justifiedly asked him: ‘what is this, a religious inquisition?’ to which he went mad;…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or70-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for the money ,Not as bad as I was expecting  I was dreading staying seeing the reviews about bedbugs ect so I bought some smoke bombs to let off in the room to kill any living creepy crawlies but for £60 in London it's not bad it includes breakfast and I slept ok. ,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or70-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stay AWAY!!! Bedbugs below the beds!!!,"The worst hotel ever...I've been to many countries before, I love UK but this one hotel will remain once and for all in my darkest experiences and nightmares. Do you know what Bedbug is? Well after staying for about 3 days I discovered that the bed was full of Bedbugs and once I thought that I had mosquito bites...well I was full bitten by those unhealthy insects. Both of my arms had more than 15 bite spots which is unacceptable for a hotel in general. The funny was that had a penalty for stain the towels! I totally warn everybody to stay away from this hotel which made my trip to UK a nightmare!!!",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or70-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!!!,"The staff is very rude, they taken 20£ from my credit card for 15 minutes late check out when they said they took just 10. Receptionist use to come to knocking and screaming at your door 1 hour before the check out showing no respect. I had a really horrible experience, the worse customer service i've seen in my life.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or75-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","This place is a million miles away from a hotel, let alone a palace","Honestly, this is the worst place I've ever been unfortunate enough to lay my head. To summarise its filthy, smells disgusting, badly managed and is very overpriced, if it was £1 a night I'd still say it was overpriced.  If I wasn't for the fact I had two tired children and it wasn't 11:30pm I would have walked straight out but we had a early train journey in the morning so at the time I didn't feel we had much choice.  Please anyone thinking of booking here...... Don't, you'll be sat regretting it like I am now.   A family room with exposed live wires, stained bedding and paper thin walls, come on!!!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or75-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Problems with credit card ..and the issue is really the receptionnist,"Used a prepaid booking for this hotel  The amount was taken from my account days before i check-in . No problem but the interesting fact is that i was refused to checkin because i was carrying a different credit card that at booking time. Incredible isn'it ? Who cares about this normally for prepaid ? Si i had to pay again locally cash before being recredited back.  Incredible.  Another thing: deposit. They asked for a deposit of 20 GBP for the key.   I have never been asked for a deposit in a hotel  Believe , this hotel is incredible !  So think again for staying there !",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or75-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel not trying!,"This is a budget hotel that doesn't even try to make you want to stay there again. When you walk into reception it's very nice. But never before have I ever had to pay £20 to get the key to my room. When I booked the room I asked for a ground or first floor room as I'm not good with stairs and they said they would do this. They didn't, they had us up on the top floor. Hundreds of steep stairs to go up and down. The room was a good size. Only one electric socket in room so no good if you want to charge your phone, have a drink and watch TV at the same time. Only one channel on the TV and couldn't get any other channels when I tried to tune it in. The bathroom was clean. Room was clean apart from stains on things that couldn't be removed. The walls were paper thin so you hear…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or75-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Hotel Accomodations,"I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in London and rented two rooms each night.  I had two rooms on the 2nd floor for 2 nights, and two in the basement for four nights.  I was paying for four family members including myself, so the price was a major factor.  This is a basic hotel for someone who wants a bed and a shower and can deal with the tiny rooms and cramped quarters.  The management is friendly and honest.  I made two financial mistakes while there and they fixed both of them on their own initiative.  The rooms are close to the street, so there is noise at night, the rooms have no ventilation except an open window, with bars and sheers instead of screens. There is no elevator the doors are keyed with dead locks with push handles, and the bathrooms are very small.   The…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or75-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never ever coming back here,"Rooms were on the fourth flour, 82 steps with luggage, wifi only in reception area, staff not helpfull, more on the phone nagging than time for the guests. Rooms were small, bathroom far from clean. Breakfast area looked like a bomb had gone off, dirty and the wallpaper had seen better times. Grumpy staff here as well Will NOT recommend this place to any of my friends",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or80-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Was good for what I paid,Room was clean and shower and toilet was clean. Maid service every day. Beds were comfy. Had to climb loads of stairs which was a bit of a pain but for what I paid I cant complain really. Good location not far from tube station and nice pub that serves lovely food across the road. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or80-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible room, would never go back","Terrible hotel! Stayed in room 401 with no lift, hundreds of steps with heavy bags. Room was absolutely tiny and when you flushed the toilet, a disgusting smelling water came up the sink plug hole and the shower hole, and visa versa. The smell kept me awake most of the night. It also happened when any other room on the tiny floor turned on their taps/flushed their toilet. Rude service and a crap breakfast. What more can I say!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or80-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friday night stay after concert,"The room was adequate. Clean ,good shower basic,had to wait for breakfast at our alloted time. You get what you pay for. It was a cheap price and met minimum standards. But bed was clean and comfortable. Clean towels . No shower gel provided.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or80-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid - BED BUGS,"Worst hotel in London! We stayed in room 201 for 4 nights. Got several bites from bed bugs and even managed to transport some of those to our home. In addition, room was very dirty and even toilet flush did not work properly. And of course no WIFI in rooms. Avoid. Really!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or80-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Terrible hotel in every way. Dirty, bad service. Would not spend 1 GBP for a night there. Rather wait with your London trip if you cant afford better hotel. My wife forgot her coat in the room for couple of hours and no one had entered the room in the meentime except the staff and her coat was gone, stolen by the staff for sure. ",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or85-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great at first glance not so much after,You walk in and the lobby looks amazing but looks can be deceiving firstly I'm disabled and can't manage the stairs and I arrived to find I'd been put on the fourth floor and there was no lift eventually they compromised at letting me have a room in the basement still stairs but only One dodgy flight to contend with the room was fine but the bed was so uncomfortable I couldn't sleep at all well it was a double made from two singles pushed together and when I got on I sank straight through the mattress to the bed frame underneath so all I could feel was the board underneath and springs not nice then I went for a wee and as I tried to get into a sitting position on the loo my boob got caught on the sink so cramped is an understatement the shower had just enough room to stand still…,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or85-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",What do you expect for the price,"I needed a triple room in London at short notice near Paddington Railway Station with access to Central London. Realising that the Marathon was on that weekend and the weather I doubted if I could get economic accommodation. Some prices were astronomical, but I came accross the Palace Court. Every Hotel was selling out so took the plunge. I had quickly read the reviews but had no choice. The Hotel is located 550 metres from Bayswater Tube Station, the surrounding area was clean and felt safe. Opposite the Tube Station were a number of restaurants and walking to the hotel passed some good pubs including the Phoenix. On arrival,at Hotel check in was smooth, informed there was no lift and we were on the top floor. Luckily we only had cabin sixe bags. You will struggle with a large…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or85-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Read the Reviews,"As a serial poster, I should have paid more attention to the reviews. I thought it would be ok for someplace to just sleep!  After having to schedule a 30 min window for breakfast, in advance, and having to climb 63 stairs to get to room, in should have paid more $$ and stayed somewhere else. ",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or85-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as other hotels,"Stayed here for two weeks on a holiday in London. I got a double room with an ensuite bathroom. Everything was functioning: lights, hot water, plumbing and TV. After reading horrible reviews, I thought I wouldn't survive, but it was not as bad. The room was a bit small and cramped for a double room and had no table where I could do some writing about the holiday. The location was excellent as it was located near shops and underground station.   The price however does not reflect the services they provide and I think is they should review the prices. The dining room where we have breakfast was very small and the breakfast selection was limited and unappealing.   Reception was friendly and helpful. I was not expecting reception to be really small. There are always guests sitting…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or85-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not the worst hotel,"I stayed at a budget hotel once before in London, and having stayed at a hundred different hotels over the years, I can honestly say that that was the worst experience of my life. When I read the reviews here on TripAdvisor the day before I stayed there, I was terrified. Either the reviews are really out of date or they have done some really heavy-duty renovations to the place since they were written. Either that, or, we just lucked out and got a fantastic room. I wasn't in charge of booking this time around - however, I did plan ahead upon reading the reviews, and packed my own blanket to take with me, because people had written about how cold it was in the room and that the sheets, and blankets had sketchy stains on them. In the end, I didn't even need the blanket. Needless to…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or90-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Up market Hostel,"We stayed for 2 nights in a functional ensuite double.  After reading the reviews I  was not expecting much and that is exactly what we got. I have stayed in worse and given the prices locally this was definitely a case of paying for what you get.  As a base to explore it has its niche which is rough, cheap and safe . Certainly there were loads of European families in residence and for a family this is a way to afford a short stay in London   After the 1st night we asked for the bedding to be changed as the original did not seem clean and I just wish we had spoken up earlier. Every time we passed reception there always seemed to be someone queuing up to complain about something often petty. The breakfast was ok 3 basic cereals, yoghurt, cheese, boiled eggs and toast (another…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or90-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",not bad as described,"** hotel and it is exactly what can you expect. room equipment is very old, but functional. clean as possible for this kind of stuff. very thin walls. breakfast ok - toast, jam, cheese, egg, cereals, joghurt. don´t worry, I´ve seen much much worse places to stay :)",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or90-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",I would not recommend,The room wasn't fresh. The shower didn't work. We only had 30 minutes to eat breakfast. We booked time for having breakfast but there was a lot of people who didn't. I haven't got my depositmoney back. We won't go back again.                               ,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or90-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",A taste of being homeless for £50,"The only good thing about this hell hole was the price and location. It is in zone 1, and the area is lovely. I stayed in room 406. It was a cupboard with a bed in. The room was a foot bigger than the bed all round. There was a single sheet as my cover, with a military style blanket at the bottom of the bed. The window didn't close properly so it was freezing. Every time anyone flushed a toilet the whole room smelt of sewage. There was a mystery kettle- a mystery because there were no cups, coffee, anything else to make drinks. The free wifi only works in reception, which if you were in my room was seven flights of stairs down. Five pigeons kept trying to get in the gap of my broken window. I got lucky clearly on my day with the 'continental' breakfast as we had sliced white…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or90-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"It's not the greatest hotel, but we didn't pay much either. The wifi didn't work, we had used dirty towels on the bed and the sink was clogged. They did fix the problem right away, but it shouldn't have been an issue in the first place. The blonde girl at the reception desk didn't seem to want to answer our questions, but the guy at night was very friendly. The room is small and stuffy, the windows had mold as well as the shower. I had read prior reviews and took small blankets and am so glad we did. We didn't use their blankets. We slept on top of the sheets and used our blankets. We pretty much used it for a place to sleep. The breakfast consisted of toast, cereal and coffee. There was no parking available at all!! You have to use a parking garage, which was two blocks away…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or95-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Would've been better off on the streets.,"Simply put, this is the most appalling, disgusting and worst managed hotel I've ever seen.   The continental breakfast was bread and a toaster, the room was so small the double bed had been pushed against the wall. I complained about this and got told tough luck.  I got stuck in a basement room which meant a hallway that smelled of urine, a tv with no remote and a shower that didn't work.  The best part was when they started breakfast outside my paper thin walls meaning I got woken up at 5am both days.  Please, spend your hard earned cash somewhere else as you'll regret staying here the moment you walk in!!!!! ",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or95-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cried when walked in room !!!!,Exhausted by the time we got to the top floor with our case 65 steps !! Carpet dangerous not attached to the floor !!The window held together by cello tape. Had to put kettle on floor to make coffee ( which we bought ourselves )only enough coffee provided for a toddlers tea party!! no plug on hairdryer and you need to put the light on before you leave for dinner to ensure you have adequate light on your return !! No bedside lamp which means you have to climb over the single bed to get to the light switch ! On the positive side the beds appeared new and having one pillow sliced  in half for two people  remarkably seem to have cured my snoring ( so I was informed )  Breakfast was basic not really into tomatoes and cucumber with my toast and the boiled eggs were somewhat dated. It…,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or95-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",POOR POOR!,"The worst hotel in London> if you dont have enough money to pay for something away from this terrrible place do not visit London yet. Save up and stay well away from the stained bed covers and the dangerous layout. The mattresses are terrible to say the least, the plugs on the wall do not work. Its a terrible place and one that should not exist as far as i am concerned..",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or95-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!!!,"'worst hotel experience ever, stains on duvet/blanket, hair on pillow and when we asked to change it we were told there were no additional pillows, room in the attic with no space whatsoever even though we asked for a lower ground room due to a back injury so we had to take our luggages up 4 storeys with no help whatsoever. Staff not helpful, totally ignored us and never took into account our requests. Fire alarm rang while we were getting ready only to find out it was because of a piece of burned toast. after seeing the receptionist her head off at the incident and due to the fact she didn't know how to switch it off, we had to go back up 4 fights of stairs. even though we booked breakfast we ended up not finding a table at times and had to wait in line for others to finish…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or95-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dubious stains on duvet/blanket,"I can do budget hotels and as the approach to holiday season comes I was looking for a cheap hotel near work that I can crash out out at and walk to work in the morning.  I stayed two nights; one night late August and one in late Sept. First time round the TV didn't work and the mattress was a little hard, bathrooom hadn't been cleaned thoroughly (few hairs here and there)  But I could live with that. What I could live with was the second time round. Not only all the above but the blanket/duvet had not been washed. Clear white stains. Disgusting. They were even that apologetic and initially refused to give me another room.   Not going again.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or100-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not too pleasant,"We had a very hard time finding this hotel, but finally did after asking for directions many times.  No one in the neighborhood knew where it was!  First impression at reception was ok, but when we got to the room we were put off by the smell. It was a very small room with an added on loft. One bed downstairs and two beds in the loft. We did have our own bathroom and it was okay.  We were disappointed to find that we had to go to the lobby for wifi access, since it was advertised as wifi available, we assumed it would be in the rooms.  We were surprised to see so many people at breakfast the next morning, they evidently had a pretty good crowd staying there.  Food for breakfast consisted of toast, jams,  boiled eggs, cereal, peanut butter , coffee and tea. We stayed two nights…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or100-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Moldy room and sticky carpet. Mold in the bedroom and in the toilet. Itching all over after sleeping. Seriously considering burning my clothes after my stay. Breakfast was ok. Strange smell in all of the hotel. Would never ever stay there again. ,None,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or100-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing great other than near to Bayswater station,Tiny Room no proper bathroom (you are not supposed to throw bathroom tissues to the toilet). No wifi. You have to lift your luggage all the way up as there is no lift. I had to carry my luggage till fourth floor. So tiresome after going around the city.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or100-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",It wasn't so bad,"The entrance was very nice. The reception staff nice but English not that good, clean rooms, felt safe, issues with the TV did not work, hair dryer did not work, and the shower was tooooo hot could not turn it down, no moveable stay head so found having a shower difficult, the other room had mattresses on the balcony drying... And this room had cold water in shower... Was offered another room but the stairs were to steep to lug myself and for children",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or100-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great stay, low expectations","Upon reading all the reviews myself and two friends arrived with extremely low expectations. I felt very compelled to review the Palace Court hotel as it exceeded all those expectations. Whilst it is a little old and, yes there is no lift the rooms are clean, we felt safe and looked after. What more do you need? We were very happy and would be back without hesitation ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or105-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,"You are looking at this hotel because it is cheap. How many hotels can you stay at for under £60/night in underground zone 1? Not many. I see this as an upgrade from a hostel. It is very basic but you have your own room, not sharing a dorm.  It's all about expectation. On the positive side it is a five minute walk from Notting Hill Gate tube station. So it is easy to get into the city centre. It was clean and I slept well. The continental breakfast was ok.  Not so good is the size of the room, lack of a lift and the feel that the Russian Mafia may hide people here.  I wouldn't choose it as a romantic place to stay but as a lone traveller needing somewhere to sleep cheaply it was acceptable.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or105-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Really pleasant stay- good location, clean rooms, enought space","I was so scared to go to hotel, after reading previous reviews( booked room there before those were written).. when we got there at 2am we were pleasently suprised, room was cozy and clean, 1 single bed downstears and 1 single+ 1 double bed upstears, big window over to park( yes, there were old beds stored in the hotels backyard, but it didnt block the view :) ). Showerroom was good size, towels were changed daily( you have to leave towels on the floor, if you want them to be changed). Breakfast i think is the weakest link- diningroom is small, guests are supposed to write down the time they going to eat breakfast, but as all the guests dont follow the time, it causes some waiting time to the others.. breakfast it self isnt that much, basic toast-boiled…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or105-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",WHAT A FLEA PIT,Oh My GOD what a hole  We were so excited to travel to london We booked this Hotel through expedia  The hotel looked great from the outside Got the shock of our lives when we opened our door  We were greeted by 2 beds with a moth holed Blanket on it YUCK! There was no room at all in the bathroom  The receptionist was so miserable and could barely look up from his computer to answer our Questions  The Breakfast was terrible and during this they had some painters in so all you got when eating was the whiff of paint fumes  You looked out the balcony and all you could see was old beds that had been dumped  What an absolute TIP !!!,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or105-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this place,"I was in a rush so I was looking for any room to spend a night in London. By booking with this hotel, my nightmare became true. So first , the receptionist was not welcoming at all. I asked him some questions about the area and buses and he couldn't reply. And he is welcoming you by saying that you have to leave the room for 11am otherwise you ll be overcharged! Then , I learned that my room was at the 5th floor and THERE IS NO ELEVATOR! So I had to carry my luggage and trust me I struggled for that. The room was to small ( by the way I paid 155£ For a double room , what a waste of Money!) I think they haven't changed the blanket since 1800. My skin is still itching from that. The TV didn't work. The bathroom was tiny and the best , in the bathroom , you have a sigh display…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or105-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",were young and i would not stay again EVER,absoulty terrible looks good from the outside and reception but as soon as you pass the doors omg horrible you get his with a stench that i could not describe the rooms were terrible and small but the bathroom was clean but was the only thing that was the beds were rock solid to the point one of the lads slept on the floor. outside our bay window as we was on ground floor that we coukd open was a little garden full of old bed bases seats and materess we also found rat traps in ourroom around the windows and under the bed . we then wend to oyr friends room that was sold called ready amd found a key in the door we opened the door and found a cleaner lay on the bed on her phone lol dont no why they werr terrible we then left her room and on the way down we found a ved base and…,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or110-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute hell,"Arrived and the staff were rude and impolite. Asked us to sign a slot for breakfast the next morning so we did. We got to our room and the whole thing was on the slant so everything we put on the table would fall off. They had taken all the drawers out of the furniture for some reason! The place looked like a pig sty. There were holes in the wall. The light didn't work so we had to eat our tea in the dark. The bathroom was so dirty. There was a note on the bathroom door saying if you dirty up the towels then you pay a £15 fee. Which meant I was too frightened to use them and felt like sleeping with my head on a t-shirt in case any extra make up I missed went onto the pillow. The bedding was JUST a grubby brown blanket. When I complained on the night about the light not working,…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or110-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never Staying Here Again!,"This is without doubt the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. The room was a good size but that's about as far as it goes for good points. 1st issue was the view from our window... it looked like a dumping ground for old mattresses and beds. We planned on having a shower on arrival but once we saw the state of the shower we decided against this and I'm glad we did. When using the cold tap in the bathroom it suddenly turned hot. The draws were removed from the room so we had no where to store things. The light was a huge issue for us, on the evening we were trying to enjoy a meal after a long day and the main light would go off for 2 minutes then come back on for a minute then off again for 2 minutes etc. This meant we had to open the bathroom door and turn the light on in there…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or110-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Infested with disrespectful teenagers,"The property is in a residential area between Bayswater and Notting Hill. With that said, the clientelle are teenagers and early 20-somethings who want posh bragging rights of where they're staying while paying a hostel budget. Here's what I observed in the one-week stay: (1) Spaniards are loud past 2am running up and down the hallways knocking each other's door, (2) Italian parents have loud early bird kids, (3) teenagers would block lobby exit to get WiFi access for their Facebook updates, (4) Mandarin speakers from Taiwan and Singapore are very respectful of the dining room area, (5) the adjacent hostel would have backpacking kids in sleeping bags on the street during overflow, (6) the Romanian maids are overworked, (7) French speaking pre-university kids have a nasty sense…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or110-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",never again,the rooms were tiny and the bathroom even more. the location was okay but the staffmember not helpful. you had the feeling you serious bother them when asking some questions. would not use it again. breakfast terrible.,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or110-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good price - reasonable hotel,"We stayed here one night as we needed to be in London.  We booked through an agency (Venere) who told us that we could park on the street for £2/hour.  This was not true, it was resident only parking nearby and the nearest on street parking we found was more than £2/hour and limited to only four hours stay so no good for parking up and using the public transport.  That said, we know the area reasonably well and did park elsewhere although it meant quite a walk.  The hotel was clean with a bright reception area and the man on reception was helpful.  We'd booked as a last minute arrangement and so ended up on the fourth floor - with no lift this was quite a trek.  Indeed the agency hadn't told us where the room was or that there wasn't a lift.  Our room was small but clean however…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or115-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever not stayed in !!,Paid for a room with 3 single beds and even sent email and made a telephone request to ensure we had the room I had paid for. Oh yes we had a single and the smallest double bed the world has ever seen. The booking sheet I saw at reception even had 3 single beds on it and when I asked to see the manager unsurprisingly he wasn't there and I have sent email since and had no reply to my request for a refund ! We booked 2 rooms in a different hotel that night and one more thing I would mention is the most unhelpful gentleman behind reception who refused to acknowledge the mentioned booking form. Don't stay here it is a dump !!,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or115-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",It's 2 star what are you expecting? ....it is what it says,"Just returned we stayed 2 nights for the busiest weekend in London which meant we were left with little choice for hotels especially with the prices they others were asking. This hotel For the price.....£25 per person per night, it was reasonable. It is 2 star and I don't know what people are expecting, but this means you have a very basic room with very little standard other than bed, hangers, shower, kettle and tv. We had room 102 which was for 5 people and well spaced out for 4 of us to fit Comfortably we had a bed each. The room was clean as much as it could be, just the carpets are a little old and the sockets were a bit strange one my plug fitted in and one didn't The thing that I missed was having a mirror in the room, there was one In the Bathroom, but with 4 women we…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or115-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Palace Court,"My Wife and I have just stayed at the Palace Court for a trip to London for the Beating Retreat. The hotel was ideally situated, the room was good, breakfast good, and staff were pleasant. Quite close to the tube station(Bayswater)",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or115-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Lower down the better.,"This hotel was booked by a colleague of mine for our yearly work football tournament. This year we wasn't as well organised as usual and left the hotel a bit last minute. This one came up at around £20 a head, which we all thought was good for London and its particular location. Whilst playing, said colleague collected all the keys to our rooms without any hassell. When we arrived we realised why it was so inexpensive. The reception is well kept and gives a good impression, with free wifi, but that's really where it ends as the paint job deteriorates as you go up the maze of narrow shallow steps to rooms. I stayed in a 4th floor room, thus it taking some effort with being playing all day and carrying two bulky bags. Even for a 23 year old male. The room itself is compact. They…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or115-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Choose another hotel in this area!!!,"Looks nice from the outside on the internet but don't be deceived!! I read the other reviews and thought I would give Palace Hotel the benefit of the doubt and booked it but I wish I didn't. First night was on the third floor cover by scaffolding outside, narrow stair case up to floor with heavy luggage (no lift), double bed and 2 single beds in 1 small room no room to move!! Bathroom & shower drains did not drain, carpet badly stained, very tired looking room, no Wi-Fi, only available on ground floor & in small front foyer. Room was very disappointing asked to be moved and we were accommodated to the ground floor level for the next 2 which was a little better but felt insecure with the scaffolding around the building and our ground floor bedroom window!! Breakfast was very…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or120-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"Stay away. Far far away. This place should be reported to Londons tourist board!!    Rather stay in a tent in Hyde Park, or next to the train tracks.   Breakfast included they say, toast and a boiled egg.  Dirty tablecloths, extremely bad service. ",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or120-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Hotel with Ignorant Staff,"I realise this is a budget hotel so I didn't expect much but what I definitely didn't expect was to be shouted at by the receptionist. Don't stay here.  My son and I listed 22 problems, too boring to go into here, but honestly, it's awful. It was  supposed to be ""recently refurbished"" which is a lie as there's extensive scaffolding outside and constant  building noise during the day. We were woken up at 6.10 am by more noise outside too. Everything was shoddy, door handles falling off, sink plug which didn't work, no electricity point for the kettle, TV didn't work, room ridiculously cramped etc etc",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or120-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Hell in London, demolish the place! or put decent management in with some balls!","stayed at this hotel before and was tolerable. and i understand it is a ""budget hotel"".The room i had this time was right next to reception. all fine. toilet is right under the stairs so being a tall male proves interesting... room was 1 double and a single. biggest issue was the neighbours. i don't know how many people they had in that room but it sounded a lot! mixed ages too. this family decided they had to make as much noise as possible for the duration of my stay. this included them letting their children run up and down the stairs many time almost as if it was a race. (rooms are on 2 levels and stairs right next to wall by bed) and then children screaming and crying. and just generally making lots of noise. spoke to somebody on reception after the first night and she…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or120-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is awful ,Stayed here for 1 night as was in the capital for a job interview. Booked it online I arrived and was greeted by a young woman on here mobile with a older gentleman on the front desk. Asked to check in and she found my booking slip. Then asked me for a card so she could take a £40 holding fee. Nothing mentioned on lastminute when I booked. I was not prepared to give this so phoned the helpline number for lastminute.com and was put through to a call center which was another problem. I eventually was able to book in without having to give my card as the older gentleman said it was fine. Then was asked for my passport. Yes I'm a british citizen and take my passport with me to London. So we had another problem. Was handed my grubby key and told my room number in the basement. I…,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or120-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",This is like sleeping in a barn with a racist staff,"Worst hotel ever !! Stayed 6 nights there and all i did was avoided getting back to the hotel all day except to sleep a few hours. The rooms are veryyy small is size with no place to place my bags !! The toilet wasn't clean and they offered no shampoo The staff is totally racist and insulted me but when I faced them they said it was a misunderstanding although I doubt it !! They receptionist wanted to take my credit card PIN claiming that its a security procedure so they'll be sure I don't damage anything !! That's what I call a thief !! With my refusing he took £50 in cash as a deposit which is totally nonsense cause if anyone just sees the room he'll know that its damaged alone !!  Non-friendly, ignorant and lazy staff....the only reasonable things were the breakfast and the…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or125-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Probably the worst hotel I heve ever been to.,"This place fails entirely at the basics. Scruffy, tiny and unclean room, dubious looking wiring, very poor bathroom, I could go on... The accommodation was advertised as bed and breakfast but the breakfast room in fact doubled as the laundry room (so they do wash some of the bedding then?) and comprised entirely of stle bread and pastries. It also started at 7:30 which would be too late anyway for business travellers. In summary, don't even think of staying there - pay the extra £25 to stay somewhere acceptable.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or125-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"It is a cheap accommodation in the centre of London (zone 1), ideal to stay a couple of days. The tube is the best means of transport and the nearest station is Bayswater (5 minutes walk). I booked a double room but since the hotel was almost fully booked the management gave us a family/quadruple room. The kettle was out of order but the night porter after several minutes solved this problem giving me the key of another room and I helped myself taking another kettle. The room price include a buffet breakfast. At the end I caa say that Palace Court has a good value for money for its category. Before complaining a customer should remind him/herself the price (£24ppn).",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or125-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You don't stay at the Dorchester for £60 a night.,A little bit of a background.  I was contracted to deliver some training in London.  It was at reasonably short notice and my expenses were part of my fee.  This is always an incentive to look for a bargain.  I booked the room through one of the many hotel sites and was then a little dismayed to read the generally terrible reviews that this hotel had acquired on Trip Advisor and other review sites.  Act in haste and repent at leisure!  The hotel is a nightmare to find (not the fault of the hotel) as the ‘square’ is a collection of three separate roads with a strange numbering system.  Also a number of the buildings display no number at all!  I suggest a visit to Google Earth before setting out.  I arrived mid-evening and the (inevitably) East European receptionist was pleasant…,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or125-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid this ""hotel""",I booked this hotel the day before my arrival which was 14th of October. Unfortunately all hotels in London were fully booked that day due to some big event in London. The room was uninhabitable due to overbearing smell and lack of cleaning. The bed which was so small was only suitable for a teenager it was covered in stains on the cover. The room itself was the size of a large closet there was water leaking in the adjacent bathroom. The staff was completely uninterested in guest welfare. On my arrival to this hotel a lady at the reception was in an argument with the receptionist and turned to me to advise me not to check in. When i saw the room that was proposed it left me in no doubt that I had to check out of this place straightaway. Give this place a miss as it is a disgrace…,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or125-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, basic, with good climbs.","This hotel obviously has my best interests at heart, otherwise why would they arrange for me to carry my luggage up 8 flights of stairs, 90 steps? No lift. But think of the exercise! The receptionist was a charming you lady who acknowledged that my room was pre-paid, but wanted a deposit of £20 pounds. ' Do you have a bar?' I asked, she shook her head, they did not sell anything either, so I was somewhat confused as to why a deposit was required. Apparently so was the receptionist, but I gave a her a credit card authorisation due to now wishing to hang about arguing as I prepared for the climb to my room. Luckily I had a good backpack and boots. When I reached the room it seemed a bit dim, I reached for the light to switch it on and it became completely dark, I switched it back…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or130-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel ever, and I travel a lot!",We arrived early in the morning and left our bags in the baggage room and left for the day.   Upon returning at about 9:00pm we spoke to the front desk and were given our room key and told how to get to our room. 86 stairs later (no lift) we got to our room and put our very tired son to sleep.   A bit later we were all very cold and realized the radiator was not working. We took the one extra blanket out f the wardrobe and cuddled under it.   By morning there was still no heat and when we went to shower there was nothing but VERY cold water. We left the water running for 10 minutes hoping it would warm up but it never did.   We went to breakfast (mediocre at best) and asked at the front desk about the heat and hot water. We were told they were aware of the issue and we were…,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or130-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we have ever stayed in!!,"We did not feel the hotel even compared to a basic hostel in terms of facilities, space and cleanliness.  I appreciate that you pay more in London but I'm certain that soapy water and clean towels (preferably not soaked in urine as we had on arrival) cost the same anywhere.  To a friend, if they were considering staying here, I would say just save your money and stay at a hostel, or pay more elsewhere if you want any comfort.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or130-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I thought,"Well, I must say that by looking at the reviews I was afraid of going to this hotel. Thing is, when we got there (we stayed a week) it was much better than I thought. Ours was a quadruple room on the ground floor. It was large enough, with a loft, although no cupboard. The bathroom was small but clean. They said that they changed the towels everyday but it wasn't true, they just folded them. The staff was helpful, although not very polite. At the end if you are looking for a place to sleep and you are out all day it's pretty good considering the price. I would eat breakfast elsewhere though.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or130-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother.,"Queued forever to checkin, was asked for my passport!, being  UK citizen I don't normally carry it, I was then asked for a£20 deposit in case I stole the tv or something (see photos of tv I've thrown better ones away), room on 3rd floor, wheezing a bit by the time I got there, the room is basic, mcbasic winner of last years most basic room contest, cleanish but dirty marks on walls, nasty crack in ceiling,  bathroom sink and toilet cistern both chipped, rust on corner of shower tray, I should have charged them for me staying there, my company booked this for me & I'll be having words.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or130-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but average","We stayed here one night, two adults and two kids, aged 5 and 10. At this price range it was OK. If you are looking for a budget hotel, this is as good as any. The breakfast is th ordinary with diluted orange juice, but decent.  We have tried worse hotels in the area. The best hotels at this price is found in areas less central. But if you are just looking for a place to sleep, and are not to picky about some patches in the carpet it is alright!",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or135-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Nice staff not a great hotel,I stayed in this hotel last week. Once I arrived was greeted by the receptionist. she was very pleasant. She told me where my room was and told me there was no lift. I am in my 60's and have had a few heart problems before so i was very unhappy with the fact that I had to walk up 4 flights of stairs with all my luggage and no one to help me. Nearly fainted as I reached my room and it was very warm that day. I complained to the receptionist and she told me she would leave a note for the manager. They kept moving my room but this didn't help as i had to walk up all these stairs again The manager seemed to brush off my compliant and did not bother telling me that he had another hotel 2 minutes walk from this hotel that would be more suitable for me as it had a lift. I wouldn't stay…,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or135-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap and Nasty.  Wait, only Nasty.","Cheap and nasty.  Problem was that it wasn't at all Cheap.  I had a little room somewhere between the first and second floors on a staircase landing, the room was barely the size of the bed.  The door did not open fully. In all fairness, the room had its own bathroom which itself was almost the same size as the room itself.  Further, in all fairness, the room itself was not filty, though there was no room at all to move particularly when your one small suitcase was in the room itself.  You could hear everyone walking up and down the stairs.  Breakfast itself was acceptable, the usual assortment of low value continental items.  There are nearby Tesco, Sainsburys, (they open at 07.00) even a Russian shop (Kalinka) where you can get your own food and make it in the microwave. …",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or135-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, pleasant, cheap, adequate","Stayed 2 nights, was worried because of bad reviews, but it found it perfectly adequate. Basic, but clean, pleasant and satisfactory if  you literally want a bed and a breakfast. Nice area, very convenient for buses, - (took bus straight into central London.) and about 10-15 min walk to underground. Ensuite room and bedding were clean and towels changed daily. Room was interesting being a small single with a mezzanine containing a double bed - ceiling quite low above bed!!  However beds were comfortable. Staff were pleasant, 24 hour reception, wifi in lobby area and helpful leaflets and maps available. Reasonable choice of items for breakfast. Close to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park - both great for a walk. Plenty of bars, pubs and restaurants within walking distance, but…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or135-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away!,"We were met by a man who was more interested in playing on the computer than welcoming us to the hotel. When we checked in there was a man asking if they could turn the heat up at their room, but all they got from the receptionist was "" That's not my job...""  When we got to our room it was freezing. So that explained what we had heard from this other man in the lobby earlier.   The service was terrible during the entire stay. And there was no smiles from any staff member. We simply didn't feel very welcome.. And we're definetly never going back to this hotel.   Three out of four electrical outputs didn't work, the phone didn't work, the shower cabinet and toilet was broken, and there was some nasty stains on the floor. If you really want to stay in the Bayswater area, you should…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or135-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",london trip,The Hotel was ok. The location was very good lots going on around and easy reach of the underground. the price was very good and it was cheaper to stay over rather than get the early train. Breakfast was basic but nice eat as much as you like. The coffee was cold and the orange juice was not good. The tv was broken but for a bed for the night in london i was happy.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or140-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very Basic,"If you don't expect too much you will not be disappointed. Very small bathroom, lovely to wake up to a hot shower in the morning, you will NOT get one of those here. Bed sheets threadbare, lots of holes. These clearly had not been changed from previous occupants, there were several long black hairs in both single beds. The mezzanine sleeping area is reasonable large with a double and single bed, only suitable if you are under 4ft tall and there is no head height. Lots of banging doors throughout the night. Did not encounter staff other than receptionist, she was pleasant. Cannot comment on the breakfast as we did not bother to go. Other guests were sitting in the stairwells as that was the only area that picked up the wifi.  On their website they mentioned that it has recently…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or140-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible place, rude staff","The pictures of the website are far from reality. The rooms are poky and small. The towels and bed sheets are old and rough to feel. The wifi that they claim to have is in the lounge are only, apparently. The lounge is not really one to speak of. The staff are so rude, do not expect a smile. Stay an extra 10 minutes in the room and they threaten to charge you extra.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or140-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Best low cost hotel I have ever stayed in in this area of London. Nice room and bathroom, clean and well maintained. Nice continental breakfast and friendly staff. Was upgraded from a single room to larger room with mezzanine sleeping area.Nice! Great value for money.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or140-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Traveler Be Warned!!,My suitcase was rifled through and two valuables were stolen during my stay.    When I called to speak to the Manager I was just screamed at and verbally attacked. He was not even willing to talk to me about it at all.   What else is there to say?,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or140-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but basic,"Clean rooms but small and basic. No toiletries in the room and sometimes there's no hot water. Close walk from the Bayswater tube station.  Warning - wifi is only available in the lobby! You can't get it in the rooms :-( There isn't a lift. The receptionists aren't very friendly. If you're looking for a cheap place to stay and you will only be in the hotel to sleep, then this hotel is ideal. If you're looking for comfort try somewhere else.  ",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or145-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",An honest Review,"A Hurst My family and I stayed here on the 25th of Feb 2013 for one night. I booked this through Lastminuet .com over the phone so I had no preconceived idea what it was like apart from the rep telling me it had good reports. I booked two rooms one for my wife and I and one for my 19 year old daughter the total cost was £100 for bed and continental breakfast. We were met by a very helpful lady by the name of tee (sorry if I spelled it wrong) she issued us with our TV remote and keys, (only one has the other was lost) we did a search of the room but could not find it. Tee did offer to change our room but we declined has we were not interested in watching TV,  Our rooms which was No 101 and 102 which each contained 2x single beds as you walked into the room. There was also 1x…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or145-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap But Certainly Not Cheerful!,"Great location on one of those huge old squares between cosmopolitan, bustling Bayswater & interesting Westbourne Park BUT what a tired and shabby place this is!   Our room was right at the top of the building (no lift) and although it was a decent size with an extra single bed, everything was down-at-heel and sad.  No saucers with the coffee cups, poor quality tea/coffeel stuff, cheap soap, thin pillows and an incredibly lumpy bed, due to mismatched mattress supports on a wonky floor.  Although 'continental breakfast' was included in the booking (choose your time on checking in as long its before 9.30) the prospect of cheap cereal and undoubtedly cardboard toast was not sufficient for us to haul down numerous flight of stairs to a basement and back to the top floor to bother…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or145-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",The customer is always wrong,"I'm cheating a little as - due to the woeful customer service at this place we didn't actually get to spend the night here. Flew in to Heathrow and due to some horrendous delays on the tube (not advertised until we'd got on - should've got the heathrow express :-( ) we were running very late. We knew about the 23:00 reception closure so phoned from Earls Court at 22:50 to appologise for being late and to ask please if they'd stay open for another 5 or 10 minutes. Rather frosty lady on the other end said no, 23:00 sharp no exceptions - come back in the morning.. I mentioned that we we're travelling with a 5 year old but that cut no ice either. My partner tried calling back to try to foster so sisterly support but they were having none of it at wouldn't answer the call made at…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or145-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!!,"Had booked a double room then got to our room to find three single beds. Then said about It and they gave us a family room. The en-suite was disgusting. Found people's used soap bars in shower, the toilet wasn't fixed to the floor, marks up the walls and it smelt like it hadn't been cleaned for weeks! Good location I must say but the hotel it's self was very poor and I would not consider going back or advise anyone to stay there! ",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or145-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never not ever again no matter what,"at first glance it seemed to be OK at the reception, my room was pre-paid but at the point where they said that they needed to take a £20 pre-authorisation ""in case of damage to the room"" really got me thinking 2 things.  Firstly if they take a £20 deposit from each guest they must ""expect"" the rooms to be damaged by their clientèle, not somewhere that id choose to stay if my fellow guests are likely to damage their rooms.  secondly, if they only take £20 then they must be assuming this is the maximum amount of damage that could be done to the rooms?   Having stayed their I think that I would struggle to do more that £20 damage to the rooms so I guess they are right...........................  The room itself was a double & single combined, one single bed on the lower part of…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or150-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",never return again,"We booked this hotel as we were only staying one night, wanted cheap but clean accommodation and somewhere comfy to lay our heads. What an absolute disgrace. DO NOT be fooled by the price or the pictures on the website - its all lies. We were in the grubby basement, with dirty paintwork, panels coming of woodwork, towels that were frayed at the end (look about 10years old),  mould covering the bottom of the door on the shower - rendering it unusable in my opinion. After having a quick look at the breakfast room we decided to definitely not eat there for breakfast and checked out very early. The receptionist and other staff were not particularly friendly or welcoming and struggled with basic english, making it impossible to point us in the right direction for tourist spots and…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or150-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be fooled by the price!!!,"We booked this hotel because it was cheaper than others but we were very sorry afterwards. On arrival the receptionist's english was very sparse and she couldn't advise us on basic issues such as where to park. The room was very small, rundown and dirty. When we opened the bed it was clear that it hadn't been changed as there were long black hairs on the pillows and sheets!! The TV didn't work and we were covered in bites the next morning. We went down to breakfast (hardboiled eggs, cold meats, peanut butter and toast) 15 minutes before the end but the staff started removing the food and coffee 3 minutes before breakfast time was over - we had to beg for a second cup of coffee!!  Take our advise - don't go to this hotel - you'll regret it as we did!  Pay a bit more for a lot…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or150-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not going back,"We stayed on the 31st December,  The area was nice but the hotel was awful the beds are so uncomfy...the base should also be thrown out due to the fact they are disgusting in the 3 single beds room, we had a bathroom the Toliet was fine, the shower well you can't really call it a shower all you got is a drop and you couldn't really make it faster, also on the edge of it was broke, yes as people said before their is alot of stairs we were at the top,  you can't watch the TV as it frezzes all the time so you can't have sound in the back round while getting ready and the kettle we had to put it on the floor to use it because they have a funny room layout   I wouldn't tell my friends or family to book this hotel we will be booking somewhere better next year ",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or150-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Just okay.,"The service was rude, the rooms were just okay. Kind of dirty. We were on the fourth floor (third) and the stairways were very long. I would not stay again. Location was about 10 minutes from bayswater tube stop.       ",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or150-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You'll get what you pay for,"Me and my friend stayed here for three nights where the main activity was shopping, so be chose this hotel based on our needs; a bed, a shower and roof over our head. We arrived a bit late so we had a little trouble of finding it. The room was small, but it fulfilled our needs. The only thing to complain about is the stairs, it's with carpet and you can get a feeling where you down have a grip on it and that makes it heavy to walk on. Breakfast was included, was OK, just what you will find in your own fridge, maybe ur own will be better.. There's shops bearly 5 min walk away, and up the street you'll find the tube. Had to change tube 1 time to get to central line, but with daypass it went smoothly, and with short waiting time. Would stay here again if the price is still the…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or155-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",ok for budget accommodation,"Stayed here recently for one night, requested a double room for 2 people with continental breakfast.  The hotel was a little hard to find from the tube station but we made it, check in was easy and the man at the desk was friendly.  No lifts in the hotel so had to climb 4 flights of stairs with our luggage, I'd say this hotel is not good for people with walking difficulties.  Room was really big, we had a double bed and a single bed, bathroom with a shower.  The room was very basic and clean if a bit smelly.  The bed was comfy enough and it was quiet, we slept well.  Breakfast was very basic but edible.  Overall not bad for budget accommodation.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or155-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay.,We stay in this hotel for three days. The room was clean but small; the breakfast was adequate. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Good price for the service we received.,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or155-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, poor hotel","The location is really excellent and the hotel is clean. Unfortunately we had given a room on the last floor and we had to climb four flights of stairs because there was no elevator ! I didn't find this information of your website, otherwise I would not have booked your hotel because of health problems. The room was very small and it was hard to take a shower as there was little water coming out. We asked to change the room and we got a nice room on ground floor only the last night of our stay. I don't think I will book your hotel again...",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or155-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend trip,"A very british hotel.  The room was very basic and rather cold.  Also, our room was on the top floor and the hotel didn't have a lift  =(",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or155-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",AppAULING,Did not have a welcoming entrance.was told needed to give £20 deposit on arrival..did not get the deposit back on departure.. was told it would be back in my account that day..that is theft..breakfast was ok. But dining area was hot n sweaty. All in all will not be staying there again ,Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or160-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what u pay for,Well worth staying for a cheap stay in London! Train station very close by. Rooms are very standard and deco could do with a bit of a repaint but you get what you pay for......breakfast is very standard but again your getting what you pay for.. I would stay again. Hyde Park is only a five min walk from the palace court hotel..we walked through Hyde park which is very pleasant and came out more or less facing Harrods.. Be warned tho it is a bit of a walk..,Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or160-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Grim. No signs of renovation,"Grim. A depressing experience. Rather shabby. The paint is peeling off the outside walls. The room is sparse with cheap furniture and a DIY carpet. Just a single light in the centre of the ceiling. No table lamp. Really old, tiny and noisy TV. The towel rail was loose, the tiles in the shower were cracked and there was no plug for the basin. I asked for a plug but no one was willing to help. It makes washing difficult!! I can't recommend it...",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or160-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",short stay with friends,"me and my three friends hade a room for one night. it was very easy to check in, the room was clean, the breakfast was okey, we are more than pleased with the stay since it was so cheap! ",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or160-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Below basic, even for £41 a night","This was a particularly dire choice of accommodation on my part. As many other reviews have said, the Palace Court is most definitely hostel grade (however I have stayed in hostels that were cleaner and more welcoming than this). Room was tiny, grotesque basin in the room, bars on the window and generally shabby. I had asked for a quiet a room as possible - however I was placed in one of the basement rooms directly underneath the reception. On the whole I would advise anybody against using this facility.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or160-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Overall, a glorified hostel but I'd probably go here again","We got the tube to Bayswater Station and it was a little hard to find the hotel as the directions and street signs are a bit confusing! But, it's about 7mins walk from Bayswater.   Arrival was fine and the three person room was slightly odd with an internal stairs up to the double bed! This was slightly dangerous and inconvenient at night if you needed to use the bathroom! It was early February and the rooms did seem very cold/damp even with an electric heater in the room. It was very convenient to nice pubs and eateries.   Breakfast the following morning was in the basement and it was continental breakfast.   Overall, it  was a pleasent experience but no more than we paid for! Wifi wasn't freely available in the hotel and I think we had the tail end of it because we were in a…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or165-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and basic,"I needed a cheap hotel close to Paddington, and the Palace Court ticked both boxes. It's a budget hotel in every way - cheap, and really not very nice. Felt like more like a hostel than a hotel. My single room was small, basic, had a grubby carpet, bars on the window, and a view over a filthy little basement courtyard. But on the positive side, the shower was very good. Everything felt just a bit grubby. The only hotel I've ever stayed where there was no shampoo or shower gel provided.  Perhaps just about acceptable given the low price (for London anyway) - but reception didn't even have any for sale, so it was fortunate that there was a Sainsbury's Local just up the road! The breakfast room was particularly unpleasant - a windowless basement room, with very basic canteen-type…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or165-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Endurance Test,"I had the misfortune of staying at this hotel for five nights last week.  My room was no bigger than the width of two single beds.  I had to leave my suitcase in the bathroom.  There was a draft through the window next to my bed and the noise was terrible.  There was a glass panel at the top of my bedroom wall, so the room was light all the time.  The TV was minute and I couldnt watch the tv in bed as it was like watching a negative, so I had to sit up causing backache.   I complained about the draft and was told I would have to pay an extra £60 to move to another room.  Having started a new job in London, I was left feeling exhausted and stressed.  It would more like an endurance test than a restful experience.  I feel as though they should have paid me for staying there, not…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or165-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",not even value for money,stayed at this hotel for 4 nights could not stand another night. People were nice and that basically it. walls were paper thin furniture was 1980 cheap mfi crap. head board broken mirror broken bathroom stunk had a saniflow system that winas so noisy when another room used theres it sounded like a masonery drill. continenta l breakfast was fine.  The room rate advertised for this hotel on late rooms is normally 250 pound. They must be joking. it was not expensive but I have stayed in much better places for the same amount of money... They decor is dated and walls heavly marked. It was however clean I will give them that,Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or165-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent use of space,"A nice little hotel a few minutes walk from Notting Hill Gate tube station.  The rooms were clean and the staff friendly.  There were four of us in a quad room and we were impressed with the use of space.  A pair of twin beds adorned the room, with stairs up to a balcony with a double bed. Perfect for what we needed.    The place was quiet,clean and well appointed.  i liked it and will try and stay again.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or165-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Woke up with ticks in my bed, and bites all over!","I thought the place was ok, seemed like it was simple and clean, nothing fancy, but will do! But after sleeping for about 20 min, i was awoken with about 8 bites on my hand (that hurt for the next week) and other bites on my body. I turned on the light, and the bed was crawling with ticks. I have never seen these kind of ticks before, they were nasty! The hotel put us in another room for the night, as it was past midnight, but I couldn't sleep, as there was noise from the neighbors. I had to throw away my pyjamas and the hotel didnt give us a re-fund.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or170-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Hygiene forsaken wasteland!!!!,The staff are rude and LAZY and could not care less. Can not emphasise enough how slack people are in this place....they should be embarrassed!!!,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or170-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",I would rather sleep rough.,"Received a less than friendly welcome after arriving 30 minutes early to check in.   My room was pokey. Very pokey. Cleanliness wasn't great either; found a very ling hair in the sink, and another hair in my tea cup. The bed was bumpy and very uncomfortable. There was a small tv in the room, but bizarrely could  only pick up bbc news channel 5 and qvc.    Breakfast was included in the price of the room, but I opted out of that, as I wasn't told where it was or what time, and after the hairs in my room, I thought it would be better to eat out.  The only saving grace for this hotel is it's location in central London. ",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or170-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute Flea Bag Hotel,"Stayed overnite in this Hotel on a recent trip to London.  Hotel was terrible by North American Standards.  No toiletries, stained carpets, paint peeling off the walls, holes in the walls, cheap fiberboard furniture, cigarette burns in the bed sheets.  Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in.  Would have rather slept in the rental car.  Save your money and stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or170-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stay out - Bedbugs!!!,"The only good thing about the hotel is that it's very close to a nice pub. But I really want to urge you to choose another hotel. The first night, we found bed bugs in one of the beds. This has caused some serious problems for us after returning home (since we have to try and kill the possible bug infestation in the bags - if it spreads trough the bedroom, it will be very hard and expensive to get rid of). The rooms (we were moved to a new one after the first night) were quite dirty, and the toilets had no sound proofing, which might be okay if you're alone in the room, but is otherwise quite disgusting.  So, my advice to you is; Get another hotel! You really don't want to bring bedbugs into your house.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or170-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Go!,Possibly the worst hotel at any price that I have stayed in  (and I've made more than a dozen trips to the U.K) in the last 10 years.   Furniture and beds a disgrace; carpets stained and dirty - halls narrow (this has to be a fire hazard)..Street noise plentiful....Have stayed in better hostels -- but this cost me 110GBP....Amazing...  Only good thing was getting out and going to interesting restaurants in Bayswater..,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or175-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay at this hotel !!,"Worst B&B, I have ever experienced for the money we paid. Didnt even serve orange juice for breakfast, instead they served a horrible watered down artificially flavored something that was undrinkable - everything so cheap that it was lousy. Staff did not understand english or could not care less.  DO NOT STAY at this hotel - you should be able to do much better elsewhere for the same money.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or175-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bug and evidence of rodents......do not stay here,Stayed for 2 nights on business - the bed was full of creepy crawlies. There were mouse traps in the rooms. Worst hotel I have ever been in!,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or175-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Our memory of London will be the terrible Palace Court ""Hotel""","We were picked up in Heathrow T3 by hotel transportation, a car without AC.  The driver tried to charge us 50£ instead of the 35£ i promised on their homepage. We settled on 45£ because i had no written confirmation for 35£. The room booked was 3 beds for 3 adults £ 434 /4 nights, the room we got  had 1 single bed and 1 slightly larger single bed, claimed to be a doubble bed. Way too small for 2 Swedish adults.   Homepage of the hotel claims ""The Palace Court Hotel is a newly refurbished thirty eight bedroom hotel""!? I guess you can call it refurbished in Pakistan or India but in Europe we call it a filth infested dump not fit for humans !!!   The furniture was the kind you find in a rubbish dump. The carpet was probably coming from a stable. The curtains was stained with dirt.…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or175-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rather Disappointing,http://www.palacecourthotel.com/  The website makes this hotel out to be posh but the reality is very differant. Obvious who deigned that website has intended to make the hotel look amazing!  I paid £79 for 1 night being 28/5/11 as I am a Manchester United fan attending the Champions League Final with barcelona. The main problem with the hotel is that the room I was given was rather small probably 6 foor by 4. The room had a tv mounted on the wall but no remote control so I had to stand on the bed to use the buttons on the tv to change the channel.  The bed was too hard and I didnt have a good night sleep. Bed had no duvet just 1 blanket with a throw over. I felt bit cold at night. Im just glad I the only time I was in the room was just for sleeping.  Too many other guests…,Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or175-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Completely over prized and no service,"We are so sorry, that we did not read the reviews before our stay at this over prized and awful hotel. We have stayed at many different hotels all over the world - and this is the first time that we have experienced such a bad hotel at a quite expensive rate. Also, the service was absolutely non-existing. We reported several problems to the staff, but everyone just pushed the responsibility to the next one. The hotel should be closed - DON´T stay here.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or180-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Revolting rooms, service and breakfast.","I have been given a room measuring 2m x 3m covered in ageing linen, dirty basin and broken mirror. To get to the room I had to descend into the basement and climb over big blue bags with the hotel's spare linen. I've been lured into booking this hotel because of the low rate, but have been staying in several hotels at the same rate that are considerably more presentable.  I had to endure three prepaid nights here, and not once had my towel been changed or towel changed. Reception is unhelpful to say the least.   I stay in a different hotel every week, and have never been so moved as to actually write a review. This hotel should be reported to the authorities.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or180-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",not always the stars show that what it really is...,"clean, comfortable, good staff for two-star hotel. very convenient location P.S. just a little choice for breakfast :))",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or180-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Rat poison for breakfast, sir?","I stayed in this hotel for one night on a business trip, thinking it would be reasonably cheap and well placed.  The location was fine, felt fairly safe but not very attractive area. Bedsit city, really!   The hotel was basic, as expected, but I didn't sleep well as the mattress appeared to have collapsed.   There was rat poison in the corner of the breakfast room, which was rather off putting! The bread for toast was frozen, there was just watered down lemon or blackcurrant squash and no juice and instant coffee.The bran flakes dispenser was broken meaning it was cornflakes or muesli or nothing!   There are so many budget hotels in this area that I would recommend you look eslewhere as there must be better ones than this!",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or180-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS AND MICE INFESTED - PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE,"I stayed in this hotel at the beginning of October last year and it was by far the worst hotel experience of my life. Having stayed in many hostels I'm not a fussy guy, but this was hurrendous.   First off the room was tiny, however I'm not complaining about that as the price I paid I didn't expect much. My main problem is the health and safety standards and the rude and obnoxious staff.  After watching a mouse run across my room I headed straight to reception to complain. All the receptionist did was to laugh and say I shouldn't worry about mice. After an argument he moved me to a different room. In accordance with the rest of the hotels standards I guess it was predictable that the room was infested with bed bugs.  I yet again complained to receptionist, but as the hotel was…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or180-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",OMG I honestly expected to see Kate Adie,"Where on earth do we start. Upon arrival we were greeted by what can only be discribed as a character from Shameless, it was at this point looking back we really feel we should have left. However we didn't :-( We were shown to our ""holding pen"" and due to the lack of space we had to place our bags on the desk that immediatley crumbled under the slight weight. My partner decided to check out the bathroom only to discover a scene not unlike those published of the competitors accomadation for the Indian commonwealth games...infact maybe this is where they got their inspiration. Whilst standing in the shower I noticed rather a fine gourmet selection of fungi sprouting from the bottom of the shower tray and finally the mirror on the wall was obviously taken from the wing mirror of a…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or185-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all cost!!!,"Stay await from this hotel! It should be closed asap by UK authorities... I have stayed a dozen of times in London for business trips but in January 2010, all the hotels I usually stay in the Bayswater area were unexpectedly full or expensive. To my greatest regret I picked the Palace Court Hotel in a hurry, through a combined Eurostar train+ hotel booking. The hotel was dreadful, the tinest rooms ever (6m2 tops, bathroom included). There were BED BUGS (I got three bites on my arm!)...In one word: a nightmare for the hostelling sector. Avoid, avoid, avoid.",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or185-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Several awful conditions, stay away!","I stayed at the Palace Court Hotel in the midst of the snow chaos in the days before the christmas of 2010. Unfortunately the London hotels were overflooded by delayed travellers like myself and so this was the only hotel I found to be available online. I have stayed in severa hotels in the bayswater area before but I have never come across something as repulsing as this hotel. First of all I had problems fitting myself into the single room. There was no chair to sit on, only a tiny bed surrounded by shelves so nowhere to lean and relax without laying down on the hard bed. The toilet made a lot of noice when used and I barely fit in under the shower. The oven did not warm the room up to an acceptable degree and I was left freezing, in turn giving me a cold when I returned back…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or185-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Wish we had turned around and left,"I booked this room because it was close to Portabello Road and I wanted to get there early, I wish we had left when we checked in.  I was not expecting the height of luxury when I booked this hotel but what we found was horrible.  The first room we were put in reeked of cigarette smoke sending my husband into an almost immediate asthma attack and even making it difficult for me the breath, the shower had missing grout and was moldy.  My husband called the desk and they offered us a different room, it was in the basement smelled better and so we took it, we should have left.  First the rooms were not as described, we booked a double room and the description says that the rooms have desk in them.  While this does not scream huge it suggest the rooms are decent in size.  NOT the…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or185-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Incredibly misleading and over priced for the horrible room,We booked this hotel because we knew the area.  The price was absurd for the room that we got.  We stayed right in central Dublin during the days prior and paid less and stayed in one of the nicest hotels we'd been in during out 6 weeks in Europe.  We got to the room and it was small and dirty and smelled horrible.  The shower was disgusting.  I would never suggest anyone stay at this hotel.  We left and found a new hotel.  Do not stay in this hotel.  Their web site was the most misleading.  And the newly renovated hotel was clearly still being renovated with all of the crap that was sprawled throughout the hall way.,Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or185-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Its not that bad,  you get what you pay for","I stayed here with my girlfriend as I booked a theater show for the night and made sense to in london as we both don't live in london. The price was satisfactory and surprisingly cheap compared to other hotels within there standard. As I booked it directly from there website (Not lastmin, Late Rooms, Room reservation etc. Booking directly can be cheaper than price comparison websites) I did not realise so many people left BAD comments especially about BED BUGS!! By this time i had already booked it . But lucky the bed were clean, new in-fact and changed everyday. Our view was good over looking a private park!! Breakfast ok. So on the whole a nice stay. If you you staying with friends here it may not be as good. Maybe the rooms are better for couples, also this area (Baywater)…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or190-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel EVER,Where to start??  Reservation mess-up.  No apologies from staff.  Noisy neighborhood at night.  Dirty room--I wiped down the wall myself because it was so disgusting.  Rude staff.  Internet access was a joke.  Description we read on booking.com said it was newly remodeled.  WHEN?  Luckily we only stayed two nights.  Never again.,Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or190-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",stay away,we never got any bites as on arrival we went an got a heavy duty plastic dust sheet to put on the broken staind bed .we checked in at one oclock dragged our bags up to the top floor to be meet by oh my god a bed that was broken an had brown stains all over it the walls were dirty the carpet was dirty an had someones toe nails on it the bathroom was like a very used public toilet the shower had brown mold .when i asked the front desk if this room had been cleaned she said she had made a mistake an to leave our bags an she would have it cleaned we returned later with heavey heart an a plastic dust sheet to find the room in the same state nothing had been done .we went back down stairs to where the manager was an got him up to see the room .humm rose coloured specs although it was…,Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or190-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Verry bad hotel!!! bedbugs&mousse see it for yourself my pictures....,Verry bad hotel palace court hotel bayswater london. staff was not friendly&hygiene was terrible ask the people to change the beds in our 5 minute stay allready itches my butt on the bed. the room service is bad they only make up the bed but not change it!  my gilfriend was bitten by bedbugs a couple a days later they got me now we taking those bugs to our home and still got bitten every night i dont know if they are fleas or whatever is in that hotel.The breakfast in the morning its open for 2 hours the woman that runs the place  there is a total  not friendly at all. She closes the door while your eating and dont let others in when she thinks is to late and you can not finish your meal when the 2 hours are over staff is not friendy owner i thinks is pakistan or something and…,Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or190-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE,"I had a reservation for the weekend of the volcan issue (April 16th) and obviously my flight was cancelled. I didn't have enough time (48h as stablished for the most of the hotels) to cancel my reservation and they charged 100% of the stay at the hotel. It was no way no reach a mutual agreement for both parts... I do not recomend this hotel to anybody. This weekend, I went  to London and I stayed in another one...",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or190-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"We booked at this hotel before reading the many negative reviews and were extremely concerned once we had read them. We found the service very friendly and the general cleanliness great. What must be taken into consideration is that this hotel is exactly what it says it is - a budget hotel. As such, to expect fancy frills etc is unrealistic. It serves its purpose and is clean. The breakfast was fresh and the dining and kitchen areas spotless. The hotel is situated conveniently near to two underground stations making access to the city a pleasure. We certainly recommend this as a great place for a London stop over.",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or195-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",absolutely awful !!!!!,"this hotel was awful to stay in , when i booked i was told it was 4 star , this wasnt even a 1 star , it was dirty, over priced (£125) it wasnt very safe at all , the draws had handels missing and screws hanging out , i would never reccomend this to anyone , if you ask me it needs closing down ,",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or195-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely worst place on the planet - disgusting,"Had to find somewhere quick & cheap for one night because of snow-bound airport in December. Hurriedly found this on Last Minute, WISH we had read reviews first. How on earth did this place get any stars let alone 2? It was unwelcoming, cold, and very basic. The badly spelt notices on front desk should have been a clue! As a family of 5 we had alot of luggage,but had to drag it 2 & 3 storeys up to our rooms (they knew we were a family but still gave us rooms on different floors). Smell hit us first, our children's room stunk of stale smoke & shower/toilet was a heady mix of mould and sewage. Carpets were stained & threadbare, only a bare lightbulb in the rooms. We left immediately, Don't expect to get a refund, guy on front desk wasn't bothered that we were leaving. Dept of…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or195-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Claiming about bedbugs or fleas,"I stayed in this hotel with my sister during 2 nights (december the 12th and december the 13 th) in room 106. I splept upstair and I was bited by a lot of bedbugs. I have always a lot of piqures on my face and arms. I visited several doctors in France and it is very difficult to make them disappear. Moreover, it itches a lot. Then even if this hotel wasn't so bad and above all in a very nice district, I can just advice people not to stay there because of these damages. Caming back for 10 days, I have always medicines to be taken. Doctors I have visited told me these kinds of insects are there because of a problem of hygiene.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or195-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",No Wildlife Spotted but Stay Away!,"Sure wish I had found these reviews before booking.   We just got back yesterday after spending six nights at this motel.  We felt like ditching it as soon as we got there but just managed to spend alot of time away from it.    We had a 4th floor (no elevator) triple room with three beds squeezed in, one picture on the wall.   One bare lightbulb fixture lit the whole room, no glasses, no shampoo, no chest of drawers, you can't dial out on the phone and there was no phone book (or even bible) shower stall only with water that barely had enough force to rinse hair.   Breakfast consisted of cold cereal, toast/jam/butter, hard boiled eggs, cheese, beverages.  Be sure not to wear your pajama bottoms down to the breakfast lounge.   Lobby consisted of one small sofa about 20' from the…",Date of stay: November 2009,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or195-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stolen in Palace Court Hotel,"The familyroom was small, as well as the breakfastroom. Some people was not be able to have breakfast. At the last day we leave the suitcase at the reception for a few houres. BIG MISTAKE !!  When we came back, suitcase was gone!! Stolen!! Good advice? Avoid this place!!",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or200-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs!!,"3 of us stayed in this hotel, we each came home with approx 200 bites from bedbugs. It has been awful, we still have bad scarring 2 months later.  We have had to fumegate all our 3 households, as we found we had taken the bugs home.  It has been both costly and time consuming. I dont think 1 bed bug could have managed this, i think there must have been a true infestation. We have had no response from the hotel at all, but the online booking agent refunded our stay but only after we had to take photograph of all our bites.  On top of this the hotel had old carpets etc lying in the corridors and in front of the fire exits, I am wondering if those were from bed-bugs infested rooms. YUCK!! dont stay here!",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or200-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place at all costs,"Terrible, terible hotel - Booked through lastminute as just needed a bed for the night at a good rate and this was the cheapest (although still £55).  Room (B4) was tiny, filthy and noisy - I got to listen to the water pipes all night.  The 'shared facilities' means that you stay in the basement and the toilet is three floors above you.  No lampshades, a broken mirror, no plug in the sink, stains on the carpet and a telly that couldn't pick up any stations!  I don't know when they got their 2 stars but I'm guessing the hotel hasn't been cleaned since. Next time, I'll pay the extra £20 for a 'top secret' 4 Star.",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or200-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",i love this hotel at any case...!!!,first the staff wrer very helpfull and very nice serving thier customer veri good breackfast  what more i say i can't finshed very reasonble price good location we travel alot i will go evry time to this hotel whenever i come to london..thank you for your all guys...,Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or200-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never under any circumstances stay here,"Where to begin - nothing like the pictures and information on their website, rude, ignorant, unhelpful and unfriendly staff, strangers to the concept of customer care. No indication beforehand we would be expected to use debit card to provide £20 room deposit (I think, wasn't explained, wouldn't give me the key without it) on top of already having paid for the room, wouldn't accept cash, no explanation. Dingy dirty room with curious 'mezzanine' arrangement on which the double bed was located, I'm 5ft 1 and still constantly banged my head it was so near the ceiling, steep stairs with unsecured rail on one side, difficult to negotiate for some (hotel notified beforehand we had a disabled member of the family). Single bed very hard and uncomfortable. Shower unusable it was so hot,…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or200-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Bring your marigolds,Stayed here for 1 night with 4 friends; we got a quad room which was tiny and had a sort of upstairs extension built on; I couldn't stand up straight up straight.  Brief inspection showed room was dirty and dated; beds hadn't been changed and mine had crumbs in it. Not a good sign. Limescale all over shower screen and the shower itself was grotty with a dead spider in a web peeking on me as I had a shower.   Breakfast was rubbish; would recommend a McDonald's which is a 5 minute walk away.  For 1 night it was bearable as we only needed a kip for the night but please spent a bit extra and get a clean room.,Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or205-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",If you can't find anything cheaper ...,"If you really want somewhere just to sleep and are not fussy, go for it!  Had a triple room with not much room.  Sheets clean but was glad I brought my own antibacterial wipes (after reading reviews!) to clean the bathroom before I would let my daughters use it.   Not suitable for romantic getaway.  Generally very basic - don't expect too much.  Worst thing = lady in charge of breakfast.  She spoke to guests like they were school children, proper school ma'am! Brekky is from 7.30-9.30.  We arrived at 9.00 only to be told (sorry, ordered) to wait outside coz there were no tables free.  She then said we could sit at separate tables.  When I said we wanted to sit together, she  said that was not a good idea because breakfast finishes at 9.30!!  I told her ""breakfast finishes when…",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or205-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",There really is a mouse and it is still there!,"Despite some of the horrible reviews, we decided to still stay and check the hotel out. There was 8 of us and we shared two rooms. At first it was ""cute"" in its own way. We felt like we were in a dolly house. There was no room for anything so we felt congested. However on the second to last day we saw a mouse run straight across the room! and went back under the bed. We told the receptionist to which we got a ""ok we call someone"".  The next morning one of our members awoke to find rat CRAP under her pillow. Breakfast was not bad however since we stayed there for a week we got turned off of boiled eggs.. (there is noo change! same breakfast every morning!). There was internet which is a plus. Very good area.",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or205-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",A mouse ate my cookies,The room was tiny. There was only space for the bed. The shower head and toilet flush didn´t work properly. There was an unpleasant smell of mold and dust in the room. Our bedsheets were not changed for the three nights we stayed at the hotel. But the worse was that I woke up with the sound of a mouse eating my cookies after ripping the plastic bag.,Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or205-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good Deal,"If you want to stay close to Bayswater cool area, this is perfect. Close, clean, nice staff and at good price. Rooms are a very small, but are you going to stay in your room?",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or205-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",terrible!!!!!,even did not get to go to the hotel because the manager is terrible! rude and incompetent person! don't stay in this hotel!,Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or210-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get better than you pay for!,"This is a very cheap hotel, what can you expect for the price? the room was lovely, and we had ensuite. The staff are friendly to you, if you take the time to be friendly to them too! it's a two-way street! You have to remember that they are foreign and a lot of people are ignorant towards them so they tend to stay quiet! the room was relatively clean, and the breakfast was better than expected! I've paid more for rooms where i've received a bread roll passed off as a 'continental breakfast'. Here, we got a choice of cereal, toast with jams, boiled eggs and cheese also juice and tea/coffee.  i stayed with my two young children and my mother and they helped us in every way that they could. We had a place downstairs to store our buggy, as we were on the 4th floor but hey, we got…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or210-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful,"Needed a cheap stay in London overnight, so I found a double ensuite room through Lastminute for £29. For that sort of money you can't complain - park benches cost more - but it wasn't something I would do again in a hurry. Reception guy was perfectly friendly and trustworthy (why do so many people think that hotels in London are cloning credit cards?) and the hotel was clean and warm - if a bit moth eaten. The room somehow managed to be both clean and grubby. No dirt or mysterious stains, but just a felt a bit 'used' - like sitting on a warm toilet seat.It was a pretty charmless affair - one 100w bulb hanging from the ceiling, cheap furniture, limited storage/hanging space - but the linen was very clean, the telly worked properly and there was tea/coffee facilities. The…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or210-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here,"Terrible. terrible. terrible. Our booking were at the Leisure Inn, but they said that they had problems with the electricity so we had to go to this ""hotel"". They told us that Leisure inn was fully booked, thats was the reason we had to stay at Palace Court, The staff were terrible, the room was dirty, there were something crawling at the floor, the lamps were out of order, The staff answered us, ""what shall I do about it"", when we asked for a new lamp. The toilett and shower were dirty, smelling like crap. It was really a terrible staying. Never, never stay att Leisure Inn or Palace Court.",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or210-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",value for money friendly hotel,"We are 2 girls from Germany, hotel is hard to find but that is not hotels fault, received big room for 2 of us.  good reception. nice worm and clean rooms. recommended for short stay overs for  in London.",None,5.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or210-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",cost effective and friendly hotel,"We are 4 groups of girls from Australia stayed for 5 nights in this hotel and we didn’t faced any problems mentioned in the other reviews.  As we travel in peak time our room rate was very high but compared to other awful hotels in London this is far better.  I need to comment that reception guys are very friendly not only to us to any friendly guest came to the hotel. (if you nice enough to them) but other staff (housekeeping and breakfast ) not friendly compared to them. As we booked online and pay instantly reception staff they never ask my credit card and only request £20 deposit for the room and for key and this normal procedure of all hotels. Hotel is hard to find and that is not hotel fault.  And i am wondering about other reviews of card frauds, and if they found that…",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or215-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!,"booked through lastminute, and the bloke on the desk kept asking for our credit card because the booking went through. Thank god i knew what he was upto and i showed him my printout, to which he stuttered. ABSOLUTELY SCANDALOUS. Now the room, DREADFUL. toilet stunk of sewage, the room was filthy, and you can hear a rat scratching against the wall at 5am. if this dont put you off then dont know what will except i did catch the reception in the morning on a pornsite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or215-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",descent hotel,"I am from USA, came to London for Business meeting for five nights. When i am searching a place to stay found this hotel with bit high room price.  Me also very concern concerned about some of the reviews such as card cloning. However after my stay in that descent hotel realised that some of the reviews are 100% false. Because the reservation or staff members they can’t access to our card details (if we booked through lastminte.com) I am more than happy with every aspect of the hotel. It is notable that staff is respectable and friendly. Rooms are relatively small but what else we expect heart of London. And me also I like to recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or215-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible fraudulent hotel,"Visited London for a few days with a friend, and was stupid enough to book a room here without doing any prior investigation.  Room was very small, and the bathroom was a separate room which had to be reached by crossing a public stairway. The pricing is awful given the overall state of the room, and I've stayed in royal hotels in big cities over the world for the same amount of money. Staff charged an additional 10 pound fine for checking out 15 minutes late.  As an added bonus, when I got back home my credit card limit was reached, because of a large amount of fraudulent transactions. Given this place was the only place I used my card in London, and the location of all the fraudulent transactions was London, this ought to make one wonder.  Only stay here if you like to be…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or215-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Smelly,"Was given the basement room, which smelled mouldy. Box room 3x3m + shower room which smelled even mouldier. Tried to open window to improve conditions, but the window was very hard to open and also, due to staircase outside, it was not really reassuring to keep it open. Also everybody who walked past on the pavement could see the entire room, so we had to keep the curtains closed at all times.  One double bed that was propped against the wall to fit. Very hard mattress, and room not really suitable for a parent and child (which we stated when we booked).  Several spiders in the shower room, and even one dead on the ceiling of the bedroom.  Breakfast was very basic and the little staff we saw were not really friendly; obviously we stopped them doing their job if we asked them…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or215-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, clean, friendly!","My friend and I (both 21) came down to london for two nights, and were a bit concerned about some of the reviews. However after our stay we were more than happy with every aspect of the hotel. Everything was clean and in working order (the shower took 5 minutes to warm up, but there are worse crimes in the world) and the reception staff were friendly and helpful.  This hotel is ideal for people who are on a tight budget or are looking for a quick stop-over (ie travellers from Aussie or the US).  The hotel is a little difficult to find as the block, not the road, is called Princes Square, though it is no more than two minutes walk from bayswater station and plenty of shops. There is a night bus that stops by bayswater station too.  All-in-all very pleased. If I was to book again,…",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or220-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here,Since I had the misfortune to visit this filthy place one thing has been very noticeable. My credit card statement has been growing. The staff have cloned my card and been spend £300+ at pizza hut (which is a scam) £240 at a tyre and exhaust place and various other things.  Luckily my bank has stopped my card and reimbursed me. The staff are theives and crimainals that I will be reporting to the police. PLEASE FIND A PARK BENCH YOU WILL BE SAFER AND MORE COMFORTABLE.  YOU HAVE GOT TO BE MAD TO STAY HERE  Sean Derby,Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or220-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worth to stay,"I have stayed in this hotel more than a month. It is right rooms are not big, but I am sure that, around that area no one can stay in a better hotel for that price. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Thanks to all for that experience.",Date of stay: October 2007,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or220-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel - Clean and not too bad,I was very hesitant about staying here after reading these reviews and almost cancelled. I booked via Last minute.com for a short stay of 2 days In November 2007 before reading any reviews. It would have cost one night's stay & £20 to cancel so I decided to see what it was like.  Positive aspects: Friendly & helpful staff on reception (manned late at night) Clean & recently carpeted About 10 mins walk from Bayswater Tube Station Tea/Coffee making in the room Small heater which warmed up the room well Clean towels/toiletries Room was very clean and tidy Good wardrobe & cupboard space Room was serviced each day  Negative aspects: Poor paintwork Window catch was broken on one side so did not shut properly No plug in the sink No pressure from the water in the shower (I had to stand…,Date of stay: November 2007,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or220-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place,"We used booking.com which we won’t use again. Location: Very good easy to get around Building: Unlooked after. You need to be experienced on Mountaineering to get to your room.  Room: Very small, haven’t been hovered for a long time. If you drop anything underneath the bed, you will be amazed what you will find there. Keep plastic bags with you all the time, you might throw up anytime. No lampshade but there was any need for, because it blew up in the middle of the evening. Probably wiring is too old. Bed size was fine mattress was terrible. Sockets are located in unreachable corners. There is a TV in the room with no visible channels. There is phone in the room, do not bother using it. We phoned reception no one has answered. We phoned them using our mobile. They answered…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or220-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",An absolute Hell Hole!,"Do not stay at this hotel!!   I read some reviews on the internet and because of my circumstances convinced myself it would be ok. How wrong I was! The room was filthy, dried blood stains on the douvan, no shower door on the shower, no lampshade (apparently this is hotel policy for all rooms!!!!), the walls were filthy, and the filth on a carpet meant I didn't dare put my bare feet down on and it. It felt like a prison cell. There is no sound proofing so you heared every single door slam in the whole hotel all night. After being intimaded by four drunken men in the room next to me at 4am in the morning when they tried hammering my door in and throwing things at my walls, the reception refused to do anything about it and would not call the police, I left after the first night. I…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or225-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Bad, Bad, Bad!","It all seemed ok...but it started with a friend, who's reservation didn't come trhough although he had telephoned and faxed it like they asked. The website is out of date, availability isn't correct, their excuse was that they had just bought the hotel but didn't have the website's password??!!  Then we we were put in a room with 3 beds while we reserved 4...then I had to actually show the man that they're were really only 3 beds...The manager came (2 hours later!) Put an extra bed in the room, we were sort of able to walk in the room. TV & Telephone were broken. The second night we found bugs on our pillow...The window couldn't be shut completely. The fire alarm didn't work so why bother going outside for a smoke. Sharing the bathroom went well and we had some nice quiet…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or225-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","Filthy room/no clean towels or sheets for a week, dont book here!","Before leaving this review, I contacted management, and they did not respond. This was my third and final stay at this hotel. The last visit ended me in a basement room, with trash piled up outside the window preventing me from opening the window due to the stench and possible rodents. The location is perfect for me, but there are dozens of hotels in this area that I'm sure do not share these same practices. On my current and final stay at this hotel, house keeping arrived one morning, and attempted to enter the room. I loudly/clearly announced that they would need to return later. She attempted to enter the room anyway, turning the key and pushing on the door. I was not decent, and quickly double locked the door, and again announced she would need to return, and that I was not…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or225-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs!!!!!,After a sleepless night on the plane - nothing could possibly wake me up.  Was I ever wrong!   I woke up with bedbites at 1:00 a.m........bedbugs!!!!!!  Horrible!   The rest of my European vacation was a dream - but this place was a nightmare!  Still wondering (and hoping!) there are no repercussions from bedbugs!!!!  At 1:30 I was moved to another room with 6 beds ( I only needed one!) - and no bathroom. When I went to a communal bath down the hall - no toilet paper!  I thought I was in the Third World - not London England!  Do yourself a favor - do not stay here!! ,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or225-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Experience,"This hotel was recommended by a friend of a friend, completely for its affordability, but it was a terrible experience.  No lightbulbs.  No towels.  Smelled bad.  Poor service.  Very dirty.  Great location, but don't stay here. ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or225-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!,"This has to be the worst hotel I ever stayed at! When we arrived at the hotel I started to think I made a big mistake booking here, we needed a hotel on that street as friends were staying in a hotel on the same street & there hotel was fully book but this was not. I know why now! We booked a double room & were giving a twin room with 3 beds in it & no T.V. We complained & were giving a double room but this was not a double room! It's was a single room with a double bed which was crammed in with no room to move! I then saw a pest control box on the floor which isn't a good sign, after staying in this hell hole my girlfriend had bites all over her body which must be fleas. All this for £60 a night, what a nightmare!! I wouldn't let my dog sleep in this hotel, dirty carpets dirty…",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or230-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London","A mouse in the room, and it isn't all...","Good location... and that's all. We booked via internet and fixed the price breakfast-included, but once arrived the receptionist asked us for £2 extra per person per day for the eggs in the breakfast which we didn't want (we are italians and do not eat salty food in the morning) but we could not refuse to pay for it! The room we booked had to be a double but they gave us a small room made even smaller by a pile of some 6 or 7 mattresses: our room was used as a deposit!. The shared bathroom was among the dirtiest I have ever seen, camping toilets included. Finally, waking up on our last day in London (fortunately) we saw a mouse near the door... he saw us too, my girl cried aloud, he moved its nose like if he was sniffing the air and then escaped passing below the door (there…",Date of stay: March 2004,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or230-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",great location...,"This hotel was ok, but I wish I had spent a bit more to get a nicer place.  It was reasonably clean and the service was friendly enough, but it wasn't great.    The ensuite hotel rooms were small even by London standards.  The best thing about this hotel is its location.  Convenient access to the tubes, a 6-pound taxi ride to Padding Station and the Heathrow Express, and lots of accessible (in terms of being a tourist) shops and eateries. ",Date of stay: August 2006,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or230-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good clean budget 2 star hotel,"Booked a double room for £40 at the Palace Court Hotel. The hotel was clean, no frills in an ideal location. Ideal for a short stay in London with a limited budget.",Date of stay: January 2006,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or230-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Keep looking,"My friend and I were sent here in May '04 when the Mabledon Court hotel lost our reservation. I think they are owned by the same people. I've stayed in six hotels in London and this place is substandard. The room was a good size, but it smelled so bad. Like a wet dog. The bedding was stained and ripped and the stuffing in the pillows was coming out. The shower had no water pressure-just a drizzle. The breakfast was ok-cereal and hard boiled eggs. A couple of the men at the front desk were really nice. The others were not. I don't recommend this hotel because for 84 US dollars you can find someplace nicer. ",None,2.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or230-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",welcome to the muppets hotel,"well to say it was a ordeal was un understament, firstly i booked a double-room, the room we were  given a was a room with 2 singles, room was at the back of the hotel and most nights we were kept up till around 2am with all the drunks hanging around on the baconies of the homeless hostel next door.  when ordering breakfast you were order one thing and they would bring you something else alltogether,and this happened nearly every single day, no point asking the staff  all you get is  don`t know.  I felf like i was surrounded by complete and utter muppets.  will never stay there again. ",None,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or235-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",Car towed-beware,"We parked in front of our hotel and overslept (past the 8:30 no parking time posted on the pole outside). Our car was towed at 8:38 a.m.  despite the fact that their rule is they clamp your wheels for four hours and give you that time to pay and have the clamp removed. They would have had to clamp the car 4 hours before it was in violation. We were due at the airport and I became physically ill. It nearly ruined our trip. In haste we also lost a valuable roll of film, probably in the taxi to retrieve our car. If anyone in the U.K. can help me with information on who to contact at the Cab Company or if we lost the film at the Palace Court Hotel we would forget the trauma of the tow altogether. Please send me help if you can.",None,2.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224732-Reviews-or235-Palace_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Hotel Reviews, London",not bad for the price,"Got a late deal (£30 for a single room). Room was very small, but clean (although there were a couple of cobwebs in the corner). Had good view over the adjacent square, and no traffic noise. Walls quite thin, could hear conversation next door at times. Shower wasn't particularly hot, but bathroom was spotless - obviously newly decorated. Didn't have time for breakfast, but it smelled good.",None,2.0
