,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or0-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Breakfeast is awfull- greasy- same every day o choice. No fruit, no cereals..Discount toasts, dreadfull all the rest","We been here several times, and the staff is very friendly. Rooms small- but never mind, we just want the room for the nights, to have a shower, to sleep, to stay central. But the breakfast is AWFUL. POOR discount toasts, discount- horrible sausages, dreadful tomatoes from the can? Beans worse than ever- no taste? Eggs all right, but otherwisw choise, no cereals, no yoghurts or fresh fruit, discount, synthetic marmelade.-uneatable. Sorry to saw.. breakfast is NO GOOD. Still very friendly staff.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or0-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disrespectful staff service and no reply from manager,"Too bad that only one person of the staff was really problematic, the others were really OK and helpful.   This elderly polish brunette woman kept on complaining in front of my door out loud about me not wanting a room service that week and even came to swear heavy words in perfect English at my front door (F... words and such - dont't do this to me man... what the f...) due to my paper notice stating that no room service was needed. Really awkward and needless since most of the staff was very cooperative and friendly.  If there was any problem just come and talk to me as a polite and educated/normal person would in a democratic society.   What a shame that this person was allowed to work there when others where very helpful and extremely friendly. Unfortunately I won't be coming back because of this.   Foreign people should just be extremely grateful for the job that they can get in the UK and some are completely imbecilic unaware how lucky they are for having a job in London (and I envy this in a good way since I am not British either).   Anyway choose a better hotel around the corner/area that has better customer service like the London Metropolis Hyde Park just 10m away where I stayed a few times.   What a shame, and hopefully the managers will read this and take the appropriate measures to teach the staff how to behave accordingly with polite and serious customers as I am after my 8th visit to London.…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or0-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"Most of the hotels in this area are much and the same, this one has VERY noisy floorboards! Of the 2 desk clerks, one was charming, the other surly at best, and is possibly not suited for Hospitality! The full english breakfast was a treat, and the ladies who supply breakfast are lovely. The shower in my room - 10 - was luke warm, and stone cold on the last morning. The location is perfect for me, though, and all within my budget. All these town house hotels have small rooms, and LOTS of stairs, If you need a lift, book the Orchard Hotel. If your room is at the front, be prepared for a lot of traffic noise, but look out at the trees in front of the hotel, I saw parakeets and 2 jays.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or0-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Pleasant hotel in a great location,"The hotel was a 5-10 minute walk from Paddington station which provides great connections to the rest of London. The hotel was just what I was wanting, a decent place in a good location. I'd booked a single room with en suite so I was surprised to see I had a double room with an en suite. The en suite was a little on the small side, but it had a decent shower that was hot and stayed hot, it was also powerful, much better than showers I've experienced in other hotels. The hotel could be do with some re-decorating and modernisation, but I was there to visit London so this didn't bother me. The wifi was great and the cooked breakfast in the morning which was included in the cost of the hotel was a nice advantage. You do have to leave your key at reception when you leave the hotel, but this didn't bother me as it was one less thing for me to worry about losing when I was out and about. Each day my room was tidied and the bedding was clean. Clean towels were provided and replaced on a number of days. There was an electric heater in the room which kept the room nice and warm. There are some shops near by for drinks and snacks and there are also some restaurants. I'd definitely stay here again if I visit London.…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or0-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great Budget Hotel,"Found this hotel on Booking.com. Booked it 10 months in advance and got a twin en-suite room at a cracking price. Hotel is clean, staff are pleasant and breakfast was amazing. Freshly cooked full English with juice and hot beverage. Room was spacious with a big sash window. No view as such but plenty of daylight. We had a single and a double bed with small en-suite which had a shower, toilet and sink. Plenty of room to hang clothes and fresh towels. There is a 24 hour reception and free left luggage room which was a God send on our last day. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or5-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Potential to be really nice ,"Pros Close to Paddington station Cheap  Breakfast was included  Shower was hot and powerful   Upon arrival I walked into the reception which was in darkness pretty much with a guy sat behind the desk.  Easy check in and down to the basement for my room. Basic but clean.  Did need to use an iron as I had creased a few things in my case, reception said they did have one but someone didn’t give it back.   Bathroom slightly smelly and old. Ceiling above shower was very mouldy.  Bed was comfy with clean sheets, would be nice to have a duvet as it was a rough old brown scratchy blanket and then a bed throw. Slept with a single sheet and turned the heater on.   Breakfast was ok, can’t complain as it was included but obviously cooked earlier and warmed up in the microwave when guests…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or5-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Normandie Hotel, London","Very reasonable price for central London. Important things -  The toilet and shower worked. The TV worked. The bedding was clean. Bed comfy. The staff are friendly and helpful. The English breakfast was  good. No waiting time and the tea was hot. Not so important - The room is basic and needs a coat of paint. Overall its a decent hotel. As its cheap, close to Paddington station for train or tube, 10 mins walking. Plenty of quick food places to eat wighin 5 mins walking. ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or5-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Reliable hotel choice in London.,"I stayed here at the end of July for two nights with my wife and teenage daughter. I do not read reviews about hotels before i stay in them, as it usually causes concern or disapointment.In the case of this hotel i am glad i did not read the reviews before our trip and i can say that i do not agree with many of them. I have stayed in London hotels on many an occasion on business, mostly in much more expensive hotels but this hotel is heads above them on friendliness and service.Rooms are comfortable and OK size - carpets somewhat tired in places but the bed was very comfortable and the room was clean and had everything we needed for a 3 day trip. We requested cups on our first day and when we returned back in the evening we had cups,coffee,tea etc waiting for us.The breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or5-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very well situated hotel with nice staff,"Firstly, the hotel is in a very good locality, if you want to walk to the most frequent and famous London sightseeing places. Without any problem, taking your time, you can go to Hyde Park, London Eye, Big Ben or Buckingham palace all in 4-5 ours. Using public transport is also very convenient, with bus, you can get almost to the front of the Hotel. In close neighbourhood there is all you need e.g. Tesco (10 minutes away). The room is really small, but for one/tree days of sightseeing trip it’s exactly what you need. Only thing you do there is sleep and lay your exhausted  feet. However, because of the way the building was built, you can hear footsteps from upstairs, and downstairs. Also, because the hotel is just next to the street, you can hear street noise at night. But for…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or5-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Normandie Hotel Stay May 2019,"The Normaandie hotel is a short walk to the Grosvenor VIctoria casino, which was the main reason for booking despite the poor reviews. THe positives were the location and the comparitive cheap room. Requsted kettle and tea on arrival, as advised on previous trip advisor posts. The room and decor was quite tired and dated. Had a good nights sleep in quiet room and would stay again if was going alone for 1 night stay. Fried  Breakkfast was good.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or10-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Good value for money, friendly and helpful hotel staff in central location.","I stayed for 7 days this month. Hotel was 2 minute walk from Paddington station and underground, very central to London. Staff in hotel very helpful and friendly. When I arrived I was upgraded to a double room ensuite free of charge and on the ground floor which helped a lot as I had a heavy case. I was able to leave my case before I checked in the afternoon on the Sunday morning I arrived and also was able to leave my case on check out as my train was in the early evening which saved me 20 pounds at left luggage. Breakfast consisted of sausage, bacon, two eggs, tomatoe and beans and numerous amount of toast! I was also always welcomed when I went down for breakfast and made to feel welcome. Overall good value for money, central location of london, on a beautiful street, plenty…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or10-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Omg,You get a sinking feeling when you enter your room I would have checked out if I had the time this place is dark and dinghy good points are WiFi and Cheap I cannot think of anything else bad points are the carpets the beds the bathroom the walls windows the doors need I go on ,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or10-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Don't be put off by reviews! If you want glitz, book the Ritz!","Can honestly say after reading some of the reviews I was a bit nervous about booking here for three of us for our daughter's 4th birthday. We intended to use it as a base for a very busy weekend and it more than succeeded our expectations. The location is fab, 10 mins walk (probably less without a 4 year old!) to Paddington (tube and rail), we walked to Winter Wonderland (Hyde Park) in about half an hour, plus Buckingham Palace was only a little further. So glad we took the pushchair though! The ease of access to everywhere made this hotel a winner for us and the fact that the staff couldn't do enough for us. The breakfast was lovely, we had English breakfast with sausage, bacon, beans, tomato and two eggs with heaps of toast butter and jam, orange juice and tea/coffee so we…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or10-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",So kind staff !!!,"The staff is so kind. The reception guys are so helpful. One of them gave me his charger and brought my luggage to my room. The other one gave me free water. They always smile and help me. The hotel is clean, the rooms are not small, the lication is amazing: just some minutes walking to paddington metro station. I liked this hotel and I will recommend it to others.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or10-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great 2 Night Stay.,"Booked the Normandie Hotel for our trip to see Hawkwind at the Palladium. When you read other reviews you will be put off almost immediately and I was to a point dreading it. Well , we arrived in London & found the hotel with no problems. The welcome was warm and friendly & the gentleman on reception went out of his way to get us a tea & coffee after our trip down. Check in was quick & the room we were given was more than adequate for us and was clean throughout . Handing the key in when we went out was no bother & someone always there to let us back in. The cooked breakfast was really nice with plenty of toast & coffee & again was served by nice , friendly staff. The location for us was perfect & everything within easy reach with the Tube at the top of the road made travelling…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or15-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Terrible,"Stayed here, was booked in for 2 nights, only stayed the one, top floor single bed for instead of a double, no curtains, very noisy and cold, night porter took ages to answer the door, not a good experience. I would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or15-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Fire safety concerns,Staff were all friendly - that's the best bit over.    Room was on such a slope that we had to use 3 pillows each to lay flat.  Shower was scalding hot and when asked for it to be checked man from reception did come up and managed to reduce a little but the controls on the shower did not work and this was a family room but would definitely not have been able to use for children.  Most disturbing of all the fire extinguisher outside the dining room is labelled as FAILED in November 2016 and the fire door on the landing to rooms 6 & 7 was wedged open with a fire extinguisher.  Our room had a balcony which was accessible via the window and is obviously used from smoking judging by the number of cigarette ends out there (My partner does smoke but went out into the street each…,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or15-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Visit at your peril,"Hotel reviews Reviews 2.8	 Fair	 78 reviews on Google Couples 3.0 Families 3.1 Solo 3.1 All reviews Most relevant Newest Highest rating Lowest rating Julie Smyth Julie Smyth-EDIT1/5 a day ago on Google Stayed at this place on Sept 8th & 9th 2018 fir the Hyde Park weekend was in room no 3, on arrival was greeted well, room was very basic only mirror was in the bathroom there was no tea or coffee facilities in room as advertised, first night I had to go to reception as neighbours very rowdy but to no avail this went on until 2.30am, breakfast was ok but continental breakfast consisted of just toast with jam. On the second night arriving back at hotel went to my room got settled sat on my bed when a mouse entered my room from the hallway & run straight under my bed I was horrified,…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or15-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Hellish Customer Experience at Normandie (Sussex Rd),"1. Duty manager refused to provide wifi password to my wife upon request even though she'd selected the hotel because of wifi availability.  2.stressful experience because the duty manager was passive and implied my pregnant wife was making up stories about wifi not working in her room, meanwhile she had work she needed to submit via wifi throughout the week. My wife had to literally call me and ask me what she should do because the service on the ground is a complete contrast to what you get when you are booking online.  3. Fortunately another traveler saved the day and referred my wife to Classic Hyde Park Hotel - the customer service there was exceptional and they took great care of my wife at very short notice at night.     4. The reason I'm sharing this is to save any…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or15-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","""Very poor service""",First of all there were a lot off sanitary issues and then rooms were very very hot with no air conditioning. I first  booked twin rooms as I was attending a conference nearby with a business partner but as she could not attend so I stayed in their So I requested them to let me stay in their single bed room and so they did that but charged me the same amount that I was paying for the twin room. Shortage of staff and when I was leaving no one carried a luggage. A very pathetic and terrible experience  ,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or20-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Dreadful customer service,I jus rang this hotel to enquire about booking a room.  The man who Answered the phone asked me what date I needed and before I could give him my dates he rudely said we don’t Have anything and hung up! I rang back and told him that the website says there are available rooms.  He promptly told me to ring him back in ten minutes.   Shocking service! ,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or20-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Needs an update! Very Budget.,"This is a mixed review to be honest as I think this hotel could be great if it could be fine tuned.  When I arrived early before my two other friends I went to the hotel to see if they would look after my luggage, this is essentially you luggage kept in the room by the front desk, which isn't secure. Thankfully this was fine, but most hotels now have a luggage store so maybe this needs to be considered. Especially being so close to Paddington station.  Our room was no 14, which was up 4 flights of stairs. We wasn't asked if we were okay with the stairs nor was it made clear on booking that there was steep stairs involved this should be advertised just in case a disabled visitor books one of your rooms during a busy period. The people on the desk seemed very short or just not…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or20-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Loved it,"1920's Boutique hotel in Koreatown with continental breakfast, great Burger restaurant, barber shop and 2 great bars. Rooms are renovated. Hotel is quiet, clean and in a safe area. Front desk staff was great. Valet parking right out front. Walking distance to a million Korean restaurants. We will definitely be back. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or20-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A hotel you can steer clear of.,"I booked a hotel thinking it WAS a hotel. What I got was worse than a Backpacker Hostel. The name is misleading at best.  Room - Very old, dated and carpet smelt rancid. The walls and ceilings had a bit of water damage. The bed itself is ironically simple and yet I wouldn't let my toddler sleep on it.  Room Cleanliness/Service - They make your bed and that's it! No new/clean sheets were used at all during my stay. At least they gave me a new Bath towel - HOTEL ON A BUDGET.     Bath towel - Day 1 it was dirty (had stains - not bleached properly).   Day 2 to 6, clean enough. Bathroom - the ceiling light did not work - only the wall light which blew itself up on Day 3.   Day 3 to 5 - I requested staff to change the bulbs itself. One staff told me it is run by Italian's and they…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or20-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very very basic!,"This hotel has a hostel type feel regarding the rooms, it is in a great location but the rooms are very basic. Check-in was a different experience, didn't say anything to us we gave our name & we we're just given a room key then they walked off, very unfriendly & strange. We didn't want to try the breakfast so can't comment on that. Checkout was at 11 but at 10.30 housekeeping walked straight in to our room without knocking, saying oh I thought you had gone!. We just found the whole experience very odd, not for us. ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or25-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Visit due to hospital trip. ,"The staff were very accommodating. Breakfast was absolutely gorgeous, with nothing too much for the lovely lady who was run off her feet. Set us up perfectly for the day and GREAT to have included in the room rate. I didn’t even need any lunch! The room was basic, but extra linen was in the wardrobe and the beds were more comfortable than other places I’ve stayed; it was also bigger than more expensive hotels. The bed near the window was a little draughty, but we moved it over and my friend was fine after that. I loved the original cornicing and fireplace. TV was large and looked new. Extra heater already in room and on, plus the radiator, so lovely and warm overall. My request had been took into consideration for location of room. Bathroom was small, but actually nice and warm…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or25-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Birthday and shopping ,Most of the review is positive.  Rooms need a lick of paint. Carpets could do with a clean and new bed linen brighten up the place a bit.overall stay 5/5  Room overall 4/5 Bathroom 4/5 Breakfast 5/5  Hair in shower. Knob missing on wardrobe stains on floor. ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or25-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Only if you can not afford any where else!,"Maybe I am too old for places like this, but my single word to describe it is ROUGH! Shabby everything. Loose fittings in the bath room, including the hot tap which required two hands. (one to secure the tap and one to turn it). There was no internet in my room, despite this being advertised, the tiny beds were super old, and the remote for the TV was sticky making me reluctant to touch it. The room was also noisy with TV noises from all around entering my room, and loud noises from the floor above keeping me awake. Yes the room was inexpensive, and it also included a breakfast served by a pleasant lady, but my advice is that if you can afford more, then stay somewhere else!",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or25-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not worth it!,"Upon my arrival, the hotel seemed to be  good choice. I had a private bathroom and the room wasn't an awful size. The room was in working order except for the fire alarm that went off randomly between midnight and 4:00 am.   The staff here was decent. Unfortunately, there was one employ who worked the lobby, was always sleeping and was never kind. He was sloppy and not professional, it was always a guessing game on how long we would have to wait for him to wake up to give us our room key.The complimentary breakfast was a good English Breakfast, and the service was wonderful.  However, over the course of my stay I discovered many bites. At first I thought a spider or mosquito  had gotten me, until I had over 20 bug bites  just about everywhere on my body. I went to management and…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or25-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Hotel Review,Stayed here the weekend of 1st - 3rd December. Hotel wasn't worth the price. Arrived checked in. Went to our room. Room 8. Only one small towel each. Not even a bath towel size. No hand towels or bath mat. No extra bedding if you were cold or extra pillows as there were only one pillow each. Curtain rail only had one curtain on it and you could clearly see the rings on the rail from the missing curtain. Large hole in the bathroom ceiling  approx 50cm X 29cm. Mismatched tiles on bathroom floor. No hot water or central heating when we checked in. WiFi didn't connect in the room. Went to reception and asked about water and was told hot water and heating was only on from 18.00 - 23.00 and then back on at 6am but not sure for how long as radiator cold by 9am. Drafty window that…,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or30-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not worth it,"Staff was not friendly.  Room was tiny.  Only one of two beds made up.  One towel each, no hand towels in bathroom.  Hot water spigot on sink did not work.  Nightstand between beds looked old and dirty.  TV remote was disgusting.  Food rating on door was a ""B"" the day we arrived.  We did not eat breakfast there.  I would not recommend this nor would I stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or30-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Normandie Hotel,"The room was quite small but had what I needed for an overnighter, very close and convenient for Paddington and Central London, the staff were obliging and courteous. The bathroom clean and whilst not spacious was not too cramped either. For a budget hotel in my opinion I got more than I paid for.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or30-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Health warning,"My husband and I along with four friends arrived here on Friday 8th September 2017,these are my opinions of this awful awful hotel. We paid £278 for the two of us for 3 nights bed & breakfast, so I'm not naive to think that certain things would fall below my expectations. So here goes... On arrival we were eventually met at reception by a untidy young man who had clearly just woken up, I sat that because his arms were stretching to the ceiling as he yawned like only a lion would.No greeting to us, NAME he said, so I took that as he wanted to know ours. Abrupt and no customer skills whatsoever immediately put us all in a place of worry. We settled the bill although I did ask to see the room first, reluctantly and angrily he finally agreed to my request.   The room was a ground…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or30-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever.,Booked for one night but lasted just over an hour. On arrival entered the room which shall we say could do with an upgrade. No heating nor not water. You had to hold the hot water tap on the wash hand basin to turn it on as it was completely loose. Spoke to the only staff member I saw and told him about the heating and hot water issues. He informed me that it would be sorted within the hour. After an hour no heating or hot water. I spoke to the same staff member but it was obvious from his attitude that he had our money so tough. Avoid at all costs.,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or30-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good value,"After reading some of the reviews I was very leery of booking a room for me my husband and a teen. The hotel is very easy to get to. The room was clean and with the en suite plus tv Wi-Fi and free breakfast it was exactly what we needed. I didn't expect the Ritz but I must say for the price it was fantastic. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. The food was fresh and filling and the coffee was delicious. The only fault we had was the left tap on the sink was a bit loose, but the room itself was well cared for. Next time we need to book a London trip we will book here again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or35-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Basic and Budget,"So being a broke student, I took a gamble and booked 2 nights here. Got handed the key to room 1 but never received instructions on how to find the room. Cue me walking up and down staircases with lots of luggage until I found it in the basement. And to make matters worse, there was an actual toilet box in front of the door. How unprofessional.  Room was tiny but as expected for the price. Wifi was broken on the second night and staff were not at all interested in helping to fix it (has very important travel details to confirm and had to find a cafe elsewhere!) The breakfast was filling, and the lady who organises it is lovely.  All in all, it is what it is. A budget hotel. Don't expect anything more than the basics. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or35-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Disgusting and filthy ""hotel"". Avoid to book!! Shame!","The worst hotel experience ever. We book it as a 3star hotel and we had better sleep at any metro station. The room located near to the restaurant and every morning we smell the smokes from the kitchen. Untidy and filthy room, the carpet never been cleaned, with plenty of rubbish. We didn't use the closet due to dirt. Any point was sticky and smelly. The room never renovated and the bath was full of mold, rusty spots and hairlines of the previous clients. The municipality of London or any other pertinent ought to close this hotel, it is a menance of the client's health. Moreover we found 2 mousetraps under our bed. We were brave only for the first morning to try the breakfast. The owner, who was very nonchalant and unwilling to satisfy any of our requests. He is the only and one…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or35-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"We could not stay in this place. Was appalled as soon as we entered the place. The room was so small you could nearly touch the walls with arms outstretched. We were given 1 towel each, there were no bath mats and when we asked for one he said they didn't have any, when asked for hairdryer didn't have one even though said on our booking one was supplied. The tv didn't work, the tap in the bathroom sink was broken and the water was dripping all the time. My daughter even had to ask for a receipt. We only stayed about 2 hrs before we managed to book another hotel. We couldn't get out of There quick enough. We rang booking .com and they tried to ring the hotel but got no answer this was because the person who was supposed to be on duty was standing outside spending time talking. We…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or35-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AVOID THIS SO CALLED HOTEL. THE WORST I HAVE EVER STAYED IN,Now I know it is a budget hotel. But i have stayed an a lot of hotels and this is supposed to be a hotel. But feels like a rented room in a house.  We arrived at hotel early morning. Left luggage. But felt what have we done. They were just left in corner of reception. If that's what you can call it a reception. Felt are they were not safe. When we came back later to check in. We checked in. Went to our room. No 3. Walked in and both looked at each other. No way. The room had a double bed in it. That when sat on actually wobbled.  We felt that it could collapse.  Looked out the window and our view was a wall. Went into the bathroom. Yes very small. No bathroom floor mat. No hand towels.  Very small. And what looks like mould around the sink. And the shower head is even worse. As…,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or35-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Nothing good to say,"I stayed here for 2 nights 26 - 28th June on a business trip. What a shame I didn't read the reviews on Trip Advisor earlier, and before being booked to stay here...... Provided with a room that was dirty, no hot water from either the tap at the sink, or shower. The sink was filthy and plug furred up..... Furniture stained with old marks from bottles/glasses. Blankets and bedding dirty - the sheets looked clean..... Electrical points wobbly and did not accommodate chargers. The hotel states in it's brochure that it has been completely refurbished to a high standard - sadly this was not evident during my stay and I won't be returning - no evidence of a manager to complain to - I have emailed the manager to complain but no response.....",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or40-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Higly recomend if you are looking for cheap accomodation In the centre of London,"We were scared bcs of the reviews here, but we were pleasantly surprised! Staff was nice... i didnt like this english breakfast but tea was amazing and toasts with jam also good. Our room was on the third floor with king-sized bed and bathroom. Everything was clean and comfortable, from Our window i could see Only roofs and chimneys, which not everyone would like but i love it i felt like i was In Marry Poppins movie! So i can Only higly recomend Normandia Hotel. Price/quality ratio and location has nothig that would lead to inconvenience.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or40-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Weekend Break,"Good accommodation for the price. Rooms clean, new towels every day. Could do with a hand towel and bath mat as floor can get wet. Nice basic breakfast - toast and full english. Very pleasant and helpful staff. Near Paddington Tube. Would stay again. Went to Madame Tussauds got fast track / priority ticket but still queued over a hour to get it.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or40-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","For your own sake – stay away from The Normandie Hotel, 96 Sussex Garden - London.","My boyfriend and I were there in Week 12 from 22nd – 25th of March, 2017, and was awarded a miserable little room in the basement. All around there was mouse traps in the hallway.  The room consisted of two single beds and a bathroom where the door could not be closed from the inside, as the handles on the door was missing.  Immediately we asked for another room, but was told that it was not possible to move us, even though the cleaning staff informed us that there was another and much better room available. One of the cleaning ladies even tried to persuade the porter to let us get this room, but he claimed that it was booked by other guests, which the cleaning staff told us was a lie. My gut feeling told me that we ought to find another hotel, but my boyfriend convinced me that…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or40-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Weekend break ,"Stayed here for two nights for a weekend break with my mom. Considering the cheap rate I did not expect luxury and was happy with the accommodation. The one thing that really left a bad taste in my mouth was the gentleman on reception on Saturday at 2pm, he was so abrasive and sarcastic and constantly standing outside smoking, really let the rest of the team down who were all trying to help their guests. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or40-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Old Dirty place,"The hotel was really dirty  and had old broken furniture, windows were covered in mold, couldn't use the shower properly had broken toilet seat,  broken tiles on the floor of bathroom which  is dangerous, noisy rooms felt like people above me would have fallen on me when they were walking. Every morning could smell the frying food in the room,poor wifi i won't recommend this place to any tourists. Really disappointing part of my holiday. The only good about it was the Bulgarian receptionist which was helpful.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or45-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Never again ,"Stayed here for two nights from 21st to 23rd of December on a pre Christmas break on b&b basis,  it was a cheap hotel for a reason,  it was a dump!  bedside cabinet covered in cigarette burns, handles missing from the drawers,  piece of plywood screwed to the wall to act as the headboard above the bed, if you could even call it a bed,booked a triple room for 3adults and got a double bed a camp bed the size of a cot.  Dining room was downstairs, only 5 tables so found ourselves queuing outside until one became available, once seated there was no options,  orange juice to drink, tea or coffee,  and toast and full English less the bacon as there was none left. No cereals or fruit.  Staff were friendly enough and helpful, and hotel in a good location for shopping or sightseeing etc…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or45-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok for the price,"We stayed in this little b&b as we needed something local to Winter Wonderland. We booked relatively far in advance so around £55 for the room. This is very cheap for London. We had en suite double. The room was more than fine for the price, although I probably wouldn't want to stay in there for a long period of time. Bathroom was fine, fully functional with a shower. Tv was also fine. Gap under the door had to be covered with a pillow although the hotel was quiet.  The bed was a bit noisy, it knocked and bumped if you moved which meant we did not sleep too well. Again, it's a very cheap room so feel a bit cheeky to complain. Didn't get breakfast as it was too early for us, however the staff were more than friendly and I found them very polite. If I need somewhere cheap to stay…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or45-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Great location, good price/quality","The hotel is well located (walking distance from the Marble Arch station) where buses from Luthon airport stop. It's only a few minutes away from the Paddington metro station. Public transport in London is VERY expensive, therefore, it's advisable to get an Oyster card for 3 days for example at the costs of 25 pounds. You can easily top it up. Then you can get 5 pounds back when you return the card (including the unused money). We had a nr. 6 room facing street. There was some noise, but not significant. There is a balcony. We didn't hear neighbors in the room next door except when they were in the shared mini ""entrance"". We had a 4 bedroom room with a double and 2 single beds on the top of each other. I could say that it wasn't way too small. There is cleaning service on daily…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or45-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Excellent location, OK for just one night?","Just wanted a B&B for a night and at £56, this appeared a good deal. The price was for a double with private ensuite and included a breakfast; so excellent advertised price. However I found the room to be in poor condition, very basic and no kettle/tea/coffee facility. Ensuite was shabby with black mould in all the white sealant. Bed was OK with no issues, other than made up with a couple of blankets over a sheet (not a duvet) and didn't keep you warm. Breakfast was a 'full English' and offered with a coffee and fruit juice .. basic and OK.  Biggest plus point was the location; easy walking distance to Oxford Street and close to the Parks. If it's just a room for a night you want, then it's OK for the price, but wouldn't want to stay any longer and don't expect too much. It is…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or45-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful hotel.,"Rude staff. Very dirty. Room was disgusting and was stinking of cigarette smoke. Requested a ground floor room as a disabled guest, was given furthest away room on second floor. Staff unwilling to help. ",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or50-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Small, cold, noisy, cigarettes smell, dripping faucet, yucky room, wise to avoid at all....","I made the booking for my two senior managers traveling from USA HQ. After check-in on Monday 17th October 2016, the non-smoking room was filled with cigarettes smell. The faucet is dripping, the bathroom fan is clunky and noisy, and can't turn off. It was very cold without proper heating. Overall the room is very old, small and yucky. My managers were asking for refund, but the reception said she doesn't have the authorisation to do so and need to check with the hotel manager. I rang Booking.com customer service and they go in touch while I was stay on the line, learn that there is no progress made. It is strongly recommended to avoid book this hotel !!!      # # #",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or50-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good location,"Stayed here for one night, it is pretty basic but location is great. Walking distance from Paddington Station and a quick walk to nearest tube station, and then only a couple of stops to central London and all the attractions.  stayed in a twin room on the second floor. Unfortunately I was kept awake with noise from the street and even kept the windows shut but it made no difference, but I am a light sleeper so it might not annoy others, or you could ask for a room that's not facing the street. Was able to leave our luggage in hotel after we checked out so we could go off touring and picked them up in the evening before our train home. Staff all friendly.  If you are looking to stay in London on a budget and want somewhere central then this is a good base.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or50-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good hotel,"The Normandie hotel is a clean comfortable hotel, no real down side but the steep staircase if you are on the top floor. The staff are friendly and very happy to help, was given tube and London maps on arrival. Will stay here again!  Good English Breakfast too!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or50-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Warm and Friendly,"Stayed 4 nights at this hotel and we were very happy with the place. Staff at reception very warm and friendly and it is manned 24 hours a day. Mum and daughter do breakfast and they do a great job. Hotel is centrally located, Walking distance to Marble Arch and a walk through Hyde Park to Harrods in Knightsbridge. Great pub right across the road called the Monkey Puzzle Pub. Excellent meals and atmosphere.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or50-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Sorry but don't stay here!,"We stayed here for a concert at Hyde park. The location is the only thing good about this place. I would never normally write a bad review but this place is just dirty, tatty and old! Avoid and stay somewhere else. The man who checked us in was nice and friendly enough but the curtains where hanging off the rails, there were marks all over the walls, dirty bathroom, minging carpets, the room was roasting, it stunk of grease in the morning.... We didn't dare try the breakfast. Just vile! I have to laugh but I woke up in the morning and my friend had slept in her shoes as she didn't want to take her shoes off as the carpets where but nice at all! Just book somewhere else.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or55-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Quick overnight stop,"Basic accommodation was a bit cold but heaters were provided. Standard accommodation. Breakfast only served till 9, would be better if later option available. Check in fine. Great location as within walking distance to Paddington station. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or55-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Nearby to Paddington Station,"There is no lift to this hotel. If you are on the fourth floor with suitcases, it is certainly a challenge. And then back down again. I moved the single bed away from the radiator (rad was off and window open) to reveal debris under the bed.  The hotel is a short walk from Praed Street where there are eateries and pubs. Paddington Station is off Praed Street for main line trains and underground. There are bus stops outside the hotel as on the tfl website. The breakfast room is down a flight of stairs to the basement. A full English breakfast is available.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or55-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Borderline traumatizing,"Seemed OK to being centrally located, nice people (I thought) decent cheap Hotel I guess. We went out and came back at 11.30pm and the outside of the hotel had transformed there were prostitutes all over the place and rats running around the garbage left on the street. It only got worse. Once in our room we noticed the curtains had been shut and my friends computer and my Ipad were gone and our luggage had been rifled through. I was so upset I went to the reception. And again it only got worse. The receptionist said ""Oh yea someone went back to your room and opened it with a key he looked Italian so I thought it was you"" and proceeded to explain that he must have opened the door with the key he had kept form the night before. What?! You rented us a room that people have keys…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or55-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You can do better,"Looks like mold on the ceiling. Room not filthy, but not clean (soiled wall light switches, sticky surface bedside table, etc.).  Not one single touch of charm. On the other hand, the desk concierge was very helpful. Breakfast was ok--I didn't tour the kitchen so trust it was relatively clean--(no refunds available so I tried to think positive to keep boosting my immune system :) One night a couple argued all night, loudly. When we mentioned it to the night concierge, he expressed concern about intervention--really? We kind of thought any room management would look after our best interests. Wrong",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or55-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Perfect location, value for money!","Nice family run place in the center of London, polite and helpful staff. Paddington station is very close which helps the ease of transportation. Kensington Gardens and Palace is just 10 min walk from the hotel which is a pleasent way to spend your day. Hotel room was nice and clean.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or60-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Visited the hotel as its close to Edgware road and oxford street,"It's a good hotel if you're looking for something for cheap price and close to Edgware road but then again there are other hotels for same price that are better, this is a good hotel but needs upgrading, very poor bedding, heating facility wasn't very good though we were given an electric heater. I didn't really enjoy my stay, it definitely needs upgrading immediately. Specially the bedding and the furniture in the rooms are of very very poor quality,  Positives about the hotel is that the staff are fantastic, the two guys at reception are absolutely brilliant and very very helpful. Breakfast was fantastic ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or60-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Much better hotels, cleaner and better equipped","Very very poor, needs a good clean, updating and new window from dripping & mouldy , it's a throw back to the 30s  Chewing gum left on the head board, mouldy in corners on the carpet, could hear the traffic through the rattling Windows all night, hand towels for bath towels, no tea or coffee in the rooms, the only thing the room had going for it was it was warm, but smelt of strong bleach when we first got their. The curtains has hooks missing, the shower cubicle was big enough to for a child, and the sink taps would not turn off they just kept moving round. Breakfast was ok. ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or60-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not as bad as I expected...,"Read some terrible reviews upon booking this, but got was the cheapest I could find for when I wanted. My sister from Australia was visiting and I wanted to show her round London so wanted something much nicer, but we aren't high maintenance and knew we'd be out all weekend and only using this as a place to get some sleep. Firstly, it's a good location and a nice old, traditional London style building. Reception were lovely and allowed us in our room even though we were earlier than checking in time. The room was really bland and dated but overall fine. Everything was clean and there were three adults, so the double I stayed in with my sister was fine, and the single my Dad slept in was fine. None of us had any complaints but it also wasn't anything to scream about either. A…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or60-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Needs a good handy man and cleaner,Great location.....whole hotel needs updating drastically. Poor house keeping and complete lack of attention to any detail. No toiletries or hand towels or bath mat. No tea or coffee making facilities. Bed linen clean but holey. The top stairs coming away from the building. Not sure what was going on with the lights...... Would not stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or60-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent for the price you pay,"It's an excellent choice when you need a place to sleep in London. The hotel staff is very kind and friendly, rooms were cleaned every day. Full English breakfast is included in the price, there is free wi-fi. It's only a 10-minute walk from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. I'll definitely choose it again when I go to London and recommend it to my friends.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or65-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",average stay but excelent location,"Well no bed bugs in our 2 rooms in a few days... The building is old so you get the Victorian feeling of an old London houses which is interesting as well (squeaking stairs, small corridors, small rooms...). We slept ok, the breakfast was good - all as expected in this price range. The best thing is location - so you could even walk to different interesting parts of London",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or65-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bed Bugs - Stay away,"Writing this review is long overdue for me, but here goes.   We were lured in by the cheaper price and the central location (Paddington) which would allow us to explore London with ease one last time before leaving Europe. We had spent the previous few months using AirBNB for our accommodations, but decided we wanted to change things up and stay in an actual hotel to end our trip.  The hotel appeared decent enough on the outside, if a bit rundown upon entry. The staff were kind upon our check in (even though we were booked to the top floor and had to lug our suitcases up narrow stairs with no assistance from staff). Our room was tiny and the furnishings were very outdated and there was barely room for us and our luggage.  We found a bedbug in our sheets after the 1st night, and…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or65-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You can do so much better in the area,"I stayed in this hotel for one night and I know it's not meant to be anything really special but I was glad that I didn't stay longer. The checking process went well but when I got to my room I found that there were no tea and coffee making facilities, no mirror in the bedroom at all, mismatched furniture, A general need of better decoration A very small bathroom which looked as if it had been put in as a last thought. Yes I know that it's no five star hotel and doesn't even promised to be but when you pay £90 for bed-and-breakfast do you expect a little more. On the upside the cooked breakfast was fantastic and the lady downstairs nice and friendly. All in all though I would not return to this hotel and feel that you can find better bed and breakfasts in this area for the…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or65-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Utterly dreadful,"My wife and I booked this hotel as a base to visit central London, thinking it appeared adequate for somewhere simple to sleep in. We were wrong. The hotel appears nice from the road.  The room was shocking, the bed looked uncomfortable and was clearly well used. There were hairs in the bed and the throw over the bed I dread to think how long it had been there. The bedroom furniture was old and cheap and the room required more than a bit of paint. Most worrying of all was a rodent bait box trap on the wardrobe and under the bed. In an email the owner laughably said these weren't traps!!  What else they are for is beyond me. They state they are requires by law, but have never seen one in any other hotel or B&B I have ever stayed in before. The bathroom was clean but tired and…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or65-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Location is brilliant,"I was really apprehensive after reading the bad reviews but I must admit the staff and especially the girls in the kitchen were really friendly and helpful. My husband and I have mobility problems and the hotel put us on the ground floor.  The only problem is going down the stairs to the dining room.  Luckily I can walk but for severely disabled people it is not suitable..  Room was small but bedding was clean and every day cleaners came in. The location is superb for buses and you can walk to Hyde Park within a few minutes. I would certainly stay here again, and probably will in the summer.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or70-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel in London do not stay here!!,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!! A place where they solict prostitutes,rat traps in the rooms,bad management,terrible food,not child friendly we was gave a single bed for a 10 week old   no kettle nor micro wave! Pubic hairs in bedding and shower and sink.no parking. Shock all round!!!!",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or70-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good for one or two nights!,"I stayed here 2 nights with my brother. I expected worse according to rating and reviews, but it was sufficient to our needs! We got good sized room. Facilities were really old and in poor condition. Bathroom in suit but small! Smallest handbasin ever. But u do what u need..Great water pressure in shower! But the bathroom door- It was like closet door, not possible to close- this is bad! Comfy bed, I had good sleep here. But if u r not heavy sleeper I do not recommend! Paperthin walls and u'll hear people from above, below and next room. Wifi and tv worked well. The hotel was clean. Not immaculate, but enought. English breakfast- toasts, 2eggs, tomato, beans, ham and sausage. Coffee and tea.  Dont expect luxury, but u r in London go outside and don't stay in hotel! In my opinion…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or70-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Cheap, clean and excellent location!","I don't understand why people in these ratings are telling to avoid this hotel. Me and my boyfriend had a lovely stay when we visited London during couple of days.  Location was awesome, we walked 5 minutes to Oxford st. Staff was always friendly and the most important; rooms were clean (pretty small though but it was ok to us). Breakfast was also all right, full english including eggs, toasts, ham, tomato, coffee or tea. Of course this isn't a 5 star hotel and we knew that when we booked a room. What so ever, we both were happy to stay at the hotel and if we ever come back to London again we will absolutely come to Normandie hotel. Thank you!",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or70-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",If you can...avoid it.,It was not terrible or dirty or small. It was uncomfortable.The breakfast room was...actually there were no room and when I was expected a classic British breakfast I saw two eggs and a can with beans. Find another hotel.,Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or70-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap hotel in a good location,"I spend last week at Normandie Hotel and overall was really happy. The staff were available 24 hours and always ready to help. We spend a whole week there and honestly because of bad reviews I expected worse. Although the room was a bit small for 3 people and had mouse traps under the beds they were clean. Every day we were given clean towels. The breakfast was good but only english breakfast was available and it is by no means a buffet breakfast. If you want the cheapest hotel in a good  central location in London I would recommand Normandie.That's what we were looking for and I think for the price we paid we got value for money spend, nothing more and nothing less. ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or75-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",comfortable stay,"My husband and I attended a concert in hyde park and needed somewhere to stay within walking distance. Hotel normandie is 5 min walk from Paddington station and then a 5 min walk to hyde park. The hotel is by no means 5 star but it was clean with fresh bedding, all staff were friendly and welcoming and breakfast is included in the price. We had no complaints and the cost was very reasonable",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or75-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Value for the price I paid...but only for London...,"You can survive there just because of people working there. Veeeery pleasant and helpful night guy and a lady, which was very polite and helpful serving the breakfast. Breakfast....Don't expect much...two eggs and beans...Don't even try the sosages...some jam and butter r on the table...and breakfast is over at nine, not very good if u r on your  vocation... Room...nothing to say...was calming myself that it is only the place to sleep...everything is very old...very! The good thing that the bed sheets were new and clean. No tea facilities in the room which is unusual for English hotels. The shower is another history...I have never seen such. Be ready to have a shower cap,if u don't want to wash your hair and bring a hair dryer! A very good location. 15 min walk to Oxford street.…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or75-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Great staff, excellent price","More like a hostel with private rooms. The staff is great and helpful. The night guy from Bulgaria was excellent and helpful. The breakfast lady works really hard. So the toilet was slow flushing and an alarm went off one night, your on vacation for an adventure! You dont spend much time at the hotel because there is so much to do in London! Skip paying lots for accommodations and stay at normandie",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or75-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",The worst hotel ever!,"I have visited over 35 countries during the past 25 years. I don't usually stay in fancy hotels but in Scandinavia Hotel Normandie would not even be called a hotel but rather a hugely over-priced hostel. Our family paid 300 euros a night for two rooms. In most of the major northern European cities we could have gotten a nice family room instead of those small shabby and dirty rooms of Hotel Normandie (in below ground and ground level rooms we smelled mold). We could only get burning hot water. The fans were broken. As a bonus my wife was bitten by a bed bug in room number 8. Some staff members replied in a rude fashion to our polite complaints. So far all of my world wide hotel experiences (from the Mediterranean countries, the Balkans, the Middle East, North and South America,…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or75-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap and average,"I was very worried after reading the reviews on here. However, I tried to be positive and it sort of worked (I took my sleeping bag just in case).  Yes, it's very basic. Yes, it's not spotless. Yes, there was some sort of box under the bed. Yes the bathroom door doesn't shut properly. However, I think I paid £60 for two nights with breakfast. 5 mins walk from paddington station. In a nice ish area and the breakfast wasn't too bad. We were out most of the time anyway. If you want a very cheap b&b in London then yes. If you want spotless then no. I would probably choose spotless. ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or80-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bare Bones Hotel Near the Marble Arch,"The Normandie Hotel is located just a few blocks from the Marble Arch and Hyde Park; there is an Underground Station nearby and lots of restaurants and shops on the main street, Edgeware. The room was clean and very plain; the Wi-Fi worked great and there were lots of English speaking programs on the T.V. The English breakfast included in the price was offered in the basement from approx. 7:30- 9:30 a.m. and included eggs, toast, instant coffee or tea, juice, English bacon (ham), sausage, and cooked tomato. The front desk and staff were helpful. The only problem with the hotel was that there were many Middle Eastern outdoor cafes and stores on Edgeware and the men sitting at the tables stared at us every time we walked past. We felt uncomfortable and decided to avoid that…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or80-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",shabby,"The room doesn't corresponding with the price. Really cramped room, shabby furniture, wonky trundle bed, wonky lock of the door. Regulation of water tap in the shower doesn't work, so there is just really hot water. The english breakfast is not bad.       ",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or80-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Dreadful hotel!,"Makes Fawlty Towers look like a 5 star hotel. Mouse traps under beds and desks. (they'd written it's standard but it's not)  The water poured down from the ceiling in the bathroom and the room due to leaking water pipes, in the first room we had , when we told the receptionist who spoke very poor English - he said that the manager came later to look at it. The manager offered us a room up under the roof with steep stairs all the way or one in the basement. We took it in the basement (as they rushed to hire our not jet abandoned room to someone else.) In the basement there were also water running down from the ceiling from another leaking water pipe. I have lived in 23 different hotels in the area, this is the worst - if the price had been Hostel price I could understand it but…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or80-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Grim Room,"Booked 2 rooms B&B for my daughter and her friends; booking was simple and prices reasonable.  However, in 1 room the occupants were bitten all night by bed-mites - or something similar - and in the other room my daughter found mouse/rat traps and insect traps under the bed.  The staff, being of east European origin, had limited ability to deal with the complaints and I asked to speak to the manager.  As they were telling me he would not be available until the day after they checked out, my daughter txt me to inform that he was there, telling the staff what to tell me.  The staff then hung up on me.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or80-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Fab. !!!!!  Great accommodation and location,"I stayed here on 21st feb till 23rd feb 2014, (2nights) with my mother and daughter. It  was a surprise weekend for my daughter as it was her bday on the 22nd feb.  we arrived and was given our room key (no 6 ).   The room was a good size for all 3 of us,  in the room was 1 double bed and bunk bed, nice sized bathroom and tv which was on the wall. We  had a brilliant view being at the front. their was a ironing board and fan in the wardrobe. We had Fresh towels and our beds were made when we came back on the Saturday.  We went for breakfast and the lady was so friendly and helpfull, me and my mom wanted just bacon and toast, after we had eaten the toast and bacon we asked for more and she was more than happy to get us more, we was always welcomed at the table with orange juice,…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or85-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",dreadful,"dreadful hotel.  The room was so small it was almost impossible to get in.  The bed linen was cheap, the mattresses old. Everything looked grubby.  The bathroom, although reasonable in size had huge stains on the ceiling.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or85-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Definitely do NOT stay here!,"We booked for 3 nights, planned a side trip to Oxford for 3 nights, and then had reserved for an additional 3 nights. We prepaid. We had read the reviews but received assurances that the hotel was in good shape. Our first nights were ok - it was a mediocre hotel at a reasonable price. When we left for Oxford, we saw our reservation in their books for our additional 3 nights. Thus, we were surprised when we returned 3 days later to discover that they had moved us to another hotel a block away. The room was a damp basement room with visible mold and cracks. I'm allergic to mold and felt ill within minutes. We said that the room was unacceptable as we had not reserved for that hotel. We spent the next two hours trying to reach orbitz and trying to negotiate. My husband knows Greek…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or85-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bed Bugs,Please do not stay in this hotel - you will be bitten by bed bugs and you will at risk of taking them home with you.  The rooms are tiny and dirty - the service is also poor.  I wouldn't go for breakfast with fear of what state the kitchens are kept in.  Stay away.,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or85-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",The worst value hotel I have ever stayed in.,"When we checked in, the reception desk employee spoke limited English and it was difficult to get him to understand what we wanted. The room seemed clean enough but there was a pile of dirty sheets and towels in the middle of the floor which the housekeeper must have forgotten. I tossed them into the hall where they stayed until after we left (maybe there still). The phone didn't work and the deskman didn't know how to allow me to make a call - I had to do it from the front desk. The toilet seat was broken and not attached to the toilet. At 2 AM I heard the unmistakable sound of gnawing from under the bed where I found mouse bait boxes (poison). I complained and was told there were no mice (why was there a bait box?). The bottom of the box spring was torn so I am sure there were…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or85-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",The WORST Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In,I was booked into this hotel by my employer. When I arrived at 5.30pm there was a lady outside drinking wine from a bottle and the door was locked. I had to knock several times to get in. This should have been my first clue! Despite the fact that my room was prepaid the man on reception tried to get me to pay again resulting in several phone calls to my employer. When I eventually got to the room the door couldn't be locked from the inside and was dirty with the sink hanging off the wall. There were no hot drink facilities either. When I went to bed I noticed that it was crawling withIinsects! The smoke alarm also appeared to not be working. In the morning my 'full English' breakfast was cold slop with four slices of toast. When my employer tried to call the hotel to cancel the…,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or90-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",OBS! BEDBUGS!!!,"This Hotel is infested with bedbugs!!!   Part from that the staff is polite and you get both a bed and hot water.   But, you also get bedbugs. And that trouble is not worth saving a bob or two...  Personally we like to save money on hotels, but this time we would rather have spent a few more £££ on a clean, bedbug free environment.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or90-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid - dishonored reservation,"We had 2 three-day reservations (double room) separated by two days travel.  In light of negative reviews, we emailed owner and got assurance that room would be mold-free and in good repair.   First room was clean, but cramped by extra bunk bed.  On return, we learned that room 9, assigned to us, had been double booked to a larger party.  They sent us to a basement twin room in Hotel Pacific that had mold growing out of the wall and was uninhabitable.  We had to pay $300 extra for last minute room at another hotel.  Don't trust this unscrupulous hotel owner.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or90-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Warning,"Grandma and grandpa with grandson arrived Normandie Hotel for a one week stay in London, late June 2013. Reservation since early May followed up by E: mail to ensure combination room or two rooms closed together. At arrival we found the rooms assigned to us were no. 1 in the basement and no. 14 on the top. No. 1 was not in condition to be used at all. No. 14 had 2 beds. After some arguing we got room no. 9 with an extra bed. But the room was dirty, the shower-head had not been cleaned for years. The lamp over the bed was hanging from the electrical wire (very dangerous). In the wardrobe a couple of mousetraps were placed, for safety according to the receptionist. The ventilation system was not existing, the only way was to open the window for some air and for free we got the…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or90-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good Value,"We stayed one night in a twin room, room was very small but adequate and warm on a very cold night. The bathroom ould do with an update but is clean and functional, the breakfast was first class as was the parking both included in the price and only 5 minutes from Marble Arch.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or90-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"Turned up at the hotel full of concerns as to what some other people had written about it. First impressions not great as the receptionist could not work the terminal for our credit card. However once we had lugged our suitcase up the 57 stairs to room 14 to drop off our baggage we started to relax. The hotel is pretty cheap for London, the price reflects the facilities, but if you like us were looking for a decent shower, edible breakfast and an adequate bed then this place will do you fine. Location is first class, dozens of restaurants, pubs and shops nearby and Edgware Road tube station is about 5 minutes walk.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or95-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid this place,"I picked this hotel because of its location--and that is really the only good thing about it.  The rooms are rather run down and over filled with furniture, beds are uncomfortable and everything seems flimsy and half-done (I can only imagine how bad it was before the renovation).  I was traveling with a friend, so we booked a room with two twin beds, when we got there they put us in a room with a double (apparently an ""upgrade"") and I took the twin bed--which wasn't really a bed at all, it was one of those metal rolling cot type of things that most hotels will offer if you are putting an extra CHILD in the room.  Needless to say it was uncomfortable, but after requesting the staff change our sheets and (scruffy) towels 3 times my friend and I traded beds and I found out the…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or95-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Review of a mid-week's stay... .,"If you, like most people, dislike the idea of waking up in a very small room with filthy stains on the ceiling and a semi-broken door separating bath- and bedroom, then you might want to avoid staying in this hotel. The shower contained fungal spores and even slugs(!)... not to mention the clogged drain giving you either a filthy footbath or a flooded bathroom. Its location sadly enough does not compensate for the lack of quality, despite it being very close to Hyde Park, Harrods, Buckingham Palace and the Lancaster Gate Underground station. Overall, this hotel scored poorly!",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or95-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location,"Everything was great about this hotel, except there were no toiletries in the bathroom   and no tea and coffee facilities in the room. It was very clean and the staff very friendly. We did not have the breakfast so i cannot comment on that.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or95-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Crap,Dismal foam on spring mattress single for 70 pounds was a joke; front desk said they couldn't' take credit cards because all machines were broken and demanded cash; rooms w/peeling paint and dirty floors.  AVOID this!  Sleep in the street!  NO wireless internet.,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or95-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Friendly staff but shame about what they provide!,"The Normandie hotel is well placed and have a friendly staff base but this in no way makes up for the lack of everything else. The rooms are clean but dated and there are no drinks! What are people supposed to do! Went out as didn't want to drink from the wc basin! The place was supposed to have a refit but the bed was like sleeping on the floor. Would have got a better sleep! Breakfast was 7.30am but did catch staff who kindly did mine earlier. Small, with coffee that I wouldn't put on the plants for fear of killing them! Sorry but won't be staying with them again. Room 15 top floor, did carry my bag up when they saw I had a problem with them. ",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or100-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",They are cheaters,I booked a room for 2 nights. We checked in and kept our stuff and went for shopping. After coming at night we aee they gave our room to someone else by mistake and took all our luggage our to reception without asking. They did not even return the payment atlast being as a tourist I could t do anything but had to leave from there with our lugage,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or100-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",spoilt my stay in london,"Were do i begin, i have just spent 2 nights in (room 8) here and the minute i walked in i should have known! i wish i had asked to see the room before i payed, sink, toilet holder, plug socket were coming off the wall, toilet seat not secure, curtains hanging off rail the furniture was old and grubby, no lock on the window and the bed oh my i would be ashamed to put it on the tip! I dont think they have a nozzle on there hoover to go around the edges of the room, i didnt want to put my feet on the carpet, the silicon in the shower room was filthy and coming away,i just wanted to get home and have a bath, there was no hair dryer and a disopointment theres was no tea making facilities, floor boards creaked and we could here the couple above at it!!  on a possitive note the dinning…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or100-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I would rate this a 2.5 star,"The hotel is a very inexpensive option and very near to the tube station at Paddington but it is a lower end hotel. Our room was #12 and was on the 3rd floor (that is the 4th for Americans) and they do not have a lift. The room was very clean, no bed bugs but the mattress is older (and I did take pictures of it if required to prove that it is not new). The breakfast is excellent and made to order. The radiator did not work but there was a very efficient space heater that did the trick. We did notice an odor to our room, I could not quite place what it was but the cleaning staff must have noticed it too because the window was wide open every day when we arrived back even though it was 0-5 degrees Celsius each day (that’s why we needed the space heater). Twice during our stay the…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or100-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Wonderfull Stay, Clean and Welcoming",I booked this hotel after seeing good reviews on another website and after doing so was really worried when I was advised to check Trip Advisor and read some of the horrible reviews.  We stayed a week in a triple room which was not large or small but pleasant and very clean.  The bath was tiny but people have to remember that most of these hotels are converted row houses with small spaces converted for other uses than they were originally intended.  The breakfasts were wonderful and very filling.  Every person that we dealt with from the owner to the ladies who made our breakfast were delightful.  We had one problem during our stay that cause some concern. A leak developed in the shower above us and leaked into our room.  We immediately went to the front desk and gathered waste…,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or100-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Doesn't Get Much Worse,"This 'hotel' (if you can call it that?) is an absolute disgrace. I booked a 1 night stay and didn't! The room and bed was filthy, stained bedding, dirtry carpet and an ensuite which was small, dirty and smelly. This place should be condemned.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or105-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Just don't stay there,"I stayed in this hotel (room 4) on 4th October. I often visit London to see shows, and I have to say this is the WORST hotel I have stayed in. I was supposed to stay in the Abbey Court Hotel just down the road, but on arrival was told there was some ""problem"" about my room, and I was transferred to their ""sister"" hotel the Normandie. My room had a double bed and a single, so no room to put luggage. The carpet was filthy as were the curtains. After searching for the ""tea making facilities"" I went to reception to enqire. The receptionist seemed astounded that I would expect this, and disappeared for several minutes before producing a cup and T bags and milk. The first kettle didn't work, but the second one did. On the plus side, the sheets/towels were clean, and the cooked…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or105-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",bed bugs,"I stayed at this hotel a few months ago and I will never stay again, I should of smelled a rat straight away after seeing rat catchers under the dressing table, but I thought I'm only here a few days and it's cheap, what should I expect. I stayed one night after being bit all over my body, of which I still have marks, when I brought this up with the owner he questioned where I had stayed previously, implying I had brought the problem in, although admitting pest control was ongoing, I have stayed in many hotels in paddington over the years and this is truly the worst, avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or105-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Desperately needs attention,"I have just stayed 5 nights at the Normandie Hotel . We booked a triple room. The room could just accommodate 2 people but was far too small to accommodate 3. There was nowhere to store 1 suitcase let alone 3. Our room was not made up at all on the 2nd day we were there. On the 3rd day we only received 2 towels, not 3. On telling staff at reception it took them ONE HOUR on each occasion for them to bring us clean towels.  No lights worked at the reception room toilet. I told management. 4 days later there were still no lights. I asked to use the phone to make an urgent call. I was refused and sent to another hotel down the road to make the call. The room was shabby. The bedspread had holes , carpet was worn, furniture was old with little varnish remaining. Curtains were falling…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or105-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bed bugs experience,"After my first night I thought that I had been bitten by insects. During the day the bites developed into yellow blisters which eventually began to weep. I looked horrible - my one yes was almost closed. The second night I got up at 4 o'clock in the night due to the bites. I had a look in the mirror and decided to go for medical help. I went to the reception which is supposed to be about open around the clock. A piece of paper placed on the door said, "" Will be back in 15 minutes"" - i woder when the 15 minutes had begun. I went back to my room. Then I thought that this couldn¨t be right so i went back to the reception and knocked intensely on the door. It turned out that the receptionist had been sleeping. Aftewards i went to the hospital nearby where they confirmed my worst…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or105-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Tired decor but OK if cheap,"I was tranferred to the Normandie Hotel from the nearby Gresham Hotel due to overbooking.  The room (booked as a single but laid out as a twin) was adequate for a single but would have been extremely snug for two.  Everything pretty clean, and there'd been some reasonably recent refurbishment of the bathroom (decent shower head, retiled) but the room was generally pretty tired and in need of some TLC.    My main issue was the road noise, my room was on the 2nd floor at the front of the hotel and I slept very poorly due to bus/road noise, so a room at the rear would have been much better.    In summary, probably OK for a very short stay if you can get it cheap - mainly due to good proximity to Paddington station and tube.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or110-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location thats about it!,"Im not one to moan but heres what i think.Looks great from the outside.no lift and steep stairs,not suitable for anyone with small kids,old or problems with mobility.Great location near Oxford street and tubes. Breakfast lovely.Lady working on breakfast lovely and friendly. Problem was no lock on the window,could hear ppl walking upstairs cuz the wood would squeek. Could aslo hear the toilet flush any time some one upstairs flushed it.We only got two towles and not one in the bathroom for drying our hands or my hair. On second morning at 9am we could hear noise outside our apt. Was a man painting outside our room and the smell was toxic.for the duration of our stay he was painting.As ppl know its not a nice smell and well it gave me a headache.So for an one staying there this…",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or110-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",this hotel is alright for a two night stay.,we found the hotel ok for a two night stay.the furniture in the room should be replaced because it is old and a bit scruffy.,Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or110-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I can NOT recommend this hotel!,"We stayed at Normandie Hotel in November and the heat was not working. The room smelled of cigarettes and was in a very poor condition. The staff was friendly, but we often had to wait outside the hotel for quit a while before someone would let us in.  I will never stay at this hotel again!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or110-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I would say never stay again or recommend to anyone.,"The room was downstairs, not easy accress if you have any disability or carrying a case. and very small and in great need of refurbishment. The  bathroom was small and the toilet seat had much flaking paint and considerable movement.  It was extremely noisy making sleep impossible until about 3.am.   The diningroom/kitchen staff started around 7am and were extremely noisy.   Both areas were next to the room.   The breakfast was ok although the staff were pleasant",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or110-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid this dreadful hotel at all costs,"This place is a total rip-off. Totally mis-represented on the web-site and brochures, that say it is newly refurbished - perhaps in 1970! When I challenged the staff about this, they said the brochures were old. I said they could update the website in 5 minutes, and remove the brochures from the desk. He had no answer to that. We had to check out early because of the extremely low standard and they refused to refund the money, saying that cancellation with refunds could only be made 48 hours in advance. The room was noisy, not that clean, very shabby furniture, bed was very uncomfortable with old springs that were obviously broken, pokey shower room with no shower gel or shampoo, let alone a hairdryer. Breakfast was minimal (cheap orange juice, cheap cold white toast). And at…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or115-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",The most expensive coffee in London!,"I booked 2 twin rooms for 2 nights through Hotwire who stated that the Normandie was a 3 star hotel in Notting Hill. It was at least a 25 min walk to Notting Hill. On arrival we waited in a very smelly reception area. The staff must have been aware of the smell because as we waited a lady came into the room, sprayed the area with air freshener and opened the window.  Then were told there were no rooms for us due to Hotwire not sending the booking through although I had booked the hotel 5 weeks before. The manager told us he would try to get us another hotel but he did not know how long it would be. We said we would go for a coffee and come back but he said that he could get them for us.  After an hour of waiting, we had drunk the cappachinos (in cardboard cups) but we still had…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or115-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Decent hotel, but way overpriced","My wife and I needed a hotel to stay in for a few nights after having to leave the Caesar.  Without reading the tripadvisor reviews, we went to the first choice that came up online.  We realized later that was a huge mistake.  While the front desk was very friendly and location great, the Normandie was way overpriced.  The rooms were very small and not extremely clean; we did not see the rats described in other reviews, but it could have been cleaner.  The lack of an elevator meant we had to carry our luggage several flights of stairs.  The breakfast, while complimentary, ended far to early.  For those looking for a good hotel in the area, I would recommend trying the Days Inn or Best Western next door.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or115-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","This would be okay, if it were a hostel","My friend actually said that when we checked in.  The moment we walked in, somebody was at the front desk complaining about his room.  We carried our bags up four flights of stairs, with no offer of help, past beat up walls and a mattress in the hallway.  The water glass for the room was sitting on the window sill, next to an ashtray.  The door had burn marks on it from where it opens too close to a light.  The room was small, even for the UK, and it was absolutely not worth the over-$100 per night we were paying.  We checked out a day early, and the man at the desk was rude when telling me that we wouldn't be refunded, since we didn't cancel 48 hours in advance.  The beds were clean.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or115-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",avoid if you have any sense,we had booked hotel through lastminute.com and paid in full at the time of booking.  On arrival I was asked to pay again as they said I had only paid a deposit.  On inspection of my print out which showed I'd paid in full receptionist grudgingly said she would check it out.  After climbing several flights of very narrow stairs my son and I discovered that we were expected to share a double bed when I had specifically booked a twin room when we complained we were told that twin rooms could not be guaranteed and that they could not shift us as they were full.  I spoke to the manager on the phone who thought that sharing with my son shouldnt be a problem as he would share with his mother I pointed out that my son was 24 not 4.  So 1st night of stay son had to sleep on floor.  We…,Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or115-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",above average service,"I read very bad review to this hotel and I had thought of giving up the rooms I booked.  Fortunately I did come and we find the hotel service not bad.  We stayed five nights, finding the rooms a bit small but beds were clean and water supply good.  I had been to some other B&B here in paddington where the location is excellent and Normandie's service is above average.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or120-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Terrible, never go there!!",We were relocated in this hotel because of an overbooking of Ratestogo... it was a very unpleasant situation! Should not be called a 3-star. Maximum 1-star!!,Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or120-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","I will not go back, even if I get it for free...","I had made a reservation for ""The classic hotel"" but their hotel was under renovation...so I end up in a room at this place. First of all, the receptionist wasn't there...so we had to wait for an hour our at the street to get our room... The room we got, was at the top floor and was dirty and smelly...I asked for a code to get internet connection and he said 15£...although I had booked a room at a hotel with free internet connection..so I had to raise my voice to get it for free! He was very annoying rest of our time we spent there. We also had small black bugs crawling on the floor.... Breakfast was the only thing that was so great!! The lady who worked there was so nice.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or120-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Never Again!!!!!!!!,"Having stayed here for 4 nights, I can honestly say that it is the worst hotel we have stayed in!  The bed however was clean, but apart from that it was horrible! The cupboard doors in our room would not close, two light bulbs were not working, the curtains were hanging down off the curtain pole, the skirting boards and walls were filthy and the walls and ceiling water stained from above. The TV was high in the corner of the bedroom,  (satelitte TV??????)  the picture was terrible and almost impossible to watch unless you wanted a stiff neck!!!!! The soap dish in the bathroom was resting on pipes under the sink, whilst the fitting was still swinging on the wall, and the toilet was useless to say the least!!  Breakfast was disgusting and the teapot that was given to us had a…",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or120-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Friendly, clean, in great location and great value","My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. It was £112 pounds for the stay which included a cooked breakfast. This was pretty tasty, a good size with loads of toast and as many re-fills of tea and coffee that you requested.  Throughout our stay the staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location for the stations and some nice restaurants / take aways / bars and shops.  The room was warm and clean. The second morning we stayed we went to breakfast - came back and the room had been refreshed including clean towels.  The shower was hot and powerfull ;-)  Our room was a decent size double..the only small issue was it was a bit noisy in the morning as it was basement level near the kitchen, but - i would just request a higher room next time.  Of course, it…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or120-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Damp, Cold Dirty & Small","Just got back from a two night stay, had read the reviews but decided to stay as find many poor reviews are written by picky people who expect 5 star facilities for a budget price! However must say most of the reviews here are correct.  The guy on duty when I arrived was very friendly and helpful. I was given a key to room No 1 in the basement, i hadn't spent much so didn't expect much! When I opened the door the room smelt strongly of damp with damp all over the wallpaper, the room was cold and I couldn't have slept in it with the damp smell. I refused the room and got moved to room 11 on the third floor. The room was like a prison cell with sinlge bed (very clean linen) but furniture was dirty, walls were dirty (you could see where people had stuck chewing gum on the wall next…",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or125-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL EVER!!! There are rats living here.,"Oh my god. Don't do this to yourself. The hotel is trash! And it's not manned 24/7. When we got our room we noticed that the walls and the sheets were wet (and it was sooooo cold in our room and in the bathroom). We complained but all they could do was to change sheets, there was no other room avaliable (although it said vacansies on the front door). They said that it was wet because of the rain.[--], we could see dampdamage on the walls and mould in the roof. BUT the worst thing was the night when we woke up by a scratching sound. IT WAS A RAT! Lucky for us it was our last night. I warn you. DO NOT STAY HERE!",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or125-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",We had an excellent stay,"The staff and owner were very helpful and friendly, and the hotel was very clean and well-maintained. We are definitely returning and recommending it to our friends.",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or125-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I can honestly say that this ""hotel"" is quite possibly the worst I have stayed in so far.The room was quite smelly and also quite dirty ( the bathroom was clean though). The beds were stained and it was hard to tell what the original colour of the chair in the corner was.I didn't unpack as heaven knows what was living in the wardrobe and drawers The bed covers were full of holes and the third bed for my 13yr old son was uncomfortable and small. At  least we only paid £150 for 3 for 2 nights which for central London is not bad I suppose Thankfully we were out for most of the time. I would not recommend this hotel my friends or enemies. I am appalled that  overseas visitors may think that this is a typical British hotel. I don't expect The Ritz for the money we paid but a bit of…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or125-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Never ever again,"The Normandie is a complete was of money.  The Shower ceiling collapsed on my wife while she was taking a shower.  The owner did not even give us an apology.  One night we were locked out of the hotel in the rain for over 30 minuets and once again nothing was done for us.  There are tons of decent, clean and affordable hotels near Paddington.  Don't was your time or money here.  Tod Neely",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or125-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Nice Location, Great Price","Stayed here with my bf during our xmas trip in 2007, was look through the many hotels and B&Bs around the area (Paddington) & we decided on Normandie coz' we were on a tight budget and it has a nice location. My bf rang up for the reservation and the staff who answered the phone seems nice and polite (made us decided our choice was right).   We arrived London at around 11.30am, asked in the email if we could check in early, they were nice enough to allow us. Did not have any problems checking in. We were allocated at the top floor room, no lift in the hotel so we had to carry our luggages up a couple flights of stairs. Room furnishing included all the basis, overall clean room, sheets and bathroom. We were satisfied with our room with the rate that we paid at £55/night.…",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or130-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bargain!,"After reading the reviews on this page I feared  the worse. But I was nicely surprised by hte Normandie Hotel. Sure, the curtains and carpet are old. But the bed was fine and the bathroom nice and clean. Location is very good, save and clean neighbourhood just around the corner of Paddington station. Tube and buses take you everywhere, within a few minutes you're at Oxford Street or Picadilly Circus.   Staff at the hotel was helpfull and very kind. So I have to disagree with other reviews here.  I paid 56 pounds a night for a room (twin-beds)! You can't expect a lot of luxury fot that. So for the money, I think it's a real good bargain!! A great place to stay if you want to discover the city.",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or130-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",I think they tried to rob us.,"I am fairly certain they tried to rob us, twice.  Once, the front desk guy came into the room without knocking, and when he saw me said that he had come to check that our windows were closed, which made little sense.  Then, the next night at 1:30am someone tried to sneak into our room while we were asleep.  Unfortunately for them, we were simply awake watching DVDs, so he ran off.  When I went downstairs the guy at the front desk was acting shady, which makes sense since he would be the only other person in the hotel with a key.  He kept making absurd excuses, like perhaps the buses rumbling down the street had unlocked the door, opened the door, and then stuck an arm and foot into the room.  I'd stay away from this place.",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or130-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Never again,"Fawlty Towers with John Cleese must be a 6 star hotell compared to Normandie Hotel. I recommend all other tourists to London, even my worse enemies, never to walk through the door at Normandie Hotel. Rude personel and a VERY low standard. It is not a hotel. Bed & Breakfast is a better description, or even just a bed, as the breakfast is terrible.",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or130-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Appaulling,"Now be warned. This is  truely for backpackers who want to waste their money. I am not a backpacker and chose this decaying box because of the recent reviews. I arrived afternoon and raining. It tock a very long time for someone to answer the door. Yes they had my booking, 50 pounds you must pay. I had already paid through expedia, NO you must pay 50 pounds... Some heated words and finally the document was found under other papers. Oh sorry you have paid. Right, just another attempt at trying to bleach unsuspecting travellers of their money. My room, very spacious for Paddington, but the tv(tiny ) and so high on the wall a sore neck was coming. The windows have NO locks inviting would be light fingers easy access. Now look at my pics. the wallpaper about to fall off and the…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or130-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",NEVER recommend!!!,"We had a very bad experience with this hotel. The staff was very rude and very unhelpful. When we want to cancel our stay, the owner came and started talking very unprofessionally and rudely (his way of talking to us was very annoying and noisy!)!! The breakfast was very bad.!! It included baked beans(in the morning!!), bread, jam, and tea!!Nothing much...The room was very tiny! The curtains were not working, so we needed to ask them to change the room or fix the curtains. They were very rude at everything..Also there is no elevator, stairs were very narrow...I'll never go there again and I don't recommend it to anyone!!! It is really worth paying 20 pounds more and stay in a better place!! It was just nerve recking!!",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or135-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",absolutely awful !,"We booked this hotel at least 4 months in advance, it was the last night of our 2 week holiday.  We are 2 couples and arrived at the hotel approx 2-pm.  Upon arrival, we were told our rooms were allocated in other hotels - 2 separate hotels.  We asked them why this was so and asked to at least be put into the same hotel as it was our last night together with our friends.  They said they were fully booked and could not do this.  We were also told our bookings did not arrive together (I booked through expedia) and they did not know we were travelling together.  But clearly on the booking form they showed me that they had received, it clearly stated 2 rooms together.  I was not impressed with this denial.  Our friends were allocated a room in another hotel which was marginally ok. …",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or135-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",The worst one ever!!!,"My husband and I got a room downstairs(room 1), which was tiny, I could not even open my suitcase on the floor!!hardly any place between the beds.The bathroom was so tiny!!The whole room had a very dump smell, nice view to a dirty wall, the window had no lock, so anyone could open it from outside(there was a tiny back garden with an fire exit door.  No kettle in the room which I thought a must in a 3 star. The breakfast was ok, that was the only thing that seem sensible!! I've never seen the hotel like this in my life.It's not chap though £80 per night so we didn't expect this at all. Tried to talk to reception, but he was useless and if we wanna move to the other room we got to pay £20 extra. I didn't sleep all night long, we did move to another hotel frist thing in morning.…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or135-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Decent budget hotel,"Well after reading so many bad reviews about this hotel I have to say it didn't live up to expectations. We had a terrible journey down from the North of England (7 hours on a train), so didn't arrive at the hotel until 1.30 in the morning. The staff were very courteous and even offered to get us something to eat.  Yes the rooms are quite small and yes they are a little tired but come on its a very good value more B&B than hotel in great proximity to Paddington tube station. The bathroom was immaculate and fresh towels and soap were left the next day. Breakfast was included in our great deal with hotels.com.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or135-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",i like it,"a nice hotel near the tube paddington. we had 2 double rooms at third floor(no elevator) clean rooms but old.  And english breakfast egg,bacon,beans . nice stuff.cheap!!! Linda",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or135-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful!,"My boyfriend booked this hotel as part of my Christmas present and he felt truly awful for it!   We arrived at the hotel at approx 2pm to be told that our room was just being cleaned so we had a short wait. Once we were shown to our room we were immediately hit with the a damp smell and coldness (the window had been left wide open in an attempt to rid the smell from the room). However we tried to look in the bright side, we were only staying for the night and wouldn't be spending much of our time in the hotel.   Within about an hour of arriving in our room, we were settling in when the door handle started to turn and someone attempted to enter the room. Fortunately we had deadlocked the door, what really worried me was that if they tried to enter the room whilst you were in…",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or140-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",OK if you're only there for somewhere to sleep,"Our room was very small with no kettle, biscuits, welcome leaflets, shampoo or anything, which one would usually expect in a 3 star hotel. It was very cold, I could not even have a shower because the bathroom was absolutely freezing and dirty - luckily we were only staying one night!   The worst part of the stay was when a male receptionist burst into the room without knocking or anything and when he saw us standing there he said he had come to check the radiator was working! It was very suspicious. Later he phoned our room asking us to pay for the room before the morning as we had only paid a deposit when booking. We could not pay for the room when checking in as the woman said she didn't know how to use the credit card machine!   Breakfast was OK but was only served between…",Date of stay: December 2007,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or140-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Not what an American (or anyone) would or should expect at a ""3 star"" hotel","Let's get something out of the way: I think when most Americans and Canadians read something that says ""3 stars"", we expect something significantly more than what we get in European hotels; we expect something along the line of a decent Holiday Inn or Best Western and instead get something that's far more utilitarian --and that's certainly been the case on several of my travels, so I try to keep that in mind.  However, with my visit to the Normandie Hotel in London, I finally hit a point where I have to say: ""this is ridiculous.""  So yes, let me be clear before moving on: this is _worse_ than what Americans have come to expect from so-called ""3 star"" hotels in Europe.  Where do I even begin?  My room was for two guests, it had a grand total of two towels.  Two medium size towels…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or140-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Mouldy back room,I totally agree with Giorgio182's review. The room my son and I  got in mid july 2007 was nothing like those described. We were stuck in a horrible little basement room at the rear. The stairs down to the room (and the kitchen) was tacky with paint peeling and old carpets. I cannot understand how this hotel is described as refurbished - it needs refurbishing!  We were refused a change of room because nothing was available when we complained. If we had not prepaid and were staying just 2 nights we would have walked out.  As soon as we opened our room door we smelled damp and saw mould in the corner wall. A duct in the wall in the bathroom was broken open and we worried about vermin coming up there. The tile grouting around the shower was grimy and mouldy.   Our window opened…,Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or140-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",this can't be a 3 star...terrible,"I visited London with my mom, who had never been there before.I tried to choose a nice hotel, with nice English breakfast(did not want to go for more expensive 4 star, because as myself work for a hotel in Ireland I expected the 3 star could be nice enough, as we would spend few hours there anyway.) We booked the Belmont and Astoria Hotel, but ended up in the Normandie which was almost next door, the receptionist started to explaine something that he needs to accommodate us in the other hotel because he had some problems in his hotel with some guests.I suppose in the Normadie we got the last room because they put the no vacancies sign right after we had arrived.  We got a room downstairs(room 1), which was tiny, I could not even open my suitcase on the floor!!hardly any place…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or140-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",No problems here,"Easy to find from Paddington Station - easy access to all parts of London.  Rooms clean & comfortable, staff friendly enough.  Good breakfast - choice of cereal & toast or bacon & eggs & toast (with beans or tomatoes).  Very good value for money for London. ",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or145-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",poor location,"Very poor hotel considering the price we spent for it.  I wouldn't even call it Hotel but it's actually a small B&B.  The room is absolutely NOT as shown in the pictures, we got a very small room (twin beds instead of double as booked),  pretty dirty and uncomfortable.  poor bathroom and shower (couldn't close the door!), no remote control on TV, tiny breakfast, bad overall service.  The only good thing is the location, very convenient, close the Oxford street, Hyde park and Notting Hill and well connected by the underground (area1).   In the same street (Sussex Gardens) there are loads of hotels better than this one.  I would NEVER EVER go back there.  Giorgio ",None,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or145-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not too bad but could be better!,"The first surprise my mother and I got was that there is NO ELEVATOR in this hotel.  This makes it less than ideal for anyone travelling with luggage as the stairs are numerous and steep.  The staff at the front desk didn't offer to help us with our bags either, we asked and they grudgingly complied.  Secondly, though our room was positively HUGE by London standards (and even by North American budget hotel standards) it wasn't terribly well kept.  There was a desk that was dusty and stained, same with the bedside tables and a couple of the lights were bereft of lightbulbs.  Also, the heating seemed to come and go as it pleased leaving us quite cold at times.  The fact that the window didn't close properly didn't help matters much either.  However, as with most hotels, it had its…",Date of stay: December 2006,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or145-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A good London Bed & Breakfast,"I have just returned from a weekend break in The Normandie Hotel London, this is a nice small family owned hotel a short walk away from Paddington Station.  I was in a single room that was very small but was clean and warm, I had to sleep with the window open in November so they do not skimp with the heating!  The upholstery in the Bedroom could have done with being replaced (Curtains & bedspreads) as they were a bit tired ,when the smoking ban comes into play next year this will be an ideal time to do  it, However the Sheets were clean ,also the room & Shower room  were  serviced every day.  The breakfast was nice with Cornflakes or Full English being offered accompanied with Tea, Coffee & Toast.   There is a full night porter service. If you, as I was, want to stay out late in…",Date of stay: November 2006,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or145-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",An average British B & B,"The Normandie is in a fabulous location, walking distance to Paddington Station area / Praed Street Mick's (Fish and Chiper dround the corner is one of the best anywhere and the Bonne Bouche bakery on Praed is highly recommended)) and many good little restaurants. You can also (as I did) if you're in reasonable shape, walk to Edgeware road and all the fantastic middle eastern restaurants. From there, of course, Oxford Street is only a stroll away. Great location. However, the maintentenance was a bit lacking (the single, grubby curtain was hanging by one hook when i checked in and I had to repair it!) and the place is generally not that well maintained. The bedspreads and blankets could have come off a tip somewhere! The sheets were clean though, and changed daily - bathroom was…",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d620045-Reviews-or145-Normandie_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Normandie Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good value - would stay there again,We only had 2 days to stay in London and were arriving late at Heathrow so wanted a place convenient. The Normandie Hotel in Paddington sounded like to sort of place that would suit us... and it was. The express train from HR to Paddington then a 5 min walk to the hotel was very convenient. The hotel is a converted house with 14 rooms and is privately owned. The staff were excellent and very helpful. The breakfasts were very good and were included in the price. The room we had although not big was clean and adequate for what we wanted. The buses run right by the Hotel and there are a number of cafes and restaurants close by. We would definately stay there again. At 69 pounds / night for the two of us including breakfast we thought it was good value. ,None,4.0
