,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or0-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",PERFECT LONDON LOCATION - BOOK DIRECT,"I have stayed at this hotel twice whilst visiting London.  It is VALUE for MONEY!  It is not a 5 star hotel, so if you are looking for luxuries it is not for you.  It does exactly as it advertises.  I have worked in branded hotels and compare hotels that I stay at.  Positives: LOCATION: You can see Kings Cross Station from the door step. You can walk to Euston Station in less than 5 minutes.  The street feels safe.  BREAKFAST: It includes a FREE breakfast, breakfast is basic, it is nice, a variety of drinks and the team making the breakfast are friendly.  RECEPTION: I believe was 24 hours, so this is a nice security feature, the door is locked after a certain time, but you have your key.  The day and night staff are very polite and helpful.   BED: Sheets and towels are laundered externally by an agency,  this is important as you know then that they should be clean.  I have always found the bed sheets, pillows and towel to be clean.  I don't like it when items are laundered in house.  FACILITIES: The bathrooms are very small and basic, but they do the job.  Tip: Wherever you stay around the world ALWAYS book direct instead of using Exp*dia or B**king you should get the same price if not ASK, it helps independent businesses as they can invest more back in the businesses, instead of funding booking agents.  Will I stay here again?  Yes.…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or0-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Okay to get your head down,"We stayed here just to have somewhere to sleep before our trip to Belgium. The location is okay but the hotel itself is quite dirty if I am honest. Nobody seemed to care, it was probably because they know being in this location that business will not stop. We had a basement room, there was a smell of gas coming form the bathroom and we had a mouldy towel (photos attached). The breakfast was as actually quite nice, probably the best bit about our stay.",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or0-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"For an overnight stay in Central London, the location is perfect. Less than five minutes walk from Kings Cross station.  Some reviews suggest the area is not safe.I felt comfortable walking around this area with no concerns. There was no street noise that disturbed my evening’s sleep.  As I booked my stay through the main third party website, I was advised by the receptionist that it is cheaper to book directly with them, if I come back to London.  Room was dated, but clean and secure. I had a good night’s sleep. No sign of any of the monster rats or cockroaches that some reviews have suggested.  Breakfast was average, but plenty of options nearby for alternatives. Black Sheep Coffee is a good spot for coffee and a bagel.  Not a hotel to treat your spouse, but for the price and a budget hotel, it is fine. Would stay again.…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or0-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",HISTORIC HOUSE IN LOVELY SQUARE,"Wonderful position in 18th century square. Single room at incredible price £55 Sat Night for central London. Ensuite with tv, tea and coffee point. Best of all - tall regency windows that open, view onto trees in square yet close to Kings Cross.. Good cotton linen and towel.  If you eat full English brkft its a huge bonus. But no lift. Helpful reception with maps. Will stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or0-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate and cheap for Lobdon,"We stayed for one night midweek. The hotel is a five minute walk from Kings Cross Station. It is situated in a quiet square, which is a lovely location. The hotel is  a large house converted into rooms for guests. The room we had was for 3 people and was fine . I have read most of the reviews on here and some are unfair. It’s not the Ritz, but it serves the traveller well. Our room was clean, as were the beds. There was plentiful tea and coffee and the room we had was quiet, although very hot, but the window was opened and it was fine. The breakfast was lovely, everything you would expect. For the price this Hotel was great. The staff were all friendly and had a smile for everyone.i will stay here again as the location is perfect.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or5-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Basic but well-kept, affordable, great location","I stayed for 3 nights. Very friendly and accommodating owner, and a fantastic free full English buffet breakfast. As other people have said, the rooms are small, so take that into account. Personally I didn't mind, as I was travelling alone. My room was clean and staff came by every day to change bins and towels, though the shared shower could have done with a little more cleaning. (Tip: have a shower in the early evening, when there's more hot water.) There were workmen painting and replacing the wallpaper during my stay, presumably because it was the middle of the tourism off-season. All the same, I didn't detect much noise. I was allowed to keep my extra luggage in the locked office downstairs.   All in all, I'd certainly stay again if the opportunity arose. The proximity to…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or5-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",1 night stay,"Hotel check in good, staff pleasant  Room basic, clean, comfortable bed, but bed and room are very small. Tea, coffee provided no hairdryer. Wardrobe single sizes, tv small 20 inch. Windows not soundproofed so you can hear everything outside, not great at 2am. Nice view over the little park in front though, room gets very hot Bathroom tiny and water pressure of shower very very low. One toilet roll provided and two small pieces of soap  Breakfast full English so sausages, eggs, bacon, beans and tinned chopped tomatoes. White toast, just cornflakes, butter, jam, cow milk. Orange squash, water and tea and coffee. This breakfast is good if this is what you are happy to eat, if you have dietary needs no options provided  In summary this hotel is cheap and provides the basic, if you…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or5-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Scary with cockroach’s.,"I am traumatised by this hotel. The location is great, but the hotel is so old and scary. Also is not clean.   There was a cockroach dead in the ceiling  and when I woke up in the morning I found one in my bed.  I left immediately and I am never coming back.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or5-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",What to say ????,"So ... I didn't find this hotel to be dirty (like some reviewers did); the buffet breakfast was better than most you get in such hotels; the location is good. But .... Ok in general London hotel rooms are small, however, there should be some warning with this hotel as no1 of above average weight would have fitted their bathrooms or beds. Bathroom tiny without even space for a toilet roll holder or -clearly - for a complimentary shower gel. Barely room to lay down your toothbrush. Bedroom also tiny and not helped by the fact they had rammed furniture into every available space -seriously, surely most of their guests are there for a couple of nights, do folk need 2 wardrobes and 2 sets of drawers? Having a bit of room to move round the bed would have been more useful.  The small…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or5-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great place for a couple of nights stay,We had a small room but it was adequate for our overnight stay. The bed was comfy and the view over Argyle Square was pleasant. Good English breakfast buffet and friendly staff. Would stay there again if we were visiting London for a few days.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or10-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Basic but clean hotel, two minute walk to Kings Cross. Great place if you're just looking to get your head down whilst touring London. Friendly receptionist (and presumably owner). 24 hour reception and Free WiFi too. En-suite Shower and toilet were small and basic but clean. Don't expect 5 star luxury at 1 star prices and you'll be ok.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or10-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","""Rats are normal""","Last night I saw a RAT in my room. It was 11pm and the desk guy didn't seem surprised about my statement and changed my room. Anyway, the rest of the night was a nightmare: every creak, every noise, kept me awake.  This moring I asked the lady in the hall to say to the manager to contact me and her answer was ""For what? IT WAS JUST A MOUSE"" and maybe it came in through the window (btw the windows was closed).  I got really disappointed and I asked if it was normal to have rats in their hotel and she answered (and I quote) ""IT IS NORMAL IN ENGLAND"".  I've decided to RUN AWAY, and you also should.  (Close to the stations, small rooms that look clean and if you don't like beans and sausages for breakfast--but I do--you have not much of alternatives)",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or10-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"We chose this hotel as it was close to KIngs Cross. The room was somewhat small but clean and tidy, with a comfortable bed. The staff were efficient and friendly, the food was very good with a good a good selection for breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or10-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel for the price paid,"I wasn’t expecting the Ritz, but for the price, I think it should have been better. The bed was clean and WiFi strong and best of all, it was quiet at night, even if I could occasionally hear the man in the room next door snoring! The TV remote didn’t work, the ceiling light was a bare bulb and the shower head was filthy. It was fine for a last minute booking and the location was convenient, but I wouldn’t stay again.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or10-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend 29th June - 1st July ,"This was our second visit to the European hotel. Having stayed in a room for 4 adults last time we knew this would be ideal for us again.   Firstly I would like to point out the reviews being left on here are ridiculous. I get the impression people expect 5* for a 2* price!   Location is perfect! So close to kings cross station for all your tubes etc.   Hotel :- basic budget hotel but again, for the price we pay (£250 for two nights including breakfast for 3 people ) you really cannot moan. I’ve paid more to stay in a b&b in Blackpool!   The hotel room was big enough for us to be comfortable, beds comfortable. Shower and toilet room a little small which could cause problems for people who maybe are less mobile however for us it was perfectly fine.   Breakfast was your basic…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or15-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, small room and expensive","This is by far, the worst hotel i've ever stayed. Although, its very close to King Cross, your room rates are extremely high for a room no bigger than my toilet. Dirty and toilet is unkempt with windows that are difficult to shut. 90 POUNDS per night is a joke/..",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or15-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",the worst hotel ever,"Being a group of 3 people we booked a family room. We stayed in a basement with a tremendous smell of dampness and tobacco. inside one of the closets was dirty clothes of a previous guest. We could not turn on the heating because there was a water leak that was covered with a piece of cloth around it. The bathroom, in addition to the  molds, could hardly move a thin person. The team was very unfriendly and the breakfast had no diversity, cold milk, the bread was gone and there was no clean crockery.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or15-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Grotty,Needed a place near to the station ...thats the only positive thing i can think to write .Yes its cheap but do yourself a favour pay a bit more and dont stay here.Impossibly small double bed horrible excuse for a shower and a breakfast thats hardly appealing .I very rarely write such a poor review but sorry nothing would make me stay here again .,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or15-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"Been a few times because it is so clean and such a great location for the station. Friendly staff, basic amenities but comfortable and exceptional value. It's just off the main road so it's not too noisy for such a central location and it has proper blackout curtains which is really appreciated.  If you just want a place to rest your head, it is ideal.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or15-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good price,"Basic hotel with free wifi and free breakfast. Rooms and hotel common areas are clean. Good breakfast with a toast,cereal, beans, bacon , poached eggs and beverages. Staff could be more friendly but they were not rude. The location is really good and the price is pretty good for it. We had extremely noisy neighbours upstairs who got pretty active at night with lots of running/ loud moving around ( ?) so it was difficult getting good sleep- but you cannot blame the hotel for that.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or20-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable budget hotel,"Adequate once we reached the room.  Clean and tidy. Tiny bathroom.  Narrow stairs without a continuous handrail.  Made descending a bit dicey.  Excellent breakfast.  Bedroom had a window which could be opened, overlooking a quiet area.  Tube and buses immediately available.  But for the stairs would return.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or20-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Seedy and felt unsafe ,"We had to walk through a ‘gang’ to get to the front door. I consider myself a quite liberal person but I felt unsafe. The room was basic, as expected, but it felt unclean and seedy  and there was broken glass in the sink. The  mattress was awful which contributed to quite possibly the worst nights sleep I’ve ever had but the main reason for this was the gang/group outside until 3/4am playing music, shouting and screaming. Staff were rude, you are made to pay for your room on arrival so no opportunity to view the room and decide if you are prepared to stay.  I’d up your budget a little and stay away!! ",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or20-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Could be great, but only one toilet for an entire house and it was blocked","At first glance, this place seemed like great value.  The beds are much bigger than is usual at this price.  The rooms seemed relatively clean (for the price).  The location is great--only about a block away from King's Cross and St. Pancras (Eurostar).    Unfortunately, the toilet situation would put me off going back.  There was only one toilet on the floor and it was blocked (and looked like it had been for a while), so we went looking for others on the floors below.  There weren't any!  We went to the adjoining houses (this hotel is made up of several houses) and couldn't find any there either.    Another problem was that there was no lift.  For those in rooms on the lower floors, this might not matter.  We had to lift heavy suitcases up several flights of stairs and it was…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or20-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Recent Stay,"Firstly I am of older age with a sight problem, asma and a heart issue. Many years we have been going to London, for the last few years stayed at the European Hotel, we know for the price it is basic, but it is clean and the staff are friendly, this is why we keep returning.  However my last visit to this hotel, was almost my last due to all the problems and bad attude we experienced from the manager.  We arrived early morning on Friday 07/12/18 to be met by a warm smile and a nice word, good start, however when we went to our room it had a funny smell, the smell was still there when we returned back to the hotel on Friday night, at that point I spoke to the night receptionist he provided me an air fresh to spray, after 3 days the smell was still there and we were moved from the…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or20-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for a short stay.,"We were originally booked into a different hotel and were contacted at very short notice to be informed that, due to structural damage, our booking had been transferred to the European in Argyle Square. The hotel is literally only 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross station and we arrived shortly after 9.00am. We were given a secure location to leave our luggage as the rooms, at such an early hour, were obviously not ready for occupation. When we returned around 5.00pm we found our rooms to be clean, warm and definitely more spacious than normally found in London hotels in this price range. The full English breakfast was not particularly imaginative but the food was well cooked and tasty. We checked out around 10.00am but they were quite happy to store our luggage again until 5.00pm…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or25-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Luckily we only stayed one night.  Staff were unengaging and unwelcoming.  The room was not clean.  There was mould growing in the bathroom.  There was no holder for the toilet roll, so it got wet on the side of the sink.  The bed had the cheapest possible mattress, it was like sleeping on a concrete slab that creaked every time you moved even slightly.  If you don't want cooked breakfast then cornflakes are your only option.  With this, you can have coffee or tea out of a thermos flask or watered down orange juice.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or25-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for this money in the city centre,"+ Location in 3 min walk from Kings Kross St Pancras station and tube. Hotel is much better than many for this money in the city centre. Friendly staff. Excellent Brittish breakfast. Room is partially renovated (walls, floor) but toilet/shower is not. furniture is quite new. no dust on surfaces and floor in the room. - Room lighting might be better. Renovation of toilet / shower is required. Better cleaning of toilet / shower is required (hairs on the floor, mould on walls, dirt in inaccessible places around the tap and shelf stands. Dirty teaspoon, cups and glass with sediment on the bottom. Door lock looks insecure. WiFi is slow but OK for most of needs. I have inspected my room because other guests said that they seen bed bugs, my mattress, bed, pillows and walls were clean…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or25-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Drug dealing right outside,"If you're looking at this hotel because it's cheap beware there's a reason why. There are drug dealers on the street outside selling drugs. People use drugs in the park opposite at all times of the day. Gangs block the pavement to the European hotel intimidating passers by. This is not a safe location. I noticed that the staff even lock the front door during the day. It is clean but tired with bare lightbulbs and very spartan rooms.You wouldn't want to spend much time in the room. The walls are very thin and there is no soundproofing. You can hear ever door, every cough, every toilet flush and every conversation at night. I stay around here a lot for work. The hotels on the nearby streets of Mabledon Place and Cartwright Gardens are much safer and not directly next to drug…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or25-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for 1 night but not any longer! ,"Our room was very basic but clean. It was so small that we couldn’t pass by each other when moving around. You had to move the wardrobe slightly to be able to open the bathroom door! Bathroom was clean but dingy and outdated. Breakfast ok, but they only have one choice of cereal accompanied by orange squash!  Cooked breakfast available... looked ok. Whole place is very outdated. Very convenient for kings cross (literally a 2 minute walk), but probably won’t return. ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or25-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Handy little boutique hotel,"Great place for a stay in inner London.   No frills, b ut comfortable and close to Kings Cross and St. Pancras.   No lift, so request a ground floor  if stairs are a problem.    They serve a cooked breakfast which is included in the price.   ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or30-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Do not pay for one of the cheapest hotels in central London and then moan when it looks/feels like the cheapest hotel in central London. I've used this place a lot to stay when I've needed a London overnight. I stayed here with the missus, and that brought to home how basic it is. As a place to lay your head it's spot-on, other than that, you'll be disappointed. Very good if you want to be very close to Kings Cross/Euston Road. PS As you can imagine, breakfast is third-rate, but plenty of good places to eat nearby, plus McDonald's is spitting distance of the hotel.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or30-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","If you want the Hilton, then stay at the Hilton","This hotel was recommended to me by a co-worker who has stayed here whenever he and his wife are in London.  Yes, the rooms are small, pretty minimalistic, nothing fancy. But that was all I needed while in London! I was out pretty much all day and most of the evening. I really only bathed and slept here. I was in London! Why would I be in a hotel room all day??? The rooms are clean, made up everyday by the staff, replenished with tea or coffee, whatever you use. Even though I hung my towel up everyday, I was given a clean one.  Breakfast was fantastic! All the ladies were attentive if you wanted something. Politeness really goes a long way with anyone! The best for last.....transportation to all the wonderful museums, shopping and sight seeing are just a 7 minute walk to Kings…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or30-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",My London Hotel ,"We wanted to stay central (relative to Kings Cross) & this hotel was within our budget. Stair climb was a pain but the breakfasts were fantastic. We enjoyed our stay right in the heart of London even though it was small, price was relative.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or30-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,Great hotel stayed in single room ok small but everything you need nice breakfast quiet at night even though a stones throw from all the hustle and bustle turn right go straight down street in the right corner great Indian biriyani take away 3.50 bargain Indian lounge I am lone lady traveller age 49 felt safe walking around after dark would stay again thankyou,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or30-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Nice hotel close to Kings Cross station and underground.  The reception staff always welcome you, we have been there so often, the staff across the hotel know us.  If you wanting 5 star then pay loads of money elsewhere, this hotel is budget, rooms are small, but my room is always clean, the breakfast is help yourself, but we always ask the kitchen staff for extra and it is not a problem.  I have found this also with the housekeeping, we always ask for extra towels and tea etc and it's no problem, if housekeeping forget then just go to reception and ask.  Nothing is too much trouble, my mum is partly sighted had an accident spilling hot water on the bed, she was given another quilt for night and the bedding replaced in the morning.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or35-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable for children free voyagers,"Ideal location close to London St Pancras station. Breakfast is not exceptional but sufficient. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are absolute minimum, bathroom barely worth the name but hot water.  For families however with young children I wouldn’t advise this hotel being located next to a parc frequented by drug abusers which gave the children quite a fright even during daytime. At nighttime the smell of cannabis was all over the place including the bedroom due to users smoking next to the windows.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or35-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,We stayed here as a night stay and so glad it was just a night the rooms were awful the was 5 of us and we was put in a room with 4 single beds and a double bed that was not much bigger than the singles. No room to walk around because of how many beds been stuffed in the room. The bathroom well the shower you have to have in the dark as no lighting at all then top it off just looks like they smashed and hole in the tiles and rammed a plug hole in. Only couple of towels when 5 people staying in there. The stairs down were awful bottom 5 were slanted so nearly fell down them when carrying luggage down. Breakfast was awful l. I left and got food from somewhere else. The noise was awful so no sleep at all hardly. We couldn't get out quick enough. Would defo pay the extra and stay…,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or35-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",London sightseeing break,"The rats followed the pied piper ,this must have been where they ended up (what an hovel) may be classed as cheap ,but very nasty with it,total waist of good money,receptionist couldn't take money off you quick enough,could not praise even one area of the hotel,ha ha and that's what they call it",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or35-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Super location ,"Let me tell you that this hotel is amazing for its fare and position. London is famous for super high rates and the poor services provided and uncleanliness. This small hotel is well run and the most important thing is that it is really clean. The rooms are very tiny and so is the bathroom. We had an énsuite room but some rooms have shared bathroom. The breakfast is only English so if you prefer a continental one, you had better check out the countless options you can find in the area, literally 300 m from Kings cross and St Pancras stations, so name a restaurant and you’ll find it.  Definitely going back if I visit London again ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or35-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",The worst so called hotel,"Staying in that hote was the worst experience ever in my 43 years of travels hotels’ lodging. The room was in basement and when asked to change it due to my asthma, they responded we can’t now with cold response. Bed springs felt all night. Toilet seem to have been added in a basement storage without any minimum facilitation to be called toilet. Huh, the 8” tv reminds me of portable mobile Home TVs. I strongly recommend to never choose that hotel if you are looking for one, but if cheap dorm room is needed then this may be the choice.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or40-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Awful ordeal,"Terrible accommodation, the only positive thing about this hotel is its location. Staff were very unwelcoming, breakfast was awful and served in an utterly dull basement. The room was extremely small, the double bed was a little wider than a single bed, the bathroom was minuscule. There are no fans or air conditioning. Our room was full of dust and we were only given two towels a day during our stay. The wifi connection is incredibly poor. There isn't a lift so we were made to climb three flights of stairs with our luggages without any help from the staff. Wouldn't recommend this place in the slightest, keep far far away from it!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or40-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Fraud don't book,I booked and cancelled this Hotel 10 months ago. They charged me for a night even though I'm not even in London. They said I did cancel. Now there refusing to give me my money. Don't t trust them pick some where else and never give them your credit card information.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or40-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Thoroughly unpleasant, even for a night!","I had 1 night and that was too much.  It's cheap for a reason but I would have rather spent more and not stayed here. The room I had was a triple, but if you ever put 3 people in there it would be unbearable. Everything about this place is unpleasant, from the person who checked me in who was plain rude, to the noisy, hot and stuffy room, to the bathroom that I was thankful I barely needed to enter. The only plus was the bed was clean, not much of recommendation!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or40-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",If you only need the basic,"I was in London for a conference at UCL, and this hotel was the cheapest and the closest to the University. Its proximity to King's Cross/ St. Pancras station is a huge advantage. The room was ok, I only needed a bed and a shower, and this is exactly what I had... When I was in London, October 2016, my window view was a constraction site. I didn't really care, because I returned late at night to my hotel; Most of the time I explored London's Bloomsbury neighborhood and UCL. A lot of pubs are located within minutes of walking, which I really enjoyed. Breakfast was very good. If you are a poor scholar in the Humanities, attending a conference at UCL, this hotel is perfect. If you come to London with your spouse, for a romantic trip, look for another hotel...",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or40-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",What you pay for,As always if you want 5 star pay 5 star  Arrival - welcomed and informed room we had another room booked at end of week for family and sorted that - asked if 2nd floor going to be ok if not they would try rearrange things which they did Room basic but spotless - ensuite tiny but that was expected having stayed in a similar hotel Breakfast adequate - food constantly replenished criticism would be only 1 cereal and no fruit/yoghurt Location very handy for station Would i stay again? Yes Would i say to friends? Yes but only if like me they dont mind basic  Other: info maps etc readily available  Breakfast staff work very hard Woman at desk helpful,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or45-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting,was in a room in the basement wardrobe and drawers smelt of damp as a soon you opened the room door you got the smell went to reception to tell them was told I could move to a room on the 3rd floor but if the other person turned up for that room I would have to move out .the hotel is cheap for London yes but very basic bathroom was tiny  and there was a leak from the sink I only stayed one night but that was enough not suitable if staying more than one night .it is very near st pancras station the only good point,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or45-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Practical,Very close to Kings Cross so convenient for travelling around London. Small grassy area and basketball court out front. Was able to keep the window open during the day and night without much noise. People playing at basketball court often but no issues. Didn't experience breakfast as was too busy sleeping. Room was clean and beds comfy. Bathroom was much cleaner than the one at the Travelodge I stayed in last time I was in London. ,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or45-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Basic,"Stayed here for 2 nights as part of a hen party. The room we stayed in was located in the basement, down some narrow, dodgy stairs. We were allowed to go to our room early, as we arrived 3 hours before check in, and we wanted somewhere to leave luggage, however the room had not been cleaned from the previous guest(s). Reception advised us not to unpack to allow housekeeping to clean the room. The room was basic and outdated, which had 4 single beds and a double bed. The bathroom was dingy. Breakfast was edible and was consisted of a full English. The hotel is location is very convenient, across the road from King's Cross.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or45-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient location, budget hotel","The location of this property was great, we were able to take the underground from the airport to King's Cross and then just a short walk to St. Pancras for the train at the end of our stay. Saved a lot of money on transport and didn't drag luggage all over. We arrived early for check in, planning on just being able to store our suitcases after an overnight international flight, but we were given a choice of a couple of rooms that were already cleaned so we could check in early. The bathroom could have been cleaner, and one night the sheets on the bed had a stain, they got changed the next day anyway. We stayed over a weekend, and the park outside can be a little loud. It was warm during our stay so we had the window open to cool it off at night and you don't realize how loud…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or45-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"The previous review mentioned young offenders room and that hits nail on the head. Mould in bathroom on celling and walls, constant noise from bathroom fans in ajoinign rooms, WiFi code doesn’t work, shower so small catch yourself on the Handle when you move and I’m not big. Dirt in the tea coffee caddy, towels the size of tissues. Breakfast grim staff unwelcoming just stand chatting in kitchen In own language saw several of them eating next to where the cook was cooking (if she warrants that title). Just avoid I paid 90£ and disgusted also no pay test stickers on equipment in rooms I wouldn’t assure they even do this! Avoid this place there is a hostel down the road and I’m certain that is much nicer",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or50-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",what a dump,"I wasnt expecting much, but the room was like something out of a young offenders institute...shared toilet..graffiti on the room door... surly service... awful breakfast which i took one look at and avoided.... dreadful place",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or50-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but not quiet, and not cosy","Although I had a nice welcome from the lady on the reception desk, this was the only member of staff who spoke to me. I was not shown to my room, no offer of help with my luggage was made, no indication of where breakfast would be served or at what time. Room was small and cold, furniture dated, the only radiator was on the wall which my bed was jammed up against. A noisy American kept me awake as he shouted down his phone at 2:30am just as he stopped a police helicopter circled above the hotel for about an hour. Breakfast was in the basement, I found a paper written sign with an arrow on it. Full English was help yourself, tables were find one yourself, coffee was kept luke warm in a flask like container, none of the staff spoke to me while I was in the basement. When I checked…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or50-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Economic but clean and in a great location,"In London at these prices you normally get a rat hole. This hotel is clean, the rooms are reasonably spacious (again by London standards), the personnel is kind and available and you get a full English breakfast in the bargain. The area is also quiet and as close to St Pancreas and Kings Cross as you may wish.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or50-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic, needs modernising ","Booked a 3 bed room for 2 nights due to close location to Kings Cross station - when we arrived we were greeted with a ""Hello, what name?  You have £xxx to pay""  Maybe a ""Hello, welcome to the European Hotel"" would've been nice.  Our room was on the second floor and as there is no lift we had to carry our heavy case up four flights of very dodgy stairs.  Our room was quite small for 3 people, with a small double bed and a small single.  The bathroom was tiny, but at least it was clean.  You can sit on the loo and clean your teeth over the sink with ease!   Towels were clean and smelt nice and fresh.  Sink was extremely small and not big enough to wash your face unless you want to throw water all over the floor.  No hooks on the door or wall, so clothes etc have to be put on the…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or50-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Fair Price ,"In the Heart of Harry Potter London in front of Kings Cross Saint Pancreas station for the Price it's a fair deal,Clean rooms SMALL but Clean with tiny showers,the Breakfast is a full English or Continental, Lucia is great host,Very Central so What's left to say ? Go and have a nice time.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or55-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheaper Sleeper,I wanted a cheaper ‘overnighter’. The European Hotel is at the budget end of the business but met my needs. Although I had originally booked a room with ‘shared facilities’ I asked to upgrade to private bathroom.  Reception had availability and just asked me to cover the difference. The fixtures and fittings were  more functional then fancy but there’s a whole Capital City waiting for you to explore. I found the staff friendly and helpful and responded to them in the same way. ,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or55-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible service ,I have never been treated so poorly in a hotel . The staff was acting like we are criminals. They have a window in reception and half of the time they didn't even bother to open it and talk to us through the glass which was disrespectful .  ,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or55-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not that well,"Location definitely great near by St. Pancras and King's Cross Station. Rooms small, beds are small and really hot inside. The breakfast was not that well, you probably have a better breakfast nearby.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or55-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT EVEN THINK OF BOOKING A STAY HERE,"We had booked well in advance of an early morning appointment at a nearby hospital for my husband as we had to travel from the south of England. The night before his hospital appointment, when we were due to travel to the hotel by train for our night’s stay, my husband was very unwell.  Our GP told him not to travel the next day and he would not have been able to.  We telephoned the booking company and the hotel, but unfortunately the hotel was unwilling to waive the full charge for the room as it was over the 48 hours allowed for refunds before the booking was due to start.  We can obviously prove that my husband was very unwell, but this made no difference to the people running this place, even when the booking company also tried to get them to waive the charge, even part of…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or55-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever made,Seriously the WOSRT hotel I’ve ever stayed in.  Don’t ever ever stay here. Even if it’s your last option.  This hotel is super bad. The rooms are unclean. The stuff is the WORST I’ve ever seen! I seriously don’t recommend this hotel. The rooms are super small and the stuff are AWEFUL AND UNFRIENDLY. OND OVERALL THE WORST IVE HAVE EVER SEEN OR MET.  DONT EVER STAY HERE. EVER. EVER.  NEVER. EVER. WOSRT HOTEL IN THE PLANET. NEVER. EVER. DONT STAY HERE. ITS HONESTLY THE WORST HOTEL IVE STAYED IN ,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or60-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Awfull,"Staff unfriendly, room was so small two people couldn't move at the same time. The double be was actually a large single. Shower was dirty we couldn't use. No staff available to either complain or book out. Never again",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or60-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",STAY HERE IF YOU HAVE NO OTHER OPTION,"Hotel is in a good location and offer free wi-fi but that's about it.  Room is tiny, very cold, dungeon-like in a basement. (Some intermittent heating came up at sunset). Basic amenities-TV, tea/coffee maker, tiny not-so-clean toilet.  Window latch was faulty, making the room extra cold and insecure-anyone could easily enter the room from the basement entrance by the street! I felt quite unsafe.  There are better deals around the area for a few more pounds.   Avoid! ",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or60-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"Very close to Kings Cross Station in a quiet square. We arrived very early but were offered space to leave our luggage or we could take it to our allotted room which was being serviced. Baggage was carried up the stairs for us. The rooms are 'bijoux' but quite adequate and spotlessly clean with comfortable beds and excellent quality linens. Breakfast in the basement was plentiful, hot and tasty ( serve yourself ) The only drawback was the room was VERY hot and there is no facility to turn down the heating so we simply slept with the window open.  Excellent hotel at a good price - nothing fancy If the moaners want luxury they have to pay luxury prices to get it",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or60-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Some harsh reviews on here based on our experience. Needed a bed for the night with my son as we attended a football match. Could only fault the heating, it was a bit high for my taste. Otherwise I found the place clean and welcoming. Breakfast was hot buffet type, ace bacon.  Would stay again with no hesitation. ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or60-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location. Excellent Price. Fantastic Staff.,"I've read quite a few of the reviews here & I understand why so many give the place low or medium ratings. Yes, the rooms are small and yes, the decor probably does need to be updated. BUT ... it's very centrally located and very affordable. If you're booking a hotel in this location and price-range and expecting The Ritz, the problem is with you and not this establishment. I really have to make special mention of the staff - they are excellent! I met and spoke with three different people while I was there and all were incredibly friendly and helpful. In particular, the person who checked me in went above & beyond to ensure that my needs were met & that I felt welcome. I really couldn't have asked for more.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or65-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Compact,The place is central and convenient. Everything very very small but clean. 'double' bed just big enough for two not very big people. Value for London prices. Breakfast adequate. It is fine if you are on a budget and want to be near a station. ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or65-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"Tiny rooms, poor breakfast and they only change the sheets once every 7 days. It is cheap and very close to Kings Cross station and St Pancreas. Not a nice neighbourhood, to be sure.  We won't be back.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or65-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Ok nothing special,"Stayed at this hotel recently while working in the area.Nothing special,very basic,but at the time the price was right for us.Was going to book in a week later when down in the area again,but there had been quite a price hike in the rate,so we looked elsewhere.Would go again if we couldn't find anywhere else,but it would have to be the right price for us.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or65-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny space ,,, you get what you pay for here!","Reasonable for London and in a great, convenient location to Kings Cross Train station.  If you have a tiny sense of claustrophobia, do not say here!  Narrow hallways, tiny rooms, tiny bathrooms.  Staff is friendly and breakfast is meh, very average.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or65-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Simple budget hotel, close to station.","For the price, you really can't complain! Ideal for staying for one night if you have a train to catch at St Pancras - I wouldn't recommend for extended stays in London. This was basic accomodation, but was clean, warm and friendly. The rooms were tiny, but fine. The breakfast wasn't fancy, but did include eggs, bacon, sausages, beans etc. The hotel is about a 3 minute walk from Kings Cross Stations, so for the price in London you really can't beat it! Plus, you can leave your luggage there if you check in/out early/late. It's perfect for the one night stopover.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or70-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Needing remedial work to achieve reasonable standard,"Stayed for one night in October. First, the plus points: Close to Kings Cross and St Pancras stations. Staff friendly, breakfast OK.Allowed us to check in early as room available. Cannot think of any more. The room was small with hardly any space between the bed and the wall. My partner almost trip in a deep gouge in the floor, caused by bed being continually moved sideways for staff to change linen. The single bedside cabinet had no handle on the door. The bolt closing the toilet/shower room door was partly missing. Water would not stay in the bowl, just kept draining away, had to keep tap running to shave, when water reached the overflow it then ran onto the floor. When I complained at reception I was informed that they were aware of most of the problems, but they only carried…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or70-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away!,"This hotel was a nightmare: a tiny room down a narrow, dark hallway, not big enough for two people to move in it at the same time; a bathroom barely large enough for one person to use, with a sink so situated that one couldn't even spit in the sink; a bare light bulb, the only light in the room, hanging from the ceiling; and a double bed in which two people rolled into the center. Loud voices could be heard outside our window throughout the night in the seedy neighborhood. The pits!",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or70-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Budget friendly ,"Stayed here on Halloween. Reception very friendly and welcoming, all staff had a smile! Room was very clean, stayed on the second floor, few stairs but was nice and quiet when up there. Small room, but still had everything you'd need, double bed, single bed, 2 bedside tables and a small wardrobe, not forgetting the TV which has freeview channels. Also WiFi throughout. Breakfast OK, pretty basic. Very close to tube, and had a nice square out the front. Would stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or70-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy hotel with awful beds,"We stayed here for one night. The first room we were allocated stank of stale cigarettes and the beds were so close to the other furniture that you couldn't walk around them.  Thankfully another room was available, which was marginally better in that it didn't smell. However, the mattresses were so old and sunken it felt like sleeping in lumpy hammocks. The walls are paper thin and we were disturbed not only by guests next door but people above us who generously shared their 3am return with us, and probably half the hotel. Breakfast was ok, and staff at reception were helpful and accommodating.  What I mind the most does not apply just to this hotel. I simply resent paying almost £100 a night for any hotel that can't even offer a decent bed and clean bathroom.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or70-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Budget conscious ,"Stayed here for one night as on a budget but still wanted to stay in London close to attractions.  Very basic room but not a bad size (double bed and a single) lovely clean sheets and towels. Room was clean and smelt cleaned too. Reception was helpful and welcoming (asked for extra pillows) delivered to room very quickly.  Breakfast was good, scrambled egg, sausages, bacon, tinned tomatoes and beans plus toast and cereal and all self service. Couldn't fault the stay and was worth every penny. Will stay here again for a cheap night away.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or75-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Average, functional and needing attention ...","Stayed here four nights. Great location, nice and quiet with a clean and attractive park in front. Very convenient. The room was OK for the price. Reception very friendly and helpful. Could do with floor mats in the bathroom to avoid wet floors - not a pleasant experience. The WiFi was terrible. Breakfast is an experience. Nice full English, one type of cereals, toast and coffee/tea. Can't complain. The breakfast service was the most entertaining though! If you're looking for a quiet time, you won't get it. All you hear is the loud chatter of the ladies in the kitchen, who will shut the door loudly in your face if you happen to arrive late! Oh, and don't go near the cooked sausages! Other than that, not the worse reasonably priced accommodation in London. With these three or…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or75-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, That's about it!!!!","The location of the hotel was perfect as we were travelling from St Pancras International but everything else was very poor.  The room was big enough for our family of 5 and was cleanish, but the noise was awful.  We were in a family room in the basement and was kept awake all night with noise inside and outside of the hotel.  We paid £150 for the one night but wished we had paid a little more and had a better hotel.  Even the taxi driver who dropped us off wished us luck!!!  Steer clear.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or75-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Short break,Stayed here few weeks ago with my brother got a twin room but I wasn't very impressed with it we got stuck down stairs it felt like a dungeon it was clean enough beds were reasonably comfy toilet was tiny with a small cubicle for a shower . You got breakfast as part of the deal and I have got to say it was very good ur usual buffet style fry up but food was well prepared and very tasty or you could have cereal and toast . Location wise it is very good we got train to Euston station and it was a 10 mins walk to the hotel and a 1 min walk from hotel you had st pancreas station which was very handy as we were going to Wembley and its on that line . There are plenty of bars and resteraunts only minutes walk away from the hotel so apart from my room the European has a lot of plusses…,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or75-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Very nice experience for a low budget. Nice location, near King's Cross station and just about 2 km (20 minutes walking) from the British Museum. Nice typical breakfast. The room was clean and quiet. For sure a good choice!",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or75-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of the Rats and parties,"This budget hotel is in a good location to St Pancreas railway station and that is about the only positive thing I can say. We arrived on a Saturday night and had no sleep as there was an all night party in two rooms below us. In order to try and shut out the noise and cigarette  smoke we had to close the window and the room was overheated. I was appalled by the breakfast - cordial instead of juice, bacon drowning in fat and cold tea. The worst thing was a rat entering our window and eating wrapped chocolate in my bag! When I told the reception staff, they laughed. I hope the hotel lifts their basic standards. ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or80-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Saw us coming,We booked a room with European Hotel in London. The charged us £90 (AUS $152) which was over £20 above the online rate. The room was very small & the bed which was a small double bed barley fitted in the room. The tiny bathroom had an bad acidic odour. We were not told that the complementary breakfast finished at 9.30am & was turned away at 9.40am. Their web site claims they have a 8.6 rating but trip adviser ratings have a vastly different rating.  ,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or80-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",My birthday ,The hotel is very easy from the station gud n silent great location liked it great value for money n it's cheap too.u can get Indian food as many restaurants are near n whole of london thru tube is easy from the kings cross station ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or80-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money & good location,"Me & my friend have just returned from a 2 night stay at the European Hotel and I have to say for the price & location I will definitely be using the hotel again, at end of road you have Kings Cross & St Pancras Stations with Euston Station 10 mins walk away so very handy.  Our twin room was spacious & clean with a fab little on-suite shower room. Staff were friendly & helpful and there was a lovely complimentary cooked breakfast, cereal, toast, jam, juice, tea & coffee each morning.  Plus there is free wifi inside hotel X",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or80-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"It's a budget hotel in Central London so you get what you pay for which was an extremely clean, slightly small room in a brilliant location. Stayed here for an event at 229 The Venue and was very convenient for the concert. If I needed to I'd stay here again.  My only complaint would be that it sounded like there was some kind of fan outside my room or something that kept going on and off all night? Since it was Central I expected a lot of street noise but this fan or whatever it was seemed extremely random?  Other than that I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and would recommend! Rooms were spotlessly clean, cleanest I've seen in a budget hotel for London.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or80-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",It's actually not as bad as people say,"Yes, I've only just arrived so haven't actually slept here yet but will update my post if needed.  Am on an overnight business trip so booked something central with easy access to where I need to be in the morning.  After reading the reviews on tripadvisor on the train down here I was absolutely dreading checking in, but it's actually OK.  Perfect for a short stay, however definitely too small if yr staying longer and there's two of you, but then surely people expect some shortcomings with the price being so low?! Apparently not from some reviews.  I took the advice from one though when she asked what floor did I want to be on..ground or third?!  After reading all you hear on the ground floor are footsteps and doors opening and closing till the early hours I chose the third…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or85-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but needs improvement ,Friendly staff apart from the cleaning staff who seems to lack basic English. If you clean the floor in the room you use the mop not a towel. Breakfast average but that's what it is. Waiting too long to have the door open when certain staff are on duty. Rooms are basic and they don't warrant the hefty price. We stayed for two weeks and we asked for discount but we charged full price which after we paid so much money is a kick in the teeth. Recommended but only as a last resort.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or85-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - Nice people - But not good enough,"The Hotel is located in a very nice area, the lady at the check-in was very friendly. But the quality of the rooms is definitely not good enough. Location can't be the answer for all, definitely not for the price. An adequate price for this hotel would be maximum £60 per night. My room had poor lighting, extremely noisy and the toilet had to be renovated. I don't mind the old TV but I would have preferred a nicer shower.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or85-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location Bad experience,After a 4 and half hour delay Glasgow to Euston train we eventually arrived in the kings cross area at about 2.45am I had my phone in my hand with google maps looking for the exact address we where almost there when 3 motor bikes surrounded me one guy jumped off the back pushed me hard to the ground and stole my mobile phone then sped away. When we got to the hotel in such a state of what had had just happened to me the man at the desk was more interested in getting our payment for the 3 nights and showed no concern after I told him I had been attacked. Next day we checked where it happened it was just round the corner from the European hotel and there was already notices pinned to the fencing warning of these terrible phone snatching events. So I would never return to this area…,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or85-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excelent Location,"Great location. Close to King's Cross underground and St Pancras International. Many restaurants and supermarets around. In front of a nice square and a quiet neighbourhood. Nice breakfast, friendly staff, 24 hs reception, very clean, but small bedrooms. My choice in London always. Been there more than 4 times and it was never disappoiting.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or85-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, that's about it.","Let's start with the positives. The hotel is in a great location, it being 5 minutes away from 3 major stations (St. Pancras, Euston, King's Cross). The neighbourhood is quiet, with restaurants from walking distance. Hygiene is in order too, so that's good.  Everything else is very mediocre: There's no lift, the hallways, our room and our bathroom are cramped. The WiFi is incredibly slow (0.5mbit/s), fine for e-mail but don't plan on doing much else. The mattress is nothing to write home about but not incredibly terrible.  We skipped breakfast so we can't comment on that. However, do keep in mind that the breakfast room is located in the basement.   All of this would be acceptable if only the room didn't cost £85 for one night, off-season - booked well in advance.  If you're…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or90-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for staying a day or 2,"Best part is that it is very near to Victoria cross/St. Pancras station. Location is quiet.  But this hotel has no lifts, stairs are quite cramped and rooms are very small. There is no AC in the room. Wifi is not very strong. But then its a budget hotel at a prime location.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or90-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Very good choise, in the heart of London","Very good location next to Kins Kross station underground, just a few minutes from the Central London (picadilly circus) . The neighborhood is very quiet and nice. The breakfast was good , and the room was clean. The heat was always on and the room always had hot water for shower. The hotel staff was helpful. I would stay again. Its an economical choise to stay in the center of London.   But, the double room was a little small, and the bed too. The wifi signal was not very strong in our room.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or90-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Ok stay,"We got moved to this hotel when the one we had booked had issues with some rooms and put us here for the night. That being said, we weren't overly please with the room. It was a downgrade from what we had booked, but I would say it was true to the pictures. It was very small and the bathroom only had space to turn around in.   Location is good with it being very close to the train station while still being on a quiet street.   The Internet was terrible. Don't depend on it for anything. It took a long time to load a webpage and sometimes would time out. Posting a single picture on social media was not happening.   Breakfast was ok. There was self serve hot breakfast including scrambled eggs, fried eggs, toast, sausage, beans, and maybe another item or two. There was also a cold…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or90-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London", Cheap and cheerful hotel in the centre of town,"Well, what can I say very small room, not enough room to move in room!!! Corridors in hotel like a rabbit warren, no lifts to rooms and no room service. Room walls looked old and walls extremely thin we could hear everything that was going on next door !!! Hotel had a smell to it too. The hotel however is near kings cross station and a McDonald's and a great noodle bar chop chop I think it was Called !!! We won't stay here again ourselves but if ur on a tight budget it is a good place to crash but nothing else. The breakfast. Hmm well it wasn't very nice very bland  but what do u expect for the price. So all in all if ur on a tight budget it's good but if u want comfort and better quality save ur money and go somewhere else !!!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or90-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small and quante hotel ,"We were down for 3 nights the room was small but decent the cleaners came every day. Breakfast was full English and cereal admittedly the orange juice was diluting juice but quenched the thirst. it's not the best hotel we have stayed at but for location, price and somewhere to rest our head it was exactly what we needed! The only thing we would say the hotel needs some serious sound proofing could hear doors slamming clumpy feet on stair well and room above! Staff were nice too. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or95-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not great ,Stayed here for one night with my daughter as we were going to a show ..it was convenient as it's a few mins walk to kings cross station and underground station but the hotel itself was pretty poor it's in desperate need of a revamp as the decor is very outdated. .the room itself was just OK but wasn't impressed with the step into the tiniest bathroom I have ever seen it seems dangerous to me especially if going to the loo in the middle of the night ..there was no hairdryer or phone in the room as stated and there was one tiny cup between the two of us for a cuppa. .the heating was on full blast all night and couldn't be controlled from the room we had to leave window wide open all night and endure the noise outside .Going downstairs for breakfast in the morning the breakfast…,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or95-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great value and handy location,"This hotel is right near Kings Cross, St. Pancras and Euston Stations, which makes it ideal for exploring London.   Yes, the rooms are small and a bit spartan, but that is the same for all hotels in this area.   The difference here is that there is always hot water in the shower, the place is spotless, the breakfast is fabulous and the staff are friendly.   If you get a room at the front, there is a pleasant outlook over a little park.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or95-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Negatives outweight positives,"Stayed at European Hotel 8 nights with my adult daughter.  I booked directly with hotel for twin room, hoping by not using a 3rd party booking agent, there wouldn't be any mistakes.  Unfortunately, they booked us a double room, and had no twin rooms available.  To their credit, they did give us a double room each for the first night, then moved us into a twin room for the next 7 nights.  Double beds very small. One room was on 3rd floor - no elevator and very narrow staircase.   Positives - location (right by King's Cross Station),  price, very comfortable beds with clean linen and hot breakfast pretty good.  Beds made daily with clean towels. Negatives - staff not particularly friendly, our room on ground floor(Rm 39) VERY noisy - from street noise and whoever walked around on…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or95-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms and poor breakfast,"I stayed with my family for 3 days during our trip to Europe. The location of the hotel is the only positive thing, very close to King Cross station, about 3 minutes by walk. Now talking about negative aspects,  there was a problem with the ceiling fan in our room and the support of the staff was ridiculous. By the time I notice the fan was not working I told the man who was standing in the reception about it and he didn't care,  he was not even trying to be polite and just said something like: ""ok, I will check it"".  Of course I didn't believe he would do anything! And what happened the next day?? The problem was the same. Simplifying, the staff is a negative aspect, they have 0% motivation. Besides, everything is small, the lobby area, the rooms, the hallway, the breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or95-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"We stayed there on our visit to England and it was just a ok experience, i will recommend if you need only to overnight there but nothing else. No lift, very very very small stairs, extremely small rooms and  bath. Breakfast kinda ok.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or100-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Weird place,"The European Hotel in Kings Cross, London, is what can only be described as a ""simple"" hotel. Of course the room charge corresponds with the standard of the hotel. The interior practically screams for a refurbishment. Almost nothing is ship shape. The furniture is partially damaged, the walls and floors are old and worn down, the doors looks like they survived WWII etc. On the upside is a friendly and helpful staff, an ok English breakfast and quick check-in and check-out. I missed soap in the bath room, though. The smell in the room in general and the bath room in particular, was awful. The hotel is located within short distance from the Underground in an area with shops and restaurants. The European hotel is in a low price range, so if all you need is a bed and a desent…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or100-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay in London,"These people made me very welcome. I enjoyed the room on the ground floor ,as have difficulty with stairs. The breakfast ok , and a good start to the day. Very close to Kings Cross St Pancras  if using the trains, saving taxis use. Have booked to stay again .in another couple of months.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or100-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic bed and breakfast,"Room clean and tidy with laminate flooring and pine flatpack furniture. Our room very small. En suite shower / toilet also very small. Soap only, no shower gel/shampoo. Breakfast was reasonable, but only 1 choice of cereal and tea/coffee from flasks pre-made. You get what you pay for, definitely budget, more B&b than hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or100-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Budget Hotel,"Ideal location, 100yds or so from tube and across road from Kings Cross train station. A variety of shops bars and restaurants practically on doorstep. Hotel is basic but rooms are clean and comfortable. Our shower worked perfectly, beds were clean and comfortable, room was compact but had everything we required. Breakfast was well cooked and tasty only downside was tea lukewarm. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Second time staying there. Great base for a sightseeing weekend.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or100-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, if having single room","Stayed for one night, the price was right as travelling on Eurostar early morning to France.     Shower looked well used, and dated so didn't use, room was small but warm, so can't complain as its close to St Pancras Station and at £65 for a single was the right price.........didn't bother with breakfast, pretty basic breakfast room..",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or105-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"The location is brilliant, right across from Kings Cross Station (with a mcdonalds at the bottom of the road!!). I stayed here for 2 nights, which i thought was enough. The price reflects onto the hotel which you can clearly see. The room was definitely clean, which is one thing i'm very particular about. We arrived after travelling, and the receptionist on at the time was not the friendliest and handed us our key without explaining much about the hotel (such as where breakfast would be served etc). The room was basic too, and as it was one of the coldest weekends in London i thought we would at least be able to have the radiators on however they didn't seem to come on until the late evening and we couldn't turn it on from the room either.  Breakfast was cramped considering how…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or105-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"The rooms are basic and contain much the same in the way of furniture. The televisions are hilariously tiny and the wardrobe I had was a tad wobbly. But the bed was comfortable and clean. The shower I had was a bit of a disaster, hanging off the wall and took a while to warm up. Long wait to check in but the staff were friendly and helpful.   The main problem is the noise but this isn't so much the fault of the hotel owners. These houses would once have been grand Family homes with large reception rooms. These have now been partitioned into small hotel rooms but with very thin material. So you do hear everything - and I mean everything - throughout the night. And that doesn't make for a good nights sleep.   But all in all, very good value for money. It needs an update yes but…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or105-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",you shoul definetly avoid this hotel,"i definetly do not suggest this hotel, staff is totally careless, they even do not have a computer in the reception, they found our reservation in half an hour from a handwritten old book ,breakfast is disgusting, women bringing meal to food bar are surly, they were coughing without any care on top of bread and other things, we saw the kitchen from outside, they are even not using detergent /washing machine, just rinse everything with water. hotel area is extremely noisy in the night, we could not sleep at all during 4 night. lots of homeless people around. in summary you should definetly avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or105-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but fair price,"Clean and basic. For the price and location it is quite a find. But don't expect any frills. Breakfast is a bonus and is decent enough, a little bus station cafe like but not bad. Showers surprisingly good but definitely needs a bit of an update. Would stay again if back. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or105-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrid.,"We stayed overnight as it was close to St Pancras Station. Online the outside is typically English. All black wrought iron railings and cream stucco. But inside it is just tacky, tawdry and horrible. The rooms are tiny, no air conditioning or fridge. The bathroom so small you need to manouvre around the door to get in. The bed supposedly a double was actually a king single. The noise at night was unbearable. The walls are very thin. We were near a staircase so heard everyone going in and out. All the fittings were old and broken. The tv so small you couldn't view it from the bed. This was the worst place i have ever stayed. Don't go there it is not worth it!",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or110-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Regular visitor,"I travel to London every month and stay here. Its very basic but great value for money. A clean room, attentive and friendly staff and a full breakfast next morning. For a central London location, its not too bad. Don't expect the Hilton and you won't be disappointed.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or110-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe all the bad! ,"We booked this hotel for 5 adults to visit London at Christmas. We paid £300 for two nights ( £60 each! ) such an amazing price and it also included breakfast!!   The location is literally a 4 min walk from kings cross st Pancras station where there is every tube line so it's a really good location for you to get around the city.   The hotel is nice. Yes it could do with some updating but come on for £30 a night with breakfast in central London what do you expect? The room we had was number 35, it had 4 single beds and 1 double, tv , tea and coffee , ensuite shower and toilet. The bathroom is in need of modernising but it didn't bother us as we was only sleeping and showering in the hotel.   The breakfast each morning consisted of bacon, sausages , toast , eggs, beans, cereal,…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or110-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go,"This place is just awful, so old and tired with no redeeming features. The room is so small as is the bathroom and everything is worn and marked.  There is nowhere in the building to make a coffee, not even a snack machine. The man on reception was so unfriendly and unhelpful , we were lucky to get so much as a grunt. When we complained about not being able to lock our ground floor window we got a shrug. Breakfast was adequate but could not raise a smile from the ladies serving. One positive about it is the great location 2 mins walk from St Pancras station. Take my advice and spend a little more and stay elsewhere",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or110-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","One of the best budget hotels in London, believe me","Stayed here for 3 nights. The room was very, very small, but it got everything we needed for having a good rest - TV, bathroom, desk, Wifi, breakfast, only 2-3 min to King's X Station ... With this price, what could we expect? I was positively surprised with European Hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or110-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel small but all you need,"very small rooms especially for a big guy, but bedding was clean and so was room the ensuite even on the top floor had good water pressure and plenty of towels.  The breakfast was simple but plenty of it if you are not expecting a four star hotel this has all you need we  were on a short trip and stayed three nights the staff were fine did not see much of them we had a view of the square and even saw a fox (mind you we get up around the 4am mark great location for kings cross.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or115-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ,"I booked this for a pre-planned night in London. For the cost I wasn't expecting much (and I have stayed in worst hotels in London for roughly the same cost). The room was on the top floor, I was given a choice but I thought the exercise is good for me. Hindsight it might have been an error. Exercise was fine but the showers hot water dried up before I could even get into it, was this because the shower was at the end of the system? The room itself was clean, the bed seemed a little small for a double but as it was only me was adequate. It was en-suite, shower already been mentioned. The en-suite itself was small. The toilet could do with a toilet roll holder to be added to the wall. Breakfast was self serve English and was of a fair standard which brought my review up from a 2…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or115-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",close to everything,"room is small but acceptable a little bit expensive for the type of hotel but close to everything you want to see or with easy access, you can hear the noise from the rom next to you wich is not pleasant when you`re trying to rest",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or115-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"This hotel is mega-inexpensive and it's in a pleasant square  just across the road from Kings Cross railway station. A great location. At this price I wasn't expecting it to be the Hilton and it isn't.  Staff were fine. Room was fine. Amenities were very basic but for about £44 a night (for a single room, ex-VAT) it is in bargain territory.  There's a fair amount of 1 and 2 star reviews on here are - fair enough. But for the price, European Hotel delivers. Yes, it's basic. But the reception is manned 24/7 and the place is secure.   Recommended for an inexpensive stay. If you're after a romantic honeymoon, you'll need to shell out more than the (very honest) price the European charges.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or115-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!!!!!!,"This is the worst place I have ever stayed, the rooms are small, they advertise en suite, trust me, I couldn't even bring myself to get in the shower, it was disgusting. Rooms have a tiny TV but I could only get one channel at best. The whole place has a ""smell about it"" Breakfast is served in the basement, you would have to be starving to eat what they call food, I did manage a piece of toast that needed a saw to cut through it!! It really is the pits, I will never stay here again and would advise anyone to avoid it like the plague, or risk it and catch the plague!!!!!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or115-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, old and stinky hotel at King`s cross","I would only recommend this hotel if you have no other choice. The rooms are old, dirty (even the bed linen) and there is a strange smell. Bathroom is tiny, which would`t be a problem if it was at least clean. It`s one of the worst places I`ve ever stayed and it`s still expensive. Breakfast is very simple - scrambled eggs, bread, beans and sausages, it`s the same very day. I am sure you can find better hotel than this one.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or120-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap in Kings Cross but... ,"Stayed here before but this time it was quite bad. Our room must have been the sewer for all the toilets in the hotel!   Room number 7 (for management to sort it)   Every time somebody flushed a toilet in the hotel, a gurgling noise would occur then sewage would bubble from the shower!! The smell was disgusting!!   We stayed here only one night before we went to the airport, thankfully.  It's cheap yes, cheerful no.  Would I book here again? Definitely not.   ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or120-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I stayed at European hotel for 1 night recently. I needed a cheap hotel and, for London, this fits the bill at £75 inc breakfast. When I arrived I was met by a surly receptionist who brightened up a bit later. My room was on the top floor and there is no lift. The room was tiny for a double. The ensuite bathroom was a bit of a joke. The sink was positioned just inside the door so you had to squeeze past it. The plug didn't work so I had to take it out. The shower did not have a proper waste. It was dirty and the pole holding the curtain was rusty. The shower however was ok.The window didn't close so I had to stuff a blanket in it overnight. The bed linen seemed clean although the pillows smelled of heads so had not been adequately laundered.Poor/ no reception on TV .The hotel is…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or120-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",It all started well,"We arrived at the Apollo Hotel,looked very nice to be informed we couldn't stay there and so we had to go to the European Hotel.. Greeted very nicely and given a key to our room which was in the basement! Very clean,comfortable beds,there it ended. Desperately in need of a refurb.If it wasn't for a family wedding the next day we wouldn't have unpacked. Sorry but people need to know.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or120-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very Poor Experience ,"Not expensive but very poor Experience. Small room, very Small bathroom. Wall paper is rotten, paints are very old, TV is not bigger than a post stamp. Lot of noise in the hotel.  Very close to st Pancras, in quite a quiet area....  Finally for £75 you can't expect much more, but really, do not!!",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or120-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely and friendly ,"A budget hotel that is worth its money especially where it is.  Staff really friendly, breakfast really good and location excellent.  Booking again next year.  Just remember it's budget so small rooms but really good value for london",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or125-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Sassie12345,Stayed for 1 night bed and breakfast Staff good room good food good position good  Clean and presentable we had a triple room for ourselfs and our 5 year old son breakfast was hot and apertising and staff kept the tables clear and clean,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or125-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best place to stay,"The saying you get what you pay for applies for this hotel £80 per night is very little to pay in London. Although an easy walk to Paddington Station, this hotel is not in the best part of town. This is more like a one night motel style place. No air conditioning and a window I did not feel safe leaving open as I slept. I felt a bit fragile being a solo female traveller in this property but maybe not so bad if a couple. The room was spacious enough with small bathroom, average level of cleanliness, dirty cup and spoon, cheap fixtures, fitting and bedding. Very noisy through the night with lots of loud coming and goings. I would spend more money and stay in a better class of property",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or125-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, friendly hotel in great location","Have stayed here a few times and for the price it's great value. The hotel's location is it's best asset as it's only a couple of mins walk away from kings cross underground. Other Pros is that a help yourself buffet breakfast is included in the price (choice of cornflakes, full cooked English breakfast, toast, tea, coffee, orange juice & water), rooms are cleaned every day including fresh towels if required, comfortable bed, free wi-fi, friendly staff and 24-hour reception. Main factors against is that although the rooms are clean, they are in need of some TLC (some holes in floor, wallpaper peeling off wall in some places etc). The 'en-suite' is really just an add on closet but it did me ok (and I'm 6 foot tall) and the worst thing is probably the noise (possibly depending on…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or125-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,Clean good location .Very small bathroom .It was a cubicle built in the bedroom .It is ok for a couple of nights .I found the area ok .A good breakfast .Ideal if you are on a budget . It could do with being upgraded a bit .But it did seem to be busy with lots of different age groups and people from all over visiting London .The staff were pleasant and helpful .,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or125-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small and old.,We are small people and have low expectations and that is a good thing.  If we were tall or big and had high expectations the stay would have been disastrous.  The rooms are so so so small....Great location and quiet enough for being so close to the train station.  Awesome eateries and pubs close by in the residential area.  And walked to see the 'changing of the guard' at Buckingham Palace.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or130-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",I lived here back in the mid-1990s,"The room I stayed in was the original kitchen and breakfast room on the ground floor. Access from the street was not secure and I remember waking up to finding someone trying the window. Handy for the tubes and buses, although the area itself can be intimidating and not one where you should set out in the evening unless really necessary. Handy if you're just staying for a night or two, but other than that, it can be quite expensive to stay more long-term like I did.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or130-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value budget hotel in excellent location,"We have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions and I think it is good value.  The rooms and en suite facilities are not huge but perfectly adequate and are very clean. The rooms have laminate flooring and a TV, and there is a good shower with hot water.  A good breakfast is included in the price and the staff are very efficient and pleasant.  The hotel comprises a number of converted Georgian houses, each with their own staircase, but there is no lift.  The hotel is located very close to Kings Cross and St Pancras stations, but in a quiet location overlooking a communal square, and the staff kindly allow you to leave your luggage in a room on your last day, which saves the cost of leaving it at the railway station, and there is free wifi - always great value and location.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or130-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"I normally stay in another hotel unfortunately it was fully booked so I chose the European based on the photos and the location. The photographs must have been taken a long time ago. It is a VERY basic hotel. My room was a single. I have stayed in single rooms before but this was tiny. One cupboard had been turned into the shower room and another cupboard into the toilet. Both very small. The sink unit in the toilet was so small it was difficult to shave. Both the shower and the sink did not have hot water, just tepid. There were no shades on the lights, just bare bulbs and the wardrobe was so rickety I was frightened it would collapse.  The PLUS points on this accommodation are:- Location, 2 mins from Kings Cross station The cost Adequate breakfast  Whilst I appreciate that it…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or130-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location for Eurostar,Good value for this area of London and an ideal choice if catching the Eurostar as only 5 minutes walk from St Pancras.  Our room was small and basic as was the ensuite but clean.  Comfortable beds and the room was at the back so very quiet at night.  Slightly cool reception but then I guess not many people stay more than one night.  Breakfast simple but fine for the price.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or130-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Eastern European Hotel,"Small but clean room, friendly staff, breakfast as advertised except for the watered down scrambled eggs. About what you'd expect for a budget hotel at £55/night. Conveniently close to St Pancras station.  No surprises, pleasant or unpleasant. ..",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or135-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN - TOO DIRTY AND MOLDY,"I was guest in this hotel for one night.   It was just disgusted!!! Hairs in the bed, dirty tables (I told the landlord there, but it wasn't clean after we went back to the hotel), dirty and mody bath room. The bath also was very tiny. When someone in the hotel was on toilet, you could hear everything. As I opened the window it started to smell after gas. So I closed it and we had no fresh air. The light was very cheap. only one bulb that hung on a cord from the ceiling. The floor was not good looking too. It also smelled like a toilet.   We didn't take the breakfast there, because we was disgusted from the hotel.   SO, NEVER AGAIN. TOO EXPENSIVE FOR THAT GARBADGE!   IT SHOULD NOT BE CALLED HOTEL!!!   IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO VISIT LONDON, PAY MORE THAN 55£ FOR A ROOM!!! (We were…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or135-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for Kings Cross,"Stayed at the European Hotel (B+B) overnight whilst in Central London for a concert. It's very basic, dated but very close to St Pancras/Kings Cross. Our twin room had 2 single beds and a very small bathroom. Although basic it is very cheap for Central London and if you just need a bed for the night it is fine. I wouldn't recommend staying any longer though!",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or135-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms but great service,My room (single) was a little bit small but quiet and clean.   Friendly staf (the receptionnist and also the night watchman and the cleaning woman)  A very big positive point: they can keep your lugage for free when you left the hotel until you have to take your train back. So you can still enjoy the city without carriying your bags :-)  I didn't take the breakfast so I can't judge it.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or135-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",ideal location,"perfect location for travelling around London, access to underground and buses was excellent. Hotel itself is simple but just what you need for a couple of nights in the city. Clean linen a hot shower and a decent cooked breakfast. Overall fairly average would stay again though if in London.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or135-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for me,"Simple hotel that had everything I needed. Good sized room, clean, quiet all the time, tv and wifi worked well, staff was friendly and helpful. I borrowed a hair dryer at the reception a few times without a problem and it worked just fine. The breakfast was a huge plus, good enough for me. The location is amazing! Perfect! Safe and very close to St Pancras station and the British Library. You can easily get a bus too, I did, many lines pass by it. Close to many kinds of restaurants as well. I left my bags before my check in and after my check out there for free and nothing bad happened so I was glad about that. I will definitely stay at this hotel again on my next visit to London. The price and location are unbetable!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or140-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money,Poor value in every respect. Not enough room to swing a hamster. Had to crawl over my husband to get in and out of bed as only one side of the bed was accessible (don't get out on the wrong side as you are liable to fall out of the window onto a bed of cigarette ends). I am now very acquainted with most of the other guests' bathroom habits. No kettle supplied. The only positive thing to say is that it is a short walk from King's Cross.,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or140-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great location,cheap but not very cheerful","We were given a ground floor room as my son is totally blind,walking down the corridor to our room every floorboard creaked.Room was small, the bathroom or closet tiny,however the room was cleaned on a daily basis.Breakfast was adequate limited choices ,staff were very friendly.over looks a park alright,noise from within the hotel and the street and park area.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or140-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Superb Location; No Frills, Just Basic","Room was small, but comfortable and clean. Breakfast included all the usual elements of a traditional English breakfast.  I would have liked yogurt or some granola, but I understand that you can't provide everything and most people would be delighted to see baked beans, eggs, sausage, tomatoes, and toast on a buffet. It's the LOCATION that's key to this hotel's success: most major Underground lines connect to King's Cross/St. Pancras RR station.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or140-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but overpriced,"London is always stupidly expensive but don't go ""cheap"" to save money.    The toilet cistern didn't work, it was noisy all night, the Internet was uselessly unreliable and the breakfast was substandard.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or140-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",London trip,"I stayed in the European Hotel on Saturday 9th April for one night. I stayed in the single room on the top floor. The staff were polite and friendly. The hotel is in an excellent location, I always tend to stay in hotels around this area. The roads facing either Euston or Kings Cross station. This hotel must only be a 100 metre walk to Kings Cross which is great. The room was quite small, but it was clean and had everything I needed. I only sleep in the room so I'm barely there, I just use it as a base and a place to keep my stuff. It was quiet of a night both inside and out, which is good considering its central location and it being a Saturday night. Cooked breakfast was very nice, hot and always topped up. It was a buffet cart of all the usual and you could take as little or…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or145-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money - no frills hotel ,"We stayed three nights and would come back.  It is a no frills hotel just what we wanted for our trip location was fantastic for us, price was good and it was clean (small but clean). Other reviews paint it as this gross dirty hotel while we were there at the same time and have a different view it's clean and basic nothing else.  Since we are tourist we really didn't spend much time in our room we just wanted somewhere to store our stuff and sleep and we got what we wanted. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or145-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting and overpriced ,"My husband, brother and I turned up to what looked like a nice enough hotel located right near Kings Cross/St Pancras station. Upon entering the woman on reception gave us a very bored & uninterested look like we were unwelcome pests and didn't bother to greet us at all. After acting like we were an inconvenience and giving us our keys she flippantly told us how to how to get to our room which was a rabbit warren to say the least.   The room wouldn't have been any bigger than 5X6 and was absolutely filthy dirty. The bed linen looked like it hadn't been washed in weeks and had a white crusty substance on top of the sheet, the bathroom (which was basically a closet) smelt like mold and neither the shower nor the toilet was clean, there was a hole in the floor near the so called…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or145-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Less than basic,"Convenient to the train station, yes. Pleasant staff, yes. Cheap, yes. Cheap furniture, there was a whole in my towel. Clean, yes. I often felt the wardrobe was going to fall on me. It was so noisy it is impossible to sleep. What is a hotel worth if you can't even sleep. The piping and plumbing clings and pumps and taps heavily and loudly all night long as the guests arrive and live their normal life. I was exhausted after the first night. I was there on business and had no time to find a better hotel. So I went for earplugs for the following night. If you must go there. Get ear plugs!!!",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or145-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient to the train station, the next step up from a hostel.","This hotel is extremely convenient to the Kings Cross train stations, a four minute walk away. Good for a quick one night stopover but not much more. All of the hotels in this area are around the same price point. The rooms are very small, the decor, linens, towels, etc... are very old. The free morning breakfast is sub par but then again, its ""free."" This place is best descried as the next step up from a youth hostel. Staff was friendly.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or145-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good for location if looking for something cheap,"Cons: Not very clean, small room, squeeky floor-bed-doors, I could hear all neighbours even on the floor above. I am pretty sure they could hear us too. Not enough warm water in the shower, shower and sink were leaking. It could be called hostel, as it is a group of houses, connected together. Bed was uncomfortable and hard. Breakfast variety was poor. Breakfast ends at 9.30, we went at 9.10 and there was very little food left (no eggs, sausages), was not refilled (appart from bacon). Also during breakfast the staff cleaning inside the kitchen was much more noisy than all the people having their breakfast together in the room. I didn't even bother to wake up early next morning to have breakfast, it wasn't worth it.  Pros: Great location, 2 mins walk from Kings cross station, 24h…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or150-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic bed and breakfast,"We stayed for two nights in this  very basic hotel, it was 5 minutes from King's Cross station so the location was ideal for our purposes.The room was small but clean with a comfortable bed,however no hairdryer,and our room smelled of stale smoke.The cooked breakfast was good,but the tea and coffee stewed.The staff were friendly.This hotel is ideal if you want a basic reasonable hotel in an ideal location.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or150-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel ,We have stayed at the European hotel a few times now and have never been disappointed with our trips. The hotel is very reasonably priced and it has always been lovely and quiet and the staff were friendly and helpful! The rooms have always been clean with the beds made everyday for us and fresh towels. On our last trip we left behind a few of our expensive belongings in the room and when we contacted the hotel they could not have been more helpful in returning our things to us and going out of their way to send them on recorded delivery. Will always be our go to hotel when we stay in london! ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or150-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Really happy,Great Location!!!  Never been to a 2 star hotel but I was very happy with this hotel. Reception is always open and wifi is good unless you use apple. It's great for a business trip and cheap. Breakfast we avoided but otherwise cannot complain.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or150-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location.,The single room I booked was very small but also cheap. The room was very clean with laminate flooring so no dirty carpet. Breakfast is help yourself with full English and preserves for toast. The staff are friendly and the hotel is located 2 minutes walk from kings cross rail and tube station so travelling anywhere is easy from this base.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or150-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Super Cheap but you get what you pay for,"This is the cheapest hotel in the area and for good reason. If your on a budget then go for it. I stayed many times when traveling alone and in my early 20s however after several visits the tiny rooms, low quality furniture, uneven flooring, rude staff etc mean I would never stay here if traveling with others. Pros: location, price, clean Cons: absolutely everything else",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or155-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",to spend a few days in londen,"clean, basic, no elevator, good breakfast self service style, coffee or tea in thermos, if you call ahead you can leave luggage in hotel or in room if room is already available, hotel not that far from St Pancras station, after leaving that station you cross Euston Road and go direction of Kings Cross station on the right you find Crestfield Str, go in and a little further you find on the left European hotel, you can also leave your luggage on check out day in store room of hotel before taking Eurostar(high speed train) back home., also recommendable is Hotel the California, Hotel Great Northern near St Pancras , Premier Inn Londen St Pancras on Euston Road",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or155-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",2 Mental Days !,"I was planning a two day trip to London with my girlfriend to go to a Football Match and a Concert, I wanted somewhere as cheap as possible, with good access to Central London, and preferably Breakfast. The European Hotel did not disappoint. The place was clean, the staff were friendly, the location is less than 5 Minutes walk from Kings Cross and St Pancras stations. There are plenty of shops and pubs nearby. And for a free breakfast it was fantastic, all you can eat buffet that set my girlfriend and me up for two very busy days of sight seeing. The room we had was very small, as was the bathroom, but how much space do you really need ? I for one don't want to spend time in the room, its about going out and having fun ! Do not come here if you want 5 star luxuries, its…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or155-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very adequate,"We stayed for an overnight stop as it was only10 min walk from Euston. Very box standard hotel looks far better from the outside, the bedrooms which ours was a double you couldn't swing a cat!! The breakfast room is in the basement and it's very poor standard for a hotel ! I've been in cosier back street cafes! On the plus side location good to train stations and there is a pub around the corner called Mgynlies which does superb meals.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or155-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Try to get private accommodation instead,"This is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in. London accommodation is expensive, but if you're on a budget, it's better to look for a room or an apartment elsewhere. The rooms are tiny and the bed as well. When my partner tuned around, I had to turn around too (we're not plus-sized people). The wifi is on and off and there are no toiletries except for a tiny bar of soap. Elevator - non-existent.   I wouldn't even be writing about this (as I don't like to complain) if the staff had at least been nice. But no. During our five-day stay most of the times we didn't even get a simple 'hello' when we entered the hotel.  The only pros: price and location",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or155-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Recent 6 night Stay at the European Hotel  KIngs Cross,"My daughter and I booked for a 6 night stay at the European from 04 December to 10 December.  Not known what to expect, but we were delighted with the service we got for the price we paid.  All staff was friendly and pleasant from reception, room attendant and  breakfast staff, nothing was too much trouble, we always request extra towels and tea from reception, no problem, the staff even helped us with our luggage.  We stayed in a twin room, which was basic and small but very clean, which is all we wanted as we only spent a short time in the bedroom, the cleaning staff we met was very helpful and polite, the breakfast staff were great and catered for my daughter by making eggs she could eat when the lady saw us arriving in the breakfast area.  All in all a good experience at the…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or160-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrible!,"This is the WORST place I have every stayed at in my life. The room was not just small, it was so narrow that I kept bumping into bed/table/wardrobe at every single move. The bathroom was so tiny that if I had been any taller or bigger I would not have been able to use it at all. It certainly was not clean, I felt disgusted every time I had to take a shower. There was no elevator and I had to drag a 20 kg suitcase up and down the very narrow, spiraling stairs. Plus the wi-fi did not work at all.... It was a dreadful experience. Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or160-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"This was a fairly basic hotel but the price was very reasonable considering it was just a couple of minutes walk from Kings Cross. We were offered a choice of a ground floor front, or a first floor rear room. We took the rear room as we were fairly jet-lagged and wanted a good night's sleep. It was indeed fairly quiet. There were no lifts, which caused us no problems, but some might struggle getting their suitcases up. The room was dated but clean and functional. It was small but not cramped. The en-suite had seen better days and was tiny, but yet again it was clean and functional. Reception were friendly and helpful Breakfast was very basic.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or160-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Should not advertise wifi if not accessible in room,"Stayed here last night prior to an assessment centre today. Great location but very loud outside, kind of understandable and unavoidable however. But the wifi did not work in my room. I was on the second floor and there were floors above! Should not advertise wifi available if it is that poor. Shower in one cupboard, toilet in another. The only toiletries was a small bar of soap. Walls so thin i may as well have been in the same room as next door. Then the fire alarm went off three times at around 2:45am and nobody knew what to do. Very poor night. Also coffee was awful - freeze dried and 'whitener' instead of milk. Pay a little more and stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or160-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"It is a nice, clean room for a good (cheap) price. The staff is friendly. Breakfast is simple, but perfect! You really get what you pay for, only a bit better. Just a few minutes walk to the access of the subway.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or160-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Charge my credit card and still want me to pay cash.,This hotel is crazy.they charge your credit card bill just becouse to test your card is valid.you have to pay again when you arrive here and they said the bill have been return.we  check ours credit card bill online and still no transaction show the money have been return.,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or165-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for the price,"I booked this hotel on travelstay.com and the price was incredibly cheap so wasn't  sure what to expect. I'd just came back from my travels in South America and i must say it was a very good hotel. Fantastic location, friendly staff and a good sized clean room. Over would stay here again. ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or165-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"We chose this hotel because it was budget and the location was perfect.  We were not disappointed.  The staff was kind and friendly and the breakfast very good.  Yes it is small and a tad noisy.  From Kings Cross/St. Pancreas, cross and go down Chestnut street and you will get there quickly.  It is on Argyle Square, not Argyle Street.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or165-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but for the late night noise,"This hotel is placed in a great location near the kingscross train and underground stations plus bus stops also not far from Holborn and about 1 mile + from oxford street  and the room was very basic also tiny but does the job  . My two biggest complaints is the stairs you have to walk up and there is a few to get to the 3rd floor where I stayed  , The worst thing I experienced staying here was a group of kids being very loud outside the hotel from 10.00pm -3.00am which is when I managed to get some sleep and be wary as there is a park and tennis court opposite the hotel where people like to hang out and this is why I don't think I will book to stay here again  . ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or165-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Shopping trip to London,Although this hotel was only a 1 star I can say that just for somewhere reasonably priced I would recommend your hotel. We were able to drop our luggage in our room at 10.15 even though the previous guests had only just checked out. The room wasn't ready or clean but when we returned that evening it was. Rooms are small but then we didn't book the grande hotel as we just wanted somewhere to put our heads after a long day shopping. We didn't get breakfast but that was no fault of the hotel but ours because we didn't get up in time so unable to comment. Again we went out for the day and returned after 8pm to collect our luggage. My only other gripe is the young man on the reception didn't put his phone down and was on to his friends all the time we were there waiting. Perhaps some…,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or165-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",London break 2015,"The hotel is ideal for a solo tourist, it's location is good for the main tourist sites in London. The Hotel/room and  breakfast (full English) were very basic with no frills, i paid £180.00 for 3 nights which i thought was a fare price.  I would use this hotel again. Martin  Martin",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or170-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not a lot of bang for your buck (£),"£80 per night is a relatively steep accommodation fee but this is tempered by the proximity to Kings Cross St Pancras which is literally only 200m from the hotel. The rooms are approximately 3m x 3m, basic furnishings and the bathroom is laughable. You need to almost ride side-saddle on the toilet as the basin is in front of it and the shower pressure is poor and the temperature is tepid at best; not great for a cool climate. Other guests were smoking in their rooms and the smell invaded our bathroom through the vent. The breakfast is substantial but there is little choice. Bacon, eggs, sausage and beans... every day... but lots of it. The staff are efficient but not overly cheerful or friendly.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or170-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor but in good location.,"We spent a few nights there  while visiting London. The hotel was recomended by some agancy as it was the only  free place to stay, for a reasonable price, when we were in London.The location was excellent. The receptionists were kind and helpful but the staff in the kitchen very loud and rambunctious ,cursing in Polish & Russian ( which languages I happen to know well). The room was very small and noisy, and a bathroom too tight.It seemed the hotel needs better cleaning. The breakfast edible, at least warm with unlimited servings but the dining room, in the basement, sleazy",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or170-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but in good location,"Pros - price and location. only few minutes walk to Kings Cross tube/train station. Hotels are London can be pricey - so the rate of £80 a night might be attractive. However this a very basic hotel. Rooms are clean, compact & basic - bed, desk, small wardrobe & smallest TV I've ever seen. Tea/coffee making facilities.  If you are look  ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or170-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location but over priced for a basic budget stay in London,"Reserved this hotel for 5 nights mainly because it was in a walking distance to my tasks at London. Since my visit to this hotel as a solo I reserved a single bedroom with attached bath. However, I never thought that I will be given such a small room where I end up in developing claustrophobia. Access to the room was extremely difficult without a lift but only a narrow staircase. I cannot recommend this hotel even as a budget hotel because it is over priced for an extreme small room.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or170-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a basic budget stay in London,"Very clean hotel a few minutes walk from central London. In a quiet little square away from the main road. Room was clean and basic. Tv, tea and coffee facilities. En suite bathroom with shower (soap was provided but bring your own shampoo and toothpaste). Very good place for the price. We stayed one night for a concert nearby and found it very reasonable, especially since it included breakfast (we were too hungover to avail of it though!).",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or175-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","ok, but terrible shower","The room is what you expect for the price. I stayed for two nights. 60 pounds does not get you much and you do not get much here. Room was small, though I did get a double bed for a solo traveller which was good. Location was fine near Kings Cross Station. Wifi was free and worked well. The bathroom was small and had the worst shower I have ever had. The shower head had no power at all, it was terrible. It did have tea/coffee making facilities. Ok for a short stay if you get a good shower. Breakfast was ok, but the kitchen was very loud, which did not make for a nice experience.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or175-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient but over priced,"The room was very small. Which we didn't mind as we were expecting a small room. Our bathroom smelled of damp.  The main reason for my rating is that when I tried to book a double room online I was told there was no availability. I rang up the hotel and was advised to book a single room, and state in the comments that i needed a double, and would be charged at a rate of £75 per night. A bit steep for what was provided, especially when another friend of mine decided to stay in the hotel while we were there yet was only charged £55 for a night.   It seems the rates are made up depending on what they feel you can afford.   I was very shocked with this practice ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or175-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for the Business Traveller for low cost no frills,"Linen was clean, room was not A/C, but clean. Quite quiet, very low price for London however. Fairly typical of the Camden / Near Kings X places to sleep. Not for tourism, not for long stays. Breakfast included was OK.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or175-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Only ok,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here over the bank holiday weekend. The rooms are definitely smaller that they look in the pictures and the bathrooms could definitely use an update. The shower tiles were horrible and I almost felt the need to wear flip flops in the shower as all the cracks around the tiles were black.  The internet worked but not all the time and we had to keep re-connecting.  We missed breakfast each morning but on the first day I did go down to get us some orange juice and coffee. The orange juice is basically miwadi Orange cordial, and the milk for the coffee smelled ok but seemed to lump when I put it in the coffee. This turned me off it altogether.   On the up side the room wasn't expensive which helped up hold onto some of our holidaying money :) and the staff…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or175-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent choice for a budget stopover,"After reading the reviews for this hotel, we were very nervous of what to expect as a lot of reviewers slated the facilities and service. However, we were pleasantly surprised. We are a family of 4, with two 16 year olds and we needed somewhere to stay before taking an early Eurostar the next day. We paid £130 for our room and, although we have paid less in London before, this time comparative prices were much higher. The nearest Travelodge would have been well over £250 (as we would have had to book 2 rooms).   The website stated that the price included breakfast but we did not expect to have this as we were leaving at 7am. When the gentleman at reception told us the breakfast times and we explained this, he asked what time we were leaving and offered to have our breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or180-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Small, dated, but great base at affordable price","Are the rooms small? Yes they are. They are also very basic and in need of updating. However, the staff were friendly enough, the room had everything we needed for a couple of nights in London. A five minute walk to King's cross station. And in comparison to nearby hotels the price was amazing.... as a Base it was adequate, and we went to London to explore, not check for dust on top of wardrobes :) would definitely stay here again if I visited London. The 4 out of 5 rating is because for the price, you really couldn't ask for much more, but we never had the breakfasts included because the dining room is fairly small and was busy.... but there is a McDonald's at the top of the street so a mcmuffin and latte were welcome substitutes. If you want room and luxury this is not the…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or180-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL!!!!!!,"Stayed here for one night on a Wednesday as I was going to a festival over the weekend & getting the train from St Pancreas. This hotel is just over the road from the station but I would rather stay in a hotel 10 miles away than stay here again. I had a very big heavy suitcase with me & a back pack. The receptionist seen that I struggled to carry my things up the few stairs at the front of the hotel, when I finally got in they told me I was on the second floor! one man on reception when I got there was very rude & unhelpful!! NO LIFT & No one told me there was a luggage room so I had to drag all of my things up the stairs with no help or assistance at all, the staircase is also very thin & steep. The room was tiny & sockets hanging out of the walls. The next morning I had to…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or180-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great place for travelling around London,"Pros: 3 mins walk to Kings Cross Station :) , Continental breakfast, wifi, double bed with toilets.It only costs 80 pounds for me and my brother. GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY. They even allowed me to store my luggage after i checked out.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or180-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE STAFF & DIRTY HOTEL,"My Fiance came from Germany to visit me and I have booked this hotel for him, when we went to the hotel the receptionist said that if I was going up to the room with my fiance then i have to pay £10 for my self, I said no we are just going to leave my fiance's suitcase there, then we went up with my fiance 5 minutes later the receptionist came up stairs knocking on the door saying i have stayed too long and I should be paying £10 so just for him to go I have paid £10 (although I went home to sleep because I live here with my parents) so everyday when I went to get my fiance from his room I paid the receptionist £10 for each day, all the staff are very rude and the rooms are very dirty its got nothing to do with the description on their web site,  forget about people going there…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or180-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location but be prepared, the staff is louder than the guests...","Perfect location to visit central London, next to King's Cross St Pancras subway station, an ideal starting point for taking a metro that brings you nearly everywhere. Within walking distance to the Wellcome Collection, The British Museum, shops, restaurants etc. The double room was tiny yet practical and clean. Flushing the toilet was frightening as the toilet cistern sounded like a regiment of Panzer tanks and we thought the wall was going to collapse. Now what really drove us mad was the couple who kept on having A wild s## session at 1am all windows open. The woman was louder than anything we have ever heard, screaming, laughing...that was rough and her voice is still resonating in our heads! Believe it or not, we recognized her voice when checking out at the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or185-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Location location location!,"For £250 for 3 nights in kings cross I wasn't that disappointed but if you're looking for luxury pay more!  Has a 2nd floor double, so four flight of stairs to climb to room. The room was tiny but served its purpose! Bed I feel was smaller than a standard double but I am used to a king size!  The bathroom was even smaller, just enough room for a shower, toilet and sink.   Was kept to a good standard of cleanliness, but lacked in comfort! The room was at the front and on a warm night with the window open there is a real problem with noise.  Location otherwise was fantastic and served us well for exploring inner London.  If you don't mind all of the above for a relative cheap stay then this is the place for you!  Didn't have much in the way of breakfast so can't really comment!",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or185-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel for catching an early train from KIngs Cross or St Pancras,"Ours was a small clean twin room with OK beds,dodgy plumbing and creaky floorboards.  No lift or baggage hoist, though secure storage believed to be available near Reception.  Front rooms overlook a park; rear ones don't.  Free WiFi.  Friendly Italian staff.  Hot breakfast plus cereals, etc.  At £80 prpn, more expensive than a first-class B&B in Yorkshire, of course, but cheaper than almost anything else we were tempted by that our on-line searches revealed in London - and much better than all-too-many we found at this end of the market.  Does the job.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or185-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",4 night stay,I guess you get what you pay for. London is expensive and this hotel is good value for money. Location is perfect. Even arriving from Heathrow was easy. The hotel however is only good for sleeping. Rooms are extremely small. No real space to put luggage. Breakfast is English style only. So bacon and eggs. We probably would not stay there again for the above reasons. Staff are very friendly.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or185-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, Great location","The hotel is just 4 minutes walk from Kings Cross station. The room is quite small. My family stayed only for one night as we were heading to Dublin the next day. The staff are friendly and nice. 24h counter available so don't worry if you arrive late at night. Overall, the room is clean, free breakfast and wifi provided, so many restaurants around this area, and most important, value for money. Short stay recommended.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or185-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, miniature bathrooms!!!","The location is excellent, the building front looks good, the breakfast  buffet is basic but has what is required in a clean and spacious basement breakfast room.   Sadly the rooms looked tired and tatty and had a faint smell of smoke,the bathroom is a cabin in the room, where you can not move in the shower as it is so small, so felt unclean after showering, in order to clean your teeth at the sink you find your rear sticking out the cabin so you can not close door, i have been in caravans with bigger bathrooms!!!!  however, the staff were friendly, the sheets clean and the location to the underground and train station excellent, so if you plan not to stay in your room and be out most of the time , and are as wide as a cheese string in order to use the shower, this is ideal!!!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or190-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the money,"Booked this for a one night stay, room was clean, bed was comfortable, bathroom small but everything worked. Little bit noisy outside as front facing room, opposite a park, so would ask for a quiet room next time. Reception staff friendly and helpful.  It's not luxurious but if you need a bed and like things clean and basic then this ticks all the boxes, good value for the money. Bonus of only being a 2min walk from kings cross, will definitely stay again",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or190-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small Rooms BUT this is What You Get in London,"It was my 2nd time in this hotel. Still as dependable because it was close to Train Station in Kings Cross. For £60 a night, you get a very small room with small toilet and bathroom. First timers to London may be disappointed. But this is what you get in London. You want big comfortable 3 stars hotel room? Pay £200 a night. But if you're on a tight budget, this is the place to go. Tweak your expectations. Then everything would be fine.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or190-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap overnight stay ,"Booked the European as a cheap overnight stay  Booked 2 singles as I was travelling with move grown up son  From the outside it looked really nice, inside a little different  My sons room was just big enough to fit the bed in. The shower space was stolen from the room next same as the toilet.  My room was slightly better 2 singles  The hotel had a bedsit feel to it at breakfast. Food at breakfast was what you expect from a cheap London hotel   On the plus side I did sleep well but that could have been down to the amount of walking we had done during the day  In all an OK cheap stay in London ",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or190-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",not the best,"we were booked in for 1 night, it was very handy for Kings Cross as it was literally across the road from it, room was very small and so was bathroom, breakfast room was very busy so we had to come back later, then once we got there it was a bit chaotic no one new which way to go to the self service trolley so people were pushing a little breakfast was ok but not the best, all in all was ok for the 1 night but wouldn't stay for longer",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or190-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely dissapointing experience,The worst hotel ive ever stayed at... the staff were unfriendly. They was no customer service didn't feel welcome at all.The double room was small and uncomfortable bedding. The bathroom was tiny and not clean properly.The breakfast was horrible made me feel sick.The hotel was more like a hanted hostel very dark and dull... the people who stayed at the hotel looked all polish europeans. Im surprised how this hotel is running... It was not worth the value £ 80. I only chose this hotel because it was very close to kings cross st  from this bad experience i'l rather travel abit further out of central london to get a good value hotel and enjoy my trip more...,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or195-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and price,"The location is excellent, short walk from Kings Cross and other tube stations. The room was basic but did the job. Breakfast was a full cooked breakfast and included in the price. The price as very good for a hotel in London",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or195-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,"The staff were very friendly, they couldnt have done any more. We were allowed to check in early and leave the luggage until our train home. Breakfast is plentiful and the beds are comfortable and clean. There isnt anything bad I can say, as you dont get 1st class accommodation for the price they charged .",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or195-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Average freindly cheap budget hotel,"you get what you pay for. we went for three nights and knew what we were letting ourselves in for. the negatives was the room was small,shower looked like it was in a former cupboard,some issues with cleanliness(toe nail in drawer,black hair on toilet cistern),all this place needs is a bit of TLC and new decor. the positives was close to kingscross station,freindly staff,nice breakfast buffet set up,room made up everyday fresh towels albeit two average sized ones(could do with floor mat for shower) as we had to use one towel for this after stepping out of cubicle. Saying that next time we take one ourselves to rectify this,which means we would stay again at the price in which we got the room.  Ideally located from kingscross ,we were on second floor around the back ,could`nt…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or195-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Simple accommodation.,"The European Hotel provides lower cost accommodation in central London.  It is within wheeling distance from Kings Cross/St Pancras even in the busyness of a frantic Friday night.  The room I had was very small but had a double bed and shower/toilet facility. It was enough to get into London, sleep and get going the next morning.  The large, included English breakfast delightfully served by a kind bunch of ladies in the kitchen was a sumptuous way of getting going in the day.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or195-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great price and location,"One night in london for work. The location of this hotel is great and for the price I think it's fantastic. My room was small but not tiny, had a TV and decent bathroom, although the shower was more of a drip than a shower! Tea and kettle in room, Hairdryer available at reception. I feel that this hotel is a great price for the location and service. I would stay again, although I would probably avoid the breakfast next time and just go to one of the bakeries near by. If you're not looking for luxury and you're only in london for a few nights I would definitely considor staying here.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or200-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent budget hotel, excellent location","The pros: - The staff: I was desperately trying to find a place where I could print out two A4 pages, so I asked the lady at the reception. She offered their office printer, free of charge. This was kind of unexpected I must admit.  - The breakfast. English. Real English. Not English-like. Ham, bacon, eggs, beans.  - Location: King's Cross tube and train station 5 minutes walking. Fast food chains, shops, groceries in the area.   The cons:  - room is comfortable, but small. The bathroom was actually a wooden cabin. Served its purpose, though.   I would definitely choose this hotel again.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or200-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget Hotel,"Just stayed for 2 nights at the European Hotel Argyll Square Kings Cross and had a good stay, the rooms are small but no noise, the room was warm, bed comfy and a full english breakfast all at a very good price for London. Be realistic in your expectations for the cost and you will not be disappointed, friendly staff, we were on the first floor over looking the square and would happily stay there again, excellent location 3 minutes walk to Kings cross and St Pancras, very nice places to eat just round the corner.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or200-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A Comfortable Stay In The Centre Of London At A Very Reasonable Price,"I stayed at the European Hotel for three nights. I booked this hotel as I had early morning appointments around Euston station on each day of my stay. I have to say that booking this hotel was a very good choice indeed. In less than 10 minutes on foot I was at Euston. The area which the hotel is located is called King’s Cross and King’s Cross is a much safer place than it used to be, so  I felt very safe walking back to the hotel alone at night. The European Hotel is located right in the heart of London and the price of £60/per night is very reasonable for London standards. Wifi, digital TV, a kettle with a selection of teas and breakfast are all included in the price. I had a clean, modern and ensuite room which faced out to the square and I never had any problems with noise.…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or200-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Close to Transport links,"Clean, warm, average hotel for the price in London. Given room on 3rd floor (no lift). There was an electrical socket on the wall that was smashed and had exposed wiring. The shower pressure was low and it took nearly 5 minutes to get anything like warm! Staff were helpful and friendly, though did not fix the socket as promised. The price paid was £80 per night with an en suite which is  good value in London. The English breakfast was good, and for my purposes was close to the Rail and Tube at Kings Cross/St. Pancras. The hotel suited my purpose (used as a crash pad) and there are numerous bars and restaurants in the locality",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or200-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for Money and Close to St Pancras,Stayed here because I needed to get to St Pancras at 5am the next day. Perfect location. Steps away from the station. Greeted warmly by Lucia the receptionist. She's s very nice lady. London rooms are small and relative to price. I already know that since this wasn't my first time in London. So I generally hope that the hotel would optimize the use of space in thir small single rooms. The one I stayed was fine. But the wash basin was located too near the toilet bowl and it was a little challenging trying to use the toilet without hitting the basin. Other that that this little gem is perhaps the best bang for the buck in Kings Cross.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or205-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money and location,"The European Hotel is only a 3 minute walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras station, and directly in front of the hotel is a small park. Although the room is tiny (but still en-suite), I only stayed one night and so it was all I needed, especially as I only paid £60. There was a kettle with different sachets - tea/coffee/sugar. A lamp was also provided which proved useful as a bed-side light. The bed was comfortable enough but the window was only singe-glazed so could be loud at times. It certainly was not cold (I stayed mid-November) - the radiator was right next to the bed and there was an extra blanket in a desk draw, if needed (I kicked mine off the bed!). A tv is also provided, on the wall at the foot of the bed. I was on the top floor but there was still strong wi-fi signal. No…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or205-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Brill Location, Brill Place","I was a bit nervous booking this hotel because of some of the reviews. But, as soon as I got there, I knew I'd made the right decision. The welcome was lovely I was able to see the room before I paid for it. Very reassuring. I had a single room with a lovely window and view over the Square. It was only a few mins walk from St Pancras and Kings Cross. The room was spotless, a comfy bed, a tv and kettle with tea and coffee sachets, a really nice shower, sink and toilet. What more could you ask for? Recently I paid almost four times the amount for an overnight in a Premier Inn. This hotel was incredibly good value.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or205-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay,"its a very convenient place to stay coz its a 5 minute walk to kings cross st pancras station. we stayed in a triple room, room size is ok, but bathroom is too small. wi-fi connection is excellent. noise from outside disturbed our sleep by the way. ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or205-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best but price was OK.,Stayed 18 19 Oct 14. Well shall we start? Aim arrived at the hotel was easy to get to and my resection good. Given my room top of the house 3 flits up. Ok. I did not spend a lot on the room  Shared toilet and shower room toilet so small no towel to dry your hands on . Shower room  big but not the standard you need and the banister  broken at the bottom surroundings in the aria not so good. Over all worth the money. But the breakfast was the b   o cks. So match as you like.,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or205-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",One of London's better budget hotels,"This not so small budget hotel offers many advantages but if you plan to stay here, you have to keep an open mind.  This is, and does not pretend to be more, a budget hotel.  What it offers as a plus.  - A full English breakfast (in the form of a buffet but decent enough) - The bed mattress is comfortable enough - It is a 5 minute walk from King's Cross St Pancras International station - The rooms are clean (at least the one I stayed in) - You can get an en-suite room at a rate cheaper than the rest of the area - The hotel is quiet as is the square outside the hotel after 9PM (no traffic) - You can walk to Russell Square in 10 minutes and the British Museum in 15 minutes - The staff is helpful  - At your disposal are extra towels, adaptors, hairdryers, free wifi in every room…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or210-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Better than most,"The European Hotel was a great place to stop with more room in the rooms then what we have had in previous stops in this area. The rooms we're very clean, but a little tired. This wasn't a problem as we said. Very clean. The staff we're friendly on arrival, and helpful. This was a central hotel just across the road from Kings Cross. The only downfall was that the walls are a bit thin. We had loud neighbours, but once they we're asleep that was great. The beds we're comfy, and we had a good night's sleep. The breakfast consisted of full English or continental. There was plenty of it, and it was pretty good. When you leave, you don't have to hang around to hand your key in as there is a hole in the counter to post. There is also a room to leave your luggage. This is far better…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or210-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Old, small, clean","We spent 4 nights in the hotel this October. Yes, I would agree with many previous reviews - it is really old and needs refurbishing. The rooms are indeed small (we had a bed, small space on all sides to walk around it, and a tiny bathroom - although the shower stall was sufficiently big, I guess it depends on the room). The breakfast was limited to English breakfast + one type of cereal + milk and tea/coffee. Definite cons: you hear people walking above you as the floor boards are really squeaky. You hear (and feel) people walking up and down the stairs (the house is old) - so we were forced to wake up at 7 am when the ""elephants"" above us would wake up :) The bed was also not very comfy, though I slept like a baby, but my husband suffered. Two big PROs - the hotel is close to…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or210-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Squeezy,"The hotel is an excellent location, being a very short distance from King's Cross station.  The twin room we had was very small and the bathroom was even smaller!  The shower head was held up with red tape, the towels were small and a bit thin, no bath mat provided.  There is not even a toilet roll holder!  You barely had room to turn around in the shower and if you bent over you hit your head on the basin.  We were in a ground floor room but the local derros seemed to use the area outside our window to congregate and yell at each other at night!  There was only 1 choice of cereal at breakfast, the hot food seemed plentiful but the toast was like leather after being kept in a bain marie.  The only choice of juice, orange, tasted like cordial.  I had breakfast at Pret instead. …",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or210-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Truly Awful!,"Others have said it before me. Small, filthy, uncomfortable and so noisy. Had no choice as my company booked it, but if they book it again for me, the next thing they'll get is my resignation. Yes, I would honestly quit my job rather than stay in this dive again.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or210-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",RUN!!! Stay away from this hotel,"I dont have a problem with small rooms or bathrooms as long as they are clean. This hotel was absolutely disgusting. All the pictures are 100% accurate. Moldy, smelly, unclean and unkept rooms, peeling wall paper, stains all over the room including on the sheets,  standing water in the shower, no room to even move around once your suitcases are in, loudness from other guests and outside noise. Terrible terrible experience for us!! We stayed in the city and visited as long as we could so that we didn't have to come back to this crap hole. And to top it all, the customer service was equally poor. Short answers, condescending, rude. Extremely disappointed with this place. You have been warned. ",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or215-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, cheap and perfect location!","This is an average hotel, but we chose it because it was in a perfect location, just 2 minutes from the King's Cross subway stop and the St. Pangras station - which is perfect for the Airport travelers.  Our room was really really small, as it was supposed from the photos, but it was properly cleaned everyday and really hot - the room and the water as well. They gave us and a hairdryer and everything else we had asked, we had a beautiful view to the park across the street and it was a very safe area for 2 girls traveling and staying late everynight! You can't expect much from decoration etc, but if what you want is to find a cheap and clean bed and breakfast hotel and staying out all day for touring, this is the perfect choice you can made!  Breakfast is average, rooms",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or215-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",afordable,stayed here for 2 nights afordable compared to other hotels it was very basic but clean need to be very fit for all the stairs especially on top floor! the only BAD thing i would say is that the noise that comes through the window is Terrible i was woke up around 5am with people rite out side the doorstep drinking booze and making a hell of a racket i noticed after that walking by other hotels they had double glazing screens fitted behind windows so if i was european hotel i would deffo consider doing this!!!  i would not go back sorry but if u are on a tight budget then its afordable,Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or215-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny with no lift,"I was expecting a small room, and this room was even more tiny than I could imagine. The worst part was being have to climb up three floors by steps with my suitcase, cause there is no lift. Tiny towel, breakfast is OK minus. Come here only for the price...",None,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or215-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",What a nightmare,"Where to start? My room (apparently a double) was the smallest most cramped space I have ever encountered. Just getting to the room through a series of very narrow walkways felt seriously unsafe (not sure this place will pass any Health & Safety inspections). The furniture was dilapidated and probably from the early 70""s. The springs in my mattress actually ""pinged"" every time I moved. I left the hotel after a week's stay with the most excruciating back and neck pain. I had to stand or sit on the bed to access the desk & cupboard at the foot of my bed. The bathroom was even scarier and more cramped! To sit on the loo I had to twist my upper body side ways and at the same time bend forward to tuck myself under the towel rail! The shower was so small I could only use one arm to…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or215-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and met my needs.,"The room is tight. The toilet and shower are separated, and the toilet is crowded. It served my needs for a touristy location with easy access to transportation, and a place to rest in between sight seeing. But the room is a little strange, feels more like a hostel room with a private bath (non-existant in hostels) than a hotel room. The WiFi is really slow, the shower grosses me out a little (I'm a super clean freak with shower stalls), but the rest of the room is clean. The water kettle had old water in it, and was dirty. Only 1 towel was provided, and there isn't really a place to hang it to dry, I asked for another one and it was provided. I booked this place based on a different website and all the positive reviews. I may not stay in this hotel again the next time I visit…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or220-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Appauling Hotel dirty and unsafe,"Firstly their was hair in both beds in both rooms and not just a couple  and the pillows had black marks on them  Both Showers were very dirty and had hairs in ,  and in one of the rooms there was blood in the grouting on the floor both kettles were dirty , one was broken ,  there were sachets of dried milk etc in the rooms some were open and the milk which was suppose to be powdered was a solid block  Plug socket in the kids room was unsafe and hanging off the wall  There was a large  hole under the bed leg   the tv had no signal in the kids room so was unwatchable and the tv in our room had a large yellow line running down the middle so again was unwatchable  the windows and frames were filthy and there was bits of rubbish shoved in the cracks  there was also what looked like…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or220-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Location was amazing but I would not go there again,"The hotel is located very Close to Kings Cross station so that helped as we had to take an Early morning ( 5:40 AM ) Eurostar to Paris. However everything else just did not seem right. Maybe like somebody has suggested in their review that this is what a Budget hotel is in London as opposed to a budget hotel in USA. However a few things I have to complain about - no elevator, very narrow  stairways, room felt like a dungeon, bathroom was extra-small, and after use it smelled because exhaust was either not there or was not sufficient. All in all, I will not go there again. I think I have learnt my lesson and that is Budget hotels in London are a no-no, spend a little more and have more peace of mind. Hotel did not have safety locker so I had to sight seeing in London with my…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or220-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, crappy accommodation.","£160 for two nights was good for the location but terrible for the actual hotel. There was an issue with the booking when we arrived as I was told the first night was already paid and that we would only have to pay on arrival. This was not the case and the full price had to be paid on arrival and there was barely an apology from staff. We were early so our room wasn't cleaned as expected so we just dropped off our bags. When we arrived back later the room was cleaned but overall it was very grubby. Cigarette and strange stains on the furniture, the toilet did not flush properly, the room was very very hot even with the window open and just overall it wasn't very pleasant. There was free breakfast but we didn't avail of it. If you're looking for somewhere in great location to the…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or220-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","For a budget hotel, it was great!","Look, to all of the Americans that aren't familiar with the DISTINCT difference between European budget hotels and American budget hotels, of course you're going to complain about the lack of elevators, small room and small bathrooms. This is completely typical and expected of a budget hotel like this. I don't thin you can expect white marble bathrooms that are immaculately clean for this price. Sure, it could be a bit cleaner even though it was relatively clean and definitely acceptable...but you could also spend another $300 per night and get a hotel that is what you want. DO NOT RESERVE AT A BUDGET HOTEL AND THEN BE MAD IT ISN'T A MARRIOTT.  To anyone looking to book this hotel, I will say it is exactly what it advertises to be - a budget hotel in London. The rooms are small…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or220-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",I would visit again,"I stayed there with my boyfriend for 3 nights in May and honestly, we were pleased. Location was super, breakfast was good, people at reception were friendly, room was clean. price was good (considering the location, the price was actually VERY good), So the room was a little small, but it wasn't a problem at all, cause we only went there for sleeping and we didn't have a plan to move in :p  There was one thing we didn't like though. There was no mat in bathroom and the floor was quite cold. But as I said, we were pleased with the hotel and we'd definitely go there again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or225-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling.,"One small towel, to be used as hand towel, shower towel AND mat. Awful awful awful. It is noisy outside and the internet does not work. No ironing facility or even a hair dryer. I am not impressed and would not recommend this. Unfortunately this place was booked for me by an employer (who I will not work for again). It is a box sized room. Probably on par with a hostel. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or225-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful!,"Excellent for Kings Cross/ St Pancras but wouldn't choose to stay here again. OK, it's cheapish price wise, but room cupboard size. One med. size towel each, no hand towel or bath mat. Tiniest of wardrobes. Staff not overly friendly or welcoming. Breakfast OK ish. I guess you get what you pay for but we've had better for the price.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or225-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for a reallty cheap overnight stay,"We paid £80 for a room for the two of us for a night and so were realistic about what we would get.  The welcome was excellent and the room acceptable - we were on the ground floor and, as it was a warm day, we were a bit concerned about how hot it would be but the outside was a courtyard so we were able to open the window.  The location is superb for St Pancras - we were booked on the 7am Eurostar  so we did not get to try breakfast.  I really could not recommend this for more than the purpose for which we used it but it served our purpose perfectly and I would recommend it from that point of view  You need to remember how cheap it is - especially compared to the chains in this area.  Yes, it does need some TLC and money spent on it but we would use it again and we are old!",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or225-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Daughter visited,My 19yr daughter stayed there in may x great value for money. Central to main transport. Great service.  Bed was ok. Breakfast was filling. Staff were helpful. you get what you pay for. Me and hubby are going to visit this hotel in September.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or225-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"We were a group of five. We booked 2 three-bedded rooms, I'd recommend the rooms on upper floors as they are cleaner, more spacious and nicer. The staff are friendly, they tend to please and the food is OK. Our English breakfast was a bit of a combination - instead of proper fried tomatoes they served warm pelatti, which I think  is innapropriate. It'd be best not to serve it at all if they can't afford to buy fresh tomatoes.Mushrooms were also missing, but the rest was OK. You can eat as much you want, so that's not a problem.   What we really appreciated is a fanatastic location, right opposite the King's Cross station, with excellent bus and Tube connections.  Viktorija",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or230-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best room,"The photos on line are not what what we got.  We arrived at 9.00pm, our room had been booked several weeks in advance. The fellow on reception was ok, didn't speak a lot really. Gave us our key and told us we were on the third floor and to use the stairs past reception. The stairs directly opposite the front door were in darkness. Made our way to our room ( no lifts and stair well very small).  Room very small for two ppl. Room was clean , strong smell of bleach. Bathroom very tiny, only two bath towels, no mat or hand towel. Soap provided, no shampoo or conditioner.  There was a stair well opposite our room, leading downstairs, which we used next morning, it was daylight so could be used safely. Breakfast was ok, staff were no where in sight. Not really worth what was charged…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or230-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",As bad as it gets,"It might depend on the room you get.  Mine was the worse room I have ever stayed in a hotel. It was very small.Only enough space for a bed and to make 3 steps from the door to reach the bed. I have never seen something like that. Many more problems arose.The noise didnt let me sleep at all for two nights. Just writing so that you are aware of what to expect. Try to check the room before you pay.  The location is indeed great, however, next time I would go for another hotel in the area.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or230-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very true,"Everything people have said is true. If you don't want to sleep stay here. Tea and coffee bags are supplied and when reception was asked for milk the guy behing the counter said "" No, no milk"" Enough said.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or230-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay at European Hotel Kings Cross,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  Booked for one night only to be near to Eurostar for early morning start. Had to pay for room on registration which we thought unusual. If we had not payed already we would not have stayed once we saw the room.  Was told room was via first door on the left after the stairs. This appeared to be a cupboard under the stairs but opened to stairs going down, (originally the cellar one assumes).  On the lower ground floor there were 3 doors, we had the central door/room.  Beds were made and clean. Kettle available for tea/coffee was fine. However things went down from there on. Toilet/shower tiny (have seen bigger in a caravan).  The toilet had thick brown build up visible under the rim. Damage to back of bathroom door looked like…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or230-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",basic hotel,"stayed for two nights for hubbys birthday, wen we arrived the room was busy , we ad aterriable journey down and just wanted to chill b4 we went round  london , any way the girl in reception was good she rang to the chambermaid and ask them to clean ours nex t, so we went to the pub wen came back it was done , it was clean but very small not really good wen ur big people , we was in block15 room 79. 36 steps up to room as no lifts ,we didnt complain as only there for 2 nigts , tele was a small 19 inch really u couldnt see u got  a small wardrobe, and two sets of drawers , and a double bed  tea ,coffee ,our room look over the park wat wat nice , didnt see much of the staff really , just night porter and breki staff , breakfast was  ok buffett breaki , im not really a food person…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or235-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You've got to laugh or you'd cry !,"Firstly on the positive side - for £40 per person for an hotel so close to Kings Cross/St Pancras (literally just across the road) I suppose it doesn't sound too bad - especially if you compare other bigger hotels in the area. Also, despite other reviews to the contrary, we did receive a pleasant and helpful reception on arrival. Our room was on the first floor, so not too bad for hoiking cases upstairs (no lifts). The décor is abominable  - tiled walls up the staircase (none of the walls seem to match) - threadbare carpets - no paint on the doors etc. The room itself was overlooking Argyle Square - complete with winos who seemed to be there most of the day until they were locked out later at night. The bathroom was tiny - in the shower the tiled floor seemed to have had a hole…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or235-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Small Room, Basic, but clean",Stayed for 2 nights in March.  Room was very small and basic but it was clean.  Beds clean and comfortable. Did not stay for breakfast as had really early starts so can't comment on that.  The phrase you get what you pay for really is made for this place.  I would stay again if necessary as the location is very good for Kings Cross/ commuting.  Shower not great but worked and the water was hot enough.  Staff not extreamly friendly but were not rude to me either.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or235-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Best hôtel for a budget in london,Best hôtel in london it's the only one I recommend! The wake up call was on time and the staff really helpful! Everything was perfect!!! Tropical showers in every room 5* rooms for 3* prices. On a scale of 1 to 10 -> 51!!!!!,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or235-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic But Clean,"Good central location, although not in the best area. Stayed in a single room with very small separate WC and shower. Water was only Luke warm and facilities very cramped and tired. Walls also very thin between rooms. Single bed very comfy and overall very clean. A budget hotel that was simply just somewhere to put my head down at night for a last minute trip to be able to meet up with an old friend, without breaking the bank. Will plan in advance next time to pay the same price for a better hotel.Didn't try the breakfast, so can't comment on that",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or235-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed Again!!!,This is the second time I have styed here in  the last 6 months. Was clean and bed very comfortable. Provided with an extra pillow and hairdryer on request. Breakfast very good and staff accomodating. Will use this in the future. Sure.....rooms are not very big but appropriate for a bed for the night and a breakfast..........,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or240-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Rude welcome. Clean room.,"Stayed one night. I got lost and ended up down quiet dark backstreets!, although that was my fault. When I eventually arrived I quickly found out the reviews about the VERY rude lady on reception were true. She was argumentative and sarcastic all because she couldn't understand my name. She tried to say that I was lying about my name!!  Was very sarcastic about paying for the room and then pointed down the hallway and said to go up some stairs. I did not want anything further to do with this lady.  When I located my room I was pleasantly suprised. YES they are very small but perfectly adequate for one night and also my room was very clean. One other thing is this is a red light area. I only stayed one night and was approached by two prostitutes at the end of the street the hotel…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or240-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Frozen!,"At 5 a.m. the heating turned off making the hotel really chilly. I stayed on floor 5, so it was really cold.. I complained and after two visits of my guy from the reception, it is still cold. I am waiting to leave it as soon as I can and get warm in the King's Cross.   I am a Londoner. Booked it because of the strikes to be closer to my work.. Feel absolutely exhausted and sad. Booked for two days and it is unlikely to get any cancellation. At least it is cheap. Hostels are probably warmer than this..",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or240-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Value,"This hotel is a combination of terrace houses joined at the ground floor level . The room we used was about 11 ft square with a space taken out for toilet and shower. There was a double and single bed in this space. The window could not be closed to reduce noise as it was the only way to control temperature. The bed was lumpy, water was limited in flow. Breakfast was very good and the staff was pleasant and helpful. Cost was high having paid London rooms for the reservation and not getting any discount the total for 2 nights for three people was $427.  This was more than a quality hotel like Premier inn at Tower hill. Would not recommend this hotel except as a last possible choice.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or240-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever visited - and now less my ipod,"Where to begin? The fact that we were kept awake all night because the walls are paper-thin and you can hear people walking around like elephants? The exposed plug holes? The use-by date of 2009, 2011 and 2012 on the ketchup and brown sauce in the breakfast room?   Well, how about the fact that I accidentally left my ipod nano in the bedside cupboard, and my friend left her ipod charger? We realised when we were on the train home (maybe 20 minutes after checking out) and promptly rang the hotel. The person who picked up (she called herself Lucy) said that there had definitely not been anything left in the room, without even checking.   I asked her to please check again and ask the cleaner as they had definitely been left behind. She sounded surly about this, but told me to call…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or240-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in,The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it is in a quiet location but very handy for Kings Cross/St Pancreas. After that it is all downhill. The hotel is several houses that have been joined together but it looks like most of the rooms have been divided into 2 to maximise the number of rooms available for customers. The room we had was on the ground floor (room 3) with very difficult access past the stairs to the breakfast room. It was hard to negotiate 2 full size suitcases through the narrow twisting corridor. In the room the double bed took up most of the available floor space. One side was flush against the radiator under the window and the space then left between the bed and the bathroom was so small that one of us had to step into the bathroom to let the other…,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or245-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place,Been there with two friends. One Single room for 60 pounds. A Double / triple for over 100 pounds is simply a rip off. Plus you can't honestly share that room with two others. Beds old and uncomfortable. Gross bathroom. There are plenty of better options. Will never come back!!!,Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or245-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Fair enough...,"I wouldn't call this place a hotel, but rather an inn or B&B. This may come from the fact that I come from Spain, where hotels are true hotels and the attention given to this sector is far beyond what you can find in other European cities.  The location is perfect: just 3 min walk from King's Croos -St Pancras, so plenty of metro lines and buses; eventhough it's a pretty noisy area, the street is quiet and you can have your beauty sleep. There are also plenty of restaurants and shops, nice for an English breakfast or dinner.  The hotel staff was OK and we checked in fast and they answered all our questions. They didn't have any adapters available (only on sale) which we didn't like as it was stated adaptors were available for free. The only thing we didn't like at all was that…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or245-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",tourist class hotel,"The rooms are cramped, but what would you expect else in London? Worse is that the internet connection really sucks. It took me one to two hours every day to do a few simple things like checking my mail and surfing a handful of sites that I visit daily. It should have taken me only half an hour.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or245-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Sleep in the cellar, don't stay here….","I don't want to stay anymore time in this hôtel. We were in family room in the basement, it was dark room with one bathroom disgusting. The only ventilation is a celling fan, and with my the light you can see all the dust… The staff were RUDE. The quality of the breakfast was not good. There are no luggage service guarded. We should have seen the tripadvisor before to go in an other place….",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or245-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Rabbit-hutch bedrooms!,"The smallest double room we've stayed in - could only get in one side of the bed, hole in the floor, two people couldn't pass each other (one had to sit on the bed to let the other pass). Very unfriendly kitchen staff (mi-wadi passed off as orange juice for breakfast). Bedrooms partitioned with no sound-proofing. Could NOT recommend this hotel!!",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or250-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as expecting,"I was booked into this hotel through my work and did not have a choice about staying but checking the trip advisor reviews myself and my colleague was expecting bad things. It was not as bad as we were expecting and some of the points raised in the awful reviews were fair comment. The staff were not the best from a customer service perspective but not rude. The rooms are small and the particularly the shower/toilet room. The shower was the first shower I have had in my life where even after spending a while in there I was still able to come out with dry parts of my body, the water pressure was appalling. Breakfast was ok nothing spectacular but filled a hole.   If you thinking of staying  and only a short stay, then I say don't let the poor reviews put you off, it provides the…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or250-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Stay Here!!!!!,"Im not going to waste anymore time on this hotel, the staff were rude, the room was very small, breakfast was disgusting and no one could speak understandable english.  please do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or250-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",one night stay,"3 of us girls booked this hotel for a one night mid week stay because we were going to see Jersey Boys. the location was great a short walk from st pancras station & all main line tube. so connections were great and easy accessible. we were on the 3rd floor (no lifts) so challenging with suitcases. on a negative quite small rooms and the water flow was a trickle and not very hot for the shower, i complained and was told to run it for a while, ok this worked but the pressure was low. that said we wanted a cheapey one night stay for sleeping so this was not really too much of a problem. we booked brekfast, it was just okay nothing to write home about and have had better, in terms of more choice.cooked breakfast was served from a hot trolly bacon was eggs were sat in grease..i…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or250-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"I felt I needed to warn others about this shambles of a hotel, but really don't want to waste anymore of my time on it, staying there was was an experience I want to soon forget, owner was horrible and bitter, when hearing her attitude to other residents complaints I simply didn't want to waste my breath, and got out, one look at the horrendous breakfast buffet meant we left and ate elsewhere, the place has gone to the wall, its unloved dirty cold and I wouldn't let my pets stay there, please avoid this place. Go somewhere that the staff actually care about service and respect the establishment they own.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or250-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place to stay & over priced!!!!,"What can I say about this Hotel! Well doesn't look like anything in the pictures advertised! The room was the size of a show box, the bed was shoved up against the wall and a hole was dug out the floor to try and keep it level! The bathroom you couldn't open the door fully to get and couldn't shut it even if you wanted to! The smell in the room was of stale urine and just not clean at all.  The food was awful and cold and looked like it had been there a week! Not worth the money and would never stay there again!!!!! ",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or255-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel I have ever stayed in, terrible! PLEASE READ","I will start the review with the one and only good thing about this hotel, the location. Around a 2 minute walk away from kings cross station it was great for just jumping on the underground. When I arrived at the European hotel the hosts at the reception were less than friendly. Speaking English (not well) she pointed me in the direction of my room which I may add was 5 houses away and giving me the keys. When I finally found my room with help from the cleaner, I felt as though I had walked into my niece's doll house and felt like walking straight back out. The room was tiny there was a double bed and around a metre to walk at one side of the bed and at the bottom. There was nowhere for me and my partner to put our bags so we kept them at the bottom of the bed which then meant…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or255-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",near kings cross,"stayed here for 2 nights before going on eurostar to brussels the hotel was very close to kings cross/st pancras stations only 2/3 mins walk . The room  was very small only about 6ft x 8 ft with a small double bed tiny wardrobe and small dressing table with mirror , The en suite was very small as well and we had to devise a system of manoveres to move around to be able to get ready at the same time , however the room was very clean and nice white sheets and towels changed daily. the room had a small tv with freeview also tea/coffee making facilities .Staff where helpful and friendly. The breakfast wasnt great only cornflakes no other cereal cooked breakfast was basic bacon sausage eggs beans toast coffee and tea was luke warm and dining area was quite dismal being lots of small…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or255-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Nice for a short stay on cheap budget,"I stayed here for one night with a friend as we wanted to see London and go shopping, and for the £40 quid we paid each... I think it was pretty good. We were given a nice view of Argyle Square, breakfast included, a TV and was a short walk from the train station. However, the room itself was quite small and the breakfast wasn't quite as nice as other places, but again, it was a very cheap deal and was good enough for us. I would mention though, that it is perhaps not the best place to stay if you are coming on Megabus or are wanting to see the main attractions of London as you would need to take the tube in order to get there and back... but then again.. it is London! So, overall, the hotel was pretty satisfactory, but I wouldn't recommend a long stay, due to the small bedroom…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or255-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not very comfortable,"The room is very small. It got really hot (we stayed there in the summer), so we had to open the window because there is no air conditioning, but it was really noisy. The curtains were really thin, so it was also very bright (our room was in front of a street lamp). The bed was small and uncomfortable. The only advantage was the location of the hotel, very close to tube and train station.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or255-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",HELLO! Good budget hotel!,"Stayed here for five nights...PROS: excellent price for an hotel in the centre of London / literally seconds from the tube & minutes from 3 major rail stations / VERY CLEAN / all the staff were friendly & helpful / comfy bed / clean towels everyday / good breakfast eggs-fried or scrambled, toast,beans,back bacon, quality sausage, tomatoes, toast, cornflakes 4 types of jam & marmalade...go back as many times as you like / tea & coffee & telly in rooms/ shower/toilet/shaving mirror & light/soap in rooms/ no lock out/ lots of leaflets for things to do....CONS: Rooms small/ instant coffee for breakfast / terrible juice (squash?)/ Noisey occaisionally but if youve had a good day out youll be out for the count!!!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or260-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",an awfull stay,"The only interest of this hotel is the proximity of Saint Pancras Station!  The room is very small for a couple and a child, the bathroom is very small too. The bedspreads and the curtains are dirty, all in the room seems outdated.  The breakfast is served in a sort of canteen , the staff never speaks to us, nothing seems to be cleaned ( we see that very well when they clean or wipe something), the fruit juice ( if we can say so...), coffee are awfull and the ""english"" breakfast not so good.   It's not a place to recommend to anyone!",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or260-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable for the price and location,"From reading the reviews on Trip Advisor after I had booked this hotel I was very worried. Although not amazing, this hotel as not as bad as the reviews make out. It is budget so its just the very basic amenities with small rooms, but if its just a stop over then why do you need more. Even breakfast is included as well which is more than some more expensive hotels. Breakfast had tea, coffee, eggs, beans, toast, sausage, bacon and tomatoes. I think there was cornflakes too. As a vegetarian I was limited but I still enjoyed it. The furniture and fittings are dated but I wouldn't expect anything more for what I have paid. I found my bed comfortable, though the night was quite noisy. For cleanliness, my room was clean but could have used some descaler in the toilet.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or260-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there!!!!,"Small, stuffy and dingy. If a 'double' room means you can just fit a double bed into it, then, I suppose this qualifies. Dodgy electrical fittings: i.e. power points loosely hanging from sockets and wiring for the television running along the window sill on the outside of the building.   Ensuite the size of a small closet and hot water if you can let it run for about half an hour first. No air conditioning or ventilation except the window and narrow steep staircases - no lifts. no assistance with luggage from staff. I had booked two nights and was gone by 7.30 the following morning. They have refused to refund me the cost of the second night despite the fact I told them I felt unsafe in the room.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or260-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very rude staff,"Downright rude and unhelpful, it was like a poor service hostel, rooms were clean enough but the reception staff well, if id been alone would have been physical.  Mrs unable to walk far, just back from Paris, refused to call a cab for us, leaving out the expletives, wouldnt recommend this to anyone with any kind of disability, or poor heatlth, bad enough for the healthy.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or260-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I had a two night stay in the European Hotel whilst in London on a training course. I had a warm welcome was given my key and then told where my room was. No offer with my heavy case up some narrow stairs was given :( My single room was exactly that - a single room small but with everything needed. It took me a few minutes to work out where the toilet and shower were but it was nice to have them in separate areas. The walls are extremely thin and it sounded like people were moving furniture around above me all night. The shower area was aged - clean but with many areas needing repair or update. Breakfast was ok, although staff constantly hangin in the kitchen area chatting loudly in their own language, no interaction with the guests whatsoever. If you like Jeremy Kyle - choose a…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or265-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good central location,"Stayed here for one night the location is brilliant right by kings cross tube the rooms are small but this was not a problem as we didn't spend much time in there! Could of done with another mirror other than above the sink in the bathroom, rooms were clean and beds were comfy. The bathroom is tiny bit of a squeeze! The breakfast is nice. Overall it's not the ritz but you get what you pay for and i would go back again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or265-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect neighborhood,"It is really near the international train station. You have supermarket, Mac Donalds and pubs near. Rooms with space and light! The bathroom is the standard size, small but clean. The tube station is near too.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or265-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Below average,"Pros - Cheap budget hotel close to the Tube Station, British Museum, St Pancras, Kings Cross and Argylle Square. Breakfast was included and much better than expected.  Clean sheets and towels.  Cons - Small rooms, the bottom of the shower was lined with linoleum over the mouldy tiles, noisy doors banging all night, one very thin pillow each, there was a ceiling fan that could not be used as there were a few years worth of dust on it and it was obvious that those who had used it had sprayed dust around the top of the walls.  Could do with a good deep clean.  Hate to say this but due to seeing a couple of not so pleasant bugs had to be really careful with our suitcase and belongings when we came home, threw the case away and chucked all our items in the washing machine.  I would…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or265-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Stay overnight close to the st pancras,That is the only reason you would select to stay in such a hotel and that is what the staff also expects also I think. The toilet is so small that you barely stand and turn in it !! Room was very small that you luggage could barely fit into the room. Bed was comfortable but that's about it. Ground floor had smelly carpeted rooms and upstairs had hard flooring which was better.,Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or265-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,We stayed at the European Hotel for one night en route to France on Eurostar.The hotel is in the perfect position for St Pancras International and Kings Cross being just across the road from both stations. The room was small but clean as is the bedding and towels. Clean not small lol. Bed was very comfy.The bathroom is extremely small but we are not big people so was okay.We only slept in room as we were out all day.Tea and coffee fascilities in bedroom very good. The two ladies on reception are very nice and let us check in a lot earlier than we should have done as the room was ready. The buffet English breakfast next morning was very good.You could have as much as you wanted.The bacon was delicious. Downside is there are no lifts . No air conditioning,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or270-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"I stayed at the European hotel at May 2013. We were 5 friends looking for a budget stay but still central in London. We booked 5 beds family room at the European hotel and it was a very good choice.  The hotel is located perfectly at Argile Square which is very quite street and only few minutes walk to King's Cross tube Station.The hotel is in old building, however it is maintained well and the rooms are clean.  We really loved the staff which was very friendly and took care of our needs and requests and even when we had a problem with the shower in the bathroom it was fixed in reasonable time. The breakfast is very nice andI loved also the kitchen staff that was very helpful. Summary: recommended budget hotel in London!",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or270-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A fair hotel for a fair price,"Our room was small but we did not intend to use it apart from sleeping, so it was not a big deal. It was clean and looked new (furniture, bed sheets), apart for the shower tap which was outdated. Our major downside for this room was that the window drapes did not stop the light, and that the windows themselves do not filter noises from the outside, causing poor sleep quality. Apart from that, service is fine, granted that you ask if you want something :) Also, King's Cross station is 5 minutes away by foot, so you can travel pretty everywhere in London easily. Overall : You get what you pay for, and London is expensive :)",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or270-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Heads Up,Recently stayed at this Hotel and I classify it as one in a large group of hotels of this type you find in London whereby you pay a premium for a very -very low quality product simply because they can get it due to location and volume of visitors. The only redeeming feature about this hotel is the receptionist who is extremely helpful and welcoming but after that its down hill all the way. There is nothing more I can really say other than I could not get of the place quick enough as it was one of the most unhealthiest experience’s I have had in a long time and makes having a hangover feel good.,Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or270-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you paid for,"A nice small hotel at a fantastic location. Rooms not that big, but that does't matter if you are not spending any time at the hotel. Bathroom could have been cleaner but overall just a pretty good stay at a nice hotel.       ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or270-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,Very good location and service. The hotel was rather clean and the breakfast very good. The people are very friendly and helpful. The room was a little small and the park on the other side was realy noisy                     ,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or275-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Have a backup breakfast plan,"I'd heard and read so many horror stories about London B&Bs that I simply went in expecting the worse, but it was perfectly alright, after all, I was there to see London, not stay in my room all day. I stayed for 11 nights. The staff on the front desk were friendly and very helpful, and a couple of small maintanence issues with my room were fixed very quickly. I had a single room on the 2nd floor with a lovely view over the park. The room itself definately wasn't spacious but I wasn't expecting it to be. It had all I needed . The bathroom was cramped but functionable. It was noisy some nights, coming from the park, but nothing earplugs couldn't fix. The downside was trying to get my suitcase up 40+ stairs but I knew in advance there were no lifts. The bathroom was cleaned daily…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or275-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European hotel stay,"Simple, clean accommodation complete with a good breakfast and friendly staff. Very good value for money, will probably stay there again. Quiet position, but very close to Kings Cross station, so travelling around London was very easy.                     ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or275-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient but not comfortable,"A budget priced city hotel very convenient for KingsX & St Pancras. Staff helpful etc. Room small and shower/WC damp and smelly. Nowhere to put toothpaste etc. Smell of smoke outside room and slightly in the room. No hooks for coats- it was a rainy day. Breakfast:  the cooked bit surprisingly good for the price, but not real orange juice, weedy tea and coffeee and only cornflakes for cereal. A convenient budget hotel for an overnight stop.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or275-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"small but clean room, perfect location for a short trip to London, in walking distance ( 3 mins) to public transport (Underground, Kings Cross station), english breakfast was good, rooms can be noisy at some times. In a nutshell.. good value for money.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or275-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small but good,"We crossed at 2 nights in a hotel of London. The room was small, sinks because we were in under ground and the damaged furniture. For little which adds us remained it in been enough. The included breakfast took itself in a ward. It is nice because we are in the typical atmosphere. Besides there is of the choice...",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or280-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Dreadful, scruffy place.  Tiny room with cigarette burns on the meagre furniture.  Pathetic shower. Fire instructions found on a badly typed piece of paper upside down in the bottom of a drawer.    Budget is no excuse for such a dreadful place.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or280-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but,"I suppose we should have realised that for £75 in central London you should not expect too much, but when we arrived it looked nice from the outside, in a quiet square very close to St Pancras. The room was very small, cheap laminate floor, very old uncomfortable mattress, and even tinier shower cubicle, with just an uneven rather sharp hole in the floor for drainage. Two thin towels supplied. That said everything was clean, but the whole place was sparse and unwelcoming. Maybe I am expecting too much from a budget hotel, but it was'nt the cheapest available.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or280-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but you get what you pay for ....","Staff was friendly, rooms are super small, I would guess 7' x 9'.  But (see title).  Great location, I was able to get a train out of St Pancras right to GATWICK for 10ls.  A mere 5min walk.  Buses are abundant.  Take #73 to get to Victoria Station where most of the tours leave from.  I walked from Victoria Station to this hotel after every tour.  Took me a little over an hour .. but you see alot especially Oxford Circus area.  It was a little loud as there is a parkette across the street with a basketball court and lots of walking traffic.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or280-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",séjour à Londres,"The hotel was very clean(appropriate), the modest breakfast however no double glazing in the room, no curtain, no heating, and it's a pity because very small bathroom and nothing to put our personal belongings, very old showers.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or280-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Nice , clean & very central little hotel","Cheap & Cheerful budget hotel Stayed for 2 nights , just for a city break. Very nice room with 2 beds en suite , very clean - You don't need more than that !  Tv , free wi fi &  nice  breakfast.. Very central Just opposite kings cross train station ... but in a very quite & lovely street. Would definitely stay there again!!!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or285-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay for budget hotel!,"We stayed here 24th-26th April 2013. After reading some reviews we were a little worried. When we got there the two ladies in reception were more than welcoming. We checked in and paid a reasonable amount for a hotel in London. Our bedroom was good(yes a little small but manageable) we were using a wheelchair and they were more than happy to keep it in one of their rooms so it didn't take up more space in the room. The cleanliness of the room was good, few little spots of what looked like burn marks in the furniture but the bedding was clean(outdated but after long travelling was welcomed) bathroom even cleaner which was amazing, we had a downstairs room (58) and lovely view of argyle square gardens, breakfast was amazing couldn't complain at that, staff more than helpful, good…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or285-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Reasonably priced, fairly good stay","I stayed here with my partner and two children. We booked a family room with a cot. The room consisted of a double and single bed but there was no cot. The receptionist said if we need a cot then we can remove furniture to fit one in so my partner had to remove a chest of drawers and a chair for the cot to be squeezed in. Staff very helpful, food average, no high chairs available for children. We have stayed here before and would return, prime location, recommended.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or285-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",4 nights in London,"Only 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station. I was able to leave my case in my room at 0930 even though room was not ready. All staff were pleasant. I stayed for 4 nights in a basement room which was fairly quiet. Help yourself breakfast from 0700-0930 which was well cooked. After reading some negative reviews about this hotel, I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel, staff and cleanliness. Over the years I have stayed in worse places in London and paid a lot more for the privilege. I would recommend this hotel for anyone travelling on a budget.  It must be noted that there is no lift. The hotel is converted from 5 city houses connected with corridors, with 4/5 floors above street level.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or285-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A cheap hotel in more than one sense of the word,"A small room with a window that wouldn't close, people talking aloud in front of the hotel day and night, rude staff that didn't bother to clean the sheets every morning. I might add a few etceteras. Although I must say, the breakfast was fully English, be it with lemonade in stead of orange juice. Don't go there. ",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or285-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Nice tiny hotel with good location,"For staying a couple of nights, European Hotel served what we expected. The room was small, but included all the necessary. WiFi was available, as well as a TV with plenty of channels. Service is good.              ",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or290-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and brilliant location,"We stay for 4 night double room. The rooms are very small include bed, little closet and electric kettle. The hotel is very clean and the room is looked as renewed. The location of hotel is brilliant. Three underground lines and buses from London center comes to King Cross station.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or290-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",ALL SHOW AND NO SUBSTANCE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"This hotel is near located to Kings Cross - a good and central location. The price is normal for London. The entrance looks friendly. BUT: The small rooms are dusty, not clean. The heating is switched off in the night. The bathroom with the shower is horrible !!! Everywhere - the wall and particularly the shower head are mildew infested!!! This is really unhealthy!!! English breakfast is o.k., but you have to wait sometimes for toast, eggs, tea or coffee. Because of the bathroom we can never recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or290-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great value in a brilliant location,We stayed at the European after being totally let down by a neighbouring hotel (see my other review). We got to the hotel at 11.20pm after a long train journey South from Cumbria - we were made immediately welcome and were given a room. This room was a bit small for us and our luggage so they immediately re-allocated us to a larger room (more expensive but they gave it us at the smaller room price). Hotel was fairly quiet and had a good self service breakfast. Staff are friendly and understanding and were on hand 24/7. The European is a great base to explore London and is close to all travel links. Thanks for saving us from a disaster.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or290-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value and great location for this low cost hotel,"The rooms are as everyone says very small - dont bring the cat!!!!  But they are clean and perfectly adequate, thing is you only sleep in there you want to be out exploring London.  The breakfast is great and the staff are very helpful, there is a luggage room and they are perfectly happy for you to leave your stuff there while you either wait for your room or after you check out.  The Kings Cross station is about two mins walk away and the hotel faces a lovely open space/garden area.  I cannot fault this place and will be going back again in May when I do Wicked at the Apollo theatre.  Overall the decor is a little tired and would benefit from redecoration, but again this  doesnt matter if you are only using the room as a base like we were.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or290-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate Hotel,"GOOD LOCATION   BEDROOMS:  The rooms are tiny and can only just fit a double bed in, so no good if you need a king size bed.  There was not enough room for a bedside cabinet at each side if the bed and not enough room for 2 people to pass each other at the end of the bed, so one had to stand back while the other walked round the bed to get to the other side. One very small wardrobe with bent wire hangers (not what you expect in this day and age, one bedside cabinet a dressing table and chair (near the window which was the only floor space in the room) and small set of drawers on top of which is a small TV which you can not see once you lay down due to its size and where it is placed. You only get one pillow each so ask on arrival for extra.  Mattress was lumpy. The rooms are…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or295-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",x,"bad thing were thin walls of the room good location, good breakfast, excellent price/value rate friendly staff the rooms are small so I would not recommend large people to book - I mean it literally the downside however their policy not to accept pets       ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or295-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"I had a last-minute requirement to be in London for a couple of nights but didn't want to spend mega-bucks on accommodation. I found the European Hotel on Laterooms.com and booked in - £60 a night with breakfast.   I booked a single room so, predictably, the room was quite small.  It was more than adequate for my requirements. More importantly, the room was clean and warm.  Free wi-fi was a great bonus.   I didn't try breakfast as I had to be out early and prefer to get more sleep rather than eat! If it is as bad as some are saying on here, which it probably isn't, there's loads of places to grab breakfast nearby on the main Pentonville Road.   My room was at the back of the hotel so I had no problem with any noise from the street outside. I did hear some moving about and noise…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or295-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small but clean,"This hotel was more or less what I expected: really small room (bathroom was not suitable for claustrophobic people), but clean.   Bad things: Noisy, you could hear people walking on the upper floor; breakfast was not very good (really bad sausages, eggs, canned beans, something which was supposed to be bacon, instant coffee and """"juice""""). Good things: Quiet street but really close to King's Cross/St Pancras and the underground; wifi for free, full of pubs within 5 minutes walk for lunch/dinner.  In summary, I think it is worth the money if you don't have high expectations.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or295-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and good service,"My stay in European Hotel was very pleasant. The hotel is very clean and everyone was pleasant and helpful. The location is good, near King's Cross and all the nice places in the Bloomsbury neighbourhood. One disadvantage: because I was staying in a single room, I was at the front of the hotel, so street noises, especially people talking (the smokers just outside the hotel's entrance!) woke me up several times at night.       ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or295-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European Budget hotel,Stayed here at the weekend.  Room was spotless - breakfast was good.  only paid £40.00 per night per person for 3 of us.  Cannot understand the reviews that says it was rubbish.  It is a budget hotel.  Bathroom was spotless as were the beds and the wardobe.  Staff were very friendly and chatty.  Only one moan - people smoking outside had nowhere to put their cigarrette ends and were just putting them on the floor which made the entrance look untidy.  On the whole a very good budget hotel and in a prime location in kings cross.  thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would defiantely go back there.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or300-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Disgraceful hotel, should be closed down","On arrival we were given a tiny room (4) unable to take our suit cases in.. We then complained and where givien a another room (61) which was bigger and seemed better until we open the shower room door there was a horrific smell, we were unable to use the bathroom.. We informed the manager who agreed that it did smell, We were then moved to another room after the staff were ill manner, this room was okay but the shower had mould all over the floor making it unbearable to shower, in the morning we were awoken by the owner banging the door down, shouting about a leak.. We were unaware of the situation however got blamed for it.. he was very rude and swore several times which he later denied, it was very unprofessional and the worst customer service I have ever experienced.. The…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or300-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting smell,Worst hotel I have ever stopped in. I can't believe I subjected my children to this on their first visit to London. £300 for 2 nights in a family room in the basement that stank of sewage (room 62).Breakfast very poor. Tea and coffee stone cold out of flasks. Staff very unfriendly and English not good..AWFUL place. Never again.,Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or300-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Week-end in London,"Perfect location near the King Cross station, underground at 2 mins. But... no pressure in the shower... If you want to have one, you need 10 mins to be correctly wet. Good english breakfast. Realy quiet.       ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or300-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Security poor,"This hotel is not secure to stay in I left my room and went out of the hotel to arrive back a few hours later to find my door open, which I know was checked twice that it was closed tight. I immediatley reported it and security just wanted to argue about it, after checking that nothing was missing I asked to speak to the manager but was not available the security went away but came back asking if I would like the police to be called, clearly thought about how they had handled it but still not clear has to why my door had been opened.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or300-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic 'budget' hotel. Exceeded our expectations by miles. We'll definitely stay again.,"I booked one night in this hotel as a treat for my Mum's birthday. I was on a tight budget and wanted somewhere near King's Cross station. After reading some of the negative reviews but I need not have worried. The receptionist was so friendly and welcoming when we arrived at 11am on Saturday asking if we could leave our bags. Initially she said our room wasn't ready then she must have allocated us a different room and gave us the key. This meant that we could unpack and freshen up before heading out. It also gave us peace of mind knowing that we didn't have to worry about checking in later. The room (63) was an L shaped twin , with one single in each part of the L. I have been in twin rooms before where the beds were so close together we may have been in a double bed! The room…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or305-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Easy,Very pleasant stay. Clean and tidy. Several breakfast options. Nice staff. Just in front of King's Cross & St. Pancras Station+ many buses around and several tube lines to go everywhere in London. p.s. Wi-fi in my room ... sooo useful  :) !!  I enjoyed my stay.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or305-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great for central London,"Stayed for one night, room 6 on the 1st floor. Friendly greeting when we checked in, hotel situated on what seems to be a quiet square, very quiet area considering the hotel is 2 mins walk from Kings Cross St Pancras. Room was very small, en suite was tiny and hearing was on 24/7 but, the room was perfect for us as a place to sleep for the one night. Breakfast was OK but nothing special. The only criticism was I could feel people walking up the stairs when I was in bed as the staircase was on the other side of the wall with the headboard on - thankfully there werent people walking up and down stairs all night. Overall, for the money, this is a great little base for a night or 2 visiting London, anymore than that then I would choose someplace else.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or305-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Great for NYE,"Stayed here between 31st and 2nd of January for £150 per room. We booked two double rooms.   The rooms are cosy, but have a double bed, cabinets, wardrobe, tea and coffee facilities and en suites. The rooms were clean and well furnished.  The decor is well worn, but it's not offensive or dirty, just needs freshening up.   We stayed over new year and could not believe the price, absolute bargain and it included a full English for breakfast!   Very close to the underground station, kings cross and st pancras train terminals. There is a McDonalds and cash machine very close by.  This hotel is perfect if you are looking for a base to wash and sleep while exploring London. The staff are helpful and friendly.  This hotel is a BUDGET hotel, if you arrive with that in mind you will have…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or305-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Close to Kings Cross and St. Pancras train stations,"If you are looking for an inexpensive, budget hotel in London the European Hotel is a good option. It is definitley not fancy but the room was clean and failry quiet. The breakfast, included, was okay. Again nothing fancy but certaily acceptable. The staff was friendly and helpful when asked. Considering the price of the rooms in London I felt this was a good deal if you looking for an inexpensive place to stay close to King's Cross.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or305-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",MY small box shaped single en suite room ...,My room was tiny i had to move  the wardrobe in order to freely get into the shower room... toilet was so tiny didnt even have a toilet roll holder sink wasnt big either barely big enough to wash my glasses.  My room i had to climb up 35 narrow steps... Only one channel working on television upon arrival... so wasnt checked before my arrival.. Only one bath towel so needed to ask for more along with a hair dryer which i did get after asking for it. Non friendly breakfast staff that didnt say good morning... same choice every day so it was take or leave it... watered down fresh orange juice YUCK>.. had ice but was getting too watery... Only one friendly member of staff the Italian lady on reception otherwise its not been one of my fondest stay in LOndon.. also there were often…,Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or310-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",good little b&b,"my wife and i stayed here with our 1 yr old son on the 11th dec 12. we've stayed twice before and have always found the staff to be lovely . having a baby with us they always make sure we're ground floor rm 25. a little bit shabby but has all you need for your stay, shower,tea/coffee. the breakfast is a good one with full english with tea/coffee and toast. for 75 pounds per night you really can't find a complaint and if you do you really are being very very petty. as i say i've stayed 3 times now and intend making this my regular b&b for london visits as it low cost and good location with all you need.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or310-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny rooms/good location,Went to London with my friend and her 23 year old daughter and stayed at this budget hotel. First thing that comes to mind when reviewing this hotel is small rooms and really small bathroom. We stayed in a triple which was three twin beds. Two side by side and one along the foot of the others with a nightstand separating them. The room had a small closet and older style tv. The bathroom was also tiny. The shower is about 2ftx2ft so don't drop the soap! I have nothing to compare this room to as I haven't stayed anywhere else in London but I've heard that rooms tend to be on the small side there. On the plus side the hotel is reasonably priced and the room was clean except for the bad smell that came out of the sink drain. The front desk said it was because our room was directly…,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or310-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if cleanliness is a concern,"I stayed here for one night and have never been so shocked at the conditions of a place. I fully appreciate 'budget' but where cleanliness is concerned this was shocking.   Further more, on entering I was greeting by a lovely couple from brazil who looked highly upset and asked if I'd seen my room yet as theirs was awful. Made me instantly worried to hat I'd find which turned out to be this.   List:  - wallpaper covered in dubious stains and marks. Peeling. Discoloured - bedside cabinet covered in dirt - shower head mouldy and not been cleaned (ever?) - doors, damaged with disconcerting holes - toilet covered in dirt - sink, dirty - sticky carpet with additional chewing gum  - wardrobe, inaccessible due to size and positioning of inbuilt makeshift bathroom and random places…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or310-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",comfortable stay,The hotel is correct in all services and I'll recomend it specially because of its cleanliness and the exellent location. I felt very comfortable there and I'll probably repeat hotel in the future.,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or310-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",good location for budget hotel,"Excellent locationn - across the road from Kings Cross and located on quiet square. I was on third floor and relatively quiet, although you do have to walk up the stairs as no lift. Single room was about the size of a small student dorm room, but was en-suite.  Walls could use a paint job, but it was clean and very affordable at 60 pounds. Breakfast was ok - baked beans, eggs, toast, etc - would be nice for them to include some fruit. If price was my main concern - I would stay again as it is acceptable for a short-term stay.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or315-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & Cheerful,"My father had been invited to meet Prince Andrew at Buckingham Palace, along with 18 other Kohima veterans, last Thursday morning,so we needed an overnight stay near King,s X. I found this hotel, about 100yards from the station, so decided to book it. On arrival, Lucy behind the desk was very helpful.I, requested a ground floor room, & we were given one. She explained the breakfast room was downstairs with no lift. This was a problem for me as my father is in a wheelchair. Lucy told me not to worry. she said I could go & get my dad,s breakfast on a tray & he could eat in our room.I asked if she could order us a taxi to B.P. & also a return taxi to King,s X. No bother at all. Our room was small, but had all we needed. Clean sheets & towels. Decor was ""tired"". Lovely view over the…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or315-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel is very simple, but it is ok to stay for a few days only. The shower is very small and the decoration is not very beautiful, but the location is good, considering that Kings Cross and St. Pancras are in a walking distance. If you are travelling by train or underground, it is a good option... if you are not looking for a sophisticated hotel.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or315-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Positive moments for this hotel: location cleanness Shower, toilet and teapot in the room free WiFi good quality Negative moments for this hotel: small room scant breakfast noise at night unfriendly staf price",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or315-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A very handy budget hotel for Kings cross,"We stayed for 3 nights as we were on a long weekends sightseeing break, great location for the train if arriving from the north east, only 100 yds. from Kings cross station.  If you have heavy luggage ask for a ground floor room  as there is no lift, we were on the second floor and an oxygen mask would have been welcome after the climb !.  The room was small, warm & clean with Freeview TV,and we slept very well during our stay. I compared hundreds of hotels before I booked and the only other ones in London that were of a comparable price and standard were the 'Easy' hotels but alas no breakfast, no television, no windows & no space and they were all a lot further away than the European hotel.  Breakfast was OK, served in a cold basement with not a great deal of finesse, the…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or315-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Non refund of my free cancellation fee for one night-despite 2 weeks before arrival cancellation,"I am AWODOYIN EBENEZER from Nigeria, I booked for reservation in August through Booking.com(22-28 August 2012)in your hotel. This reservation was cancelled at about 2weeks before my arrival(I later opted for Europa hotel at crawley were I lodged with my family within the same period(22-28 August). Till this moment the free cancellation fee for 1night has not been refunded. I intend taking European hotel up on this via the British embassy in Nigeria if my money is not refunded within the next three(3)days that is end of this week.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or320-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic B&B,"This B&B was tiny the rooms so small,Lucky i am a little person as the room was like student accomodation.Clean and basic ok for one night if your not fussy,close to kings cross station.Breakfast basic.Not good hotel for hoilday trip to london.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or320-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"We stayed here for one night on a recent trip to London.  We cannot fault the hotel at all. It is in a great location very close to Kings Cross Station and also if you are going on the Eurostar a five minute walk away from St Pancras.  We found the staff to be very friendly, the room was small but clean, and plenty of storage space if you were staying here for a few days or a week. Bathroom was small but adequate, we had hot water for a shower. Breakfast was very nice with cereal, bacon, sausage, tomatoes, beans, toast, egg - fried, scrambled, tea, coffee, orange juice. Also on the morning we were checking out, we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel whilst we did our sight - seeing.  All this for a good price. Excellent value for money.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or320-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay on our way through london,We stayed here as we had an early morning Eurostar train. We stayed right on the top floor and the room was basic but clean. We has a small en suite bathroom which was about 1m x 2.5m.   The hotel is good value for an overnight stay but I wouldn't stay there if I was having a holiday or on a business trip in London.,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or320-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay to catch trains,"Pleasant hotel for our overnight stay prior to catching Eurostar and train to Edinburgh.  Ask for a ground floor room if you have heavy luggage.   Rooms are small and basic, bed a bit hard but breakfast is good and staff helpful and friendly.  An okay overnight stay",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or320-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",I won't be be going back,"First the positives - this hotel is in a good location - very close to King's Cross and St Pancras Station, the bedroom was clean and slightly larger than similar hotels I've stayed in in the area and the bed was OK.  But the negatives - smell from shower closet, no lampshade on central light, exposed pipes in tiny shower/toilet closet and no toiletries, no bedside lamp, creamer not milk for tea, noise from room above (well it is an old building), thin curtains on window - and breakfast - diluting orange juice!  This is the 3rd hotel I've stayed in in this area and it is definitely the worst.  I won't be going back.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or325-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Economical Stay,"While rooms are very small, this allows travelers an economical way to stay in London within easy reach of rail/tube stations.  An included breakfast provided an opportunity to start out early each day.  ",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or325-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable Budget Hotel......,You pay for what you get.....very basic rooms but clean. Great location with access to transportation. Surprisngly there are some really nice restaurants around the corner and all worth a visit....  For the money....would stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or325-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money and excellent location,"Spent three nights in European Hotel.  Very good location. Walking distance to Kings Cross station, still located in a very quiet location. Staff helpful. Rooms very small. Comfy bed. Clean bed linen. No telephone in room. Work desk and TV.  Wardrobe small. Shower and WC separate and clean. Rooms cleaned daily.  WiFi in room and free. Tea and coffee facilities with good supply. Replenished daily.Had some problem with kettle in my room. Nothing major.Breakfast good. Hair dryer on request and free. Room would not accommodate big luggage. Since there is no lift you may also have to carry it all the way up stairs.   No parking facilities. No restaurent in hotel. Plenty of take away places in the vicinity. BK, McDonalds, Subway and Indian in walking distance.  Overall good hotel to…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or325-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",crap,"Service, does'nt exsist, felt as though we were in the way at breakfast which was COLD on both mornings. Rooms, not enough room to swing a cat especially shower (of which pipe was loose). Location good, only 3 min walk from KingsX. Thats the + about this so called hotel.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or325-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,Stayed here for five day apart from when they misplaced my booking on arrival everything else was brill. The room was vert clean and cleaned daily breackfast was replenished fast (although closed to early for me and I was not told the closing time). Staff were very friendly and always willing to help and very close to kings cros. Would recommend people. ,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or330-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European hotel could be  better,Stayed at this hotel for the second time and have to say the cleanliness and general room standards were poor. in room 40 wallpaper was hanging off and looked very dated.as for my room much of the same lamps that did not work the lid was missing off the cistern and a fan covered in dust.the plug socket was not. Very secure.as before. Breakfast was ok and location  near kings cross was ace wont stay here again you can have dated  but unclean is not acceptable,Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or330-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Although the room was not as we expected it to be, the hotel is clean but rather small. The housekeeper did a good job cleaning our rooms every single day. Not the kind of hotel you expect it was more of motel. It could be very noisy at night and breakfast was horrible because they serve the same food every single day and was not really tasty. However location was near the King Cross Station which you could go almost anywhere in London. Halal food are also available near the hotel which is easy for Muslim people.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or330-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",breakfast,"Very poor choice for breakfast. Very fat eggs, very fat meat. Why not a boiled egg? Why not cheese, honey of normal jam (there was only orange marmolade), why not yoghurt? We at only bread with suger. The bottles with sauce on the table looked very dirty. And ik think jam has the be served in one-person-packing, thats more hygienic.  In bathroom there were very dirty ""glue edges""",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or330-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Hovel, not Hotel.","Don't believe what you see on the website - it is totally misrepresented.    The good aspects: location (3 mins from Kings Cross Station, 13 minutes from Euston), the bedding and towels were clean.  Decent folk on the front desk.  The breakfast was plentiful, if not especially well made.  That's it. The issues: legion. (1)  Rooms are claustrophobically small and those at the back and lower levels of the building have little natural light.  My husband had to leave the room because he felt sick, and he is not usually claustrophobic. (2)  Smoky non-smoking rooms.  We were moved to another room and traded smoky and mouldy for just mouldy.  There were actual mouldy stains on the walls and ceiling and the tiny bathroom was a mould motel.  Ugh.  (3)  Beds fit for tiny people, both in…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or330-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty horrible,"This is the worst budget accommodation I've stayed in and I've stayed in a few all around the world. I would have been better off staying in a backpackers, at least you'd have a better chance of the bathrooms being clean and the toilets being clean. As already said the only good point is the close proximity to kings cross station but the public transport system in London is good enough for that to not be a major advantage. Unless you are desperate, I wouldn't bother.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or335-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Tolerable,"Good - inexpensive (thanks to bookings.com); excellent location  Average - cleanliness of room, comfortable bed  Poor - the receptionist was involved in an argument with a guest as I checked in and hardly took any notice of me; the room was tiny; the bed was no way a double bed",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or335-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic hotel,"Very basic hotel even for the UK. Location and service at the hotel were ok, but the rooms were just very low standard. ",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or335-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Almost worth the money,"Before I stayed at the hotel I looked around in the area for a suitable hotel for one night. The location is ideal if you want to get to King's Cross/St Pancras or Euston.The reception staff were friendly and accommodating. These are the good points. The room was incredibly tiny and not very clean. Lots of hair left in various areas of the toilet and shower area. Paint was coming off the walls and it lacked any sense of freshness. The full breakfast was served from 7 am which is an advantage if you an early train to catch but the staff serving were unfriendly and the screaming from the kitchen that went on the whole time I was there, was quite unpleasant.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or335-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European Hotel,"I stayed at the European hotel for 5 days while in London. They front desk was very helpful to me as my luggage was delayed for a couple of days. They allowed me to use their phone to call the airport to find out what was happening and what time I could expect the luggage to be delivered.  The breakfast was fine for me. They had eggs, bacon toast, jams, milk, coffee, and juice. I was satisfied with the food each morning. It is a little noisy from others as when the windows open and you are in an inner room the noise travel upward but I did not have any trouble sleeping. It is also ver convenient for transportation as it is just 1 1/2 blocks from Kings Cross/St Pancras stations.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or335-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great budget hotel, in a great location!","Firstly I don't understand why people have given this hotel bad reviews! This hotel is so close to kings cross so was so easy to get about. Its extreamly easy to find, staff were all very friendly. It was basic, but clean, had everythin you needed, there were even maids who came and cleaned the room, made the bed, and changed the towels everyday. Yes the rooms are small, but I've paid more than double the price, in other hotels in london and got an even smaller room. The bottom line is this hotel is great value for money!",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or340-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",For one night not bad,"Stayed in the hotel as it was close to the triangle of KX, St P and Euston. Arrived late at night from Euston. Check in pleasant and quick. I was looking for somewhere cheap to stay and this was picked up through late rooms. Room was small with a single bed, shower in a cupboard and toilet in another.  I can't complain about anything in particular as price was good for central London and I wouldn't not stay there again if require to be in that location.  Would suggest not luxurious but functional and on an every so often basis on a budget not bad.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or340-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",traveller friendly,"Before I booked in to this hotel I read a lot of mean reviews on the European , if you’re looking for a beautiful glamorous stay in London this hotel isn’t for you, I needed a place to stay for the night and thought this hotel did a good job. I was looking for a comfy bed, clean room, breakfast, working on sweet loo and to be large anothe for my partner and me.  There was friendly service it was a good place for a traveller to take a brake   and did every think I wanted. If I was to be critical the shower needed to have warmer water for slightly longer time this would have been helpful.  Over all its good for a few nights stay, I be leave  that the other not so kind reviews are at fault since this is a budget hotel and if you want some think amazing you should be looking at…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or340-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Bother,"We booked one night at the European. The only good thing I can say is that it is close to St Pancras Station. We were given a room in the basement. There was an unpleasant odor in the staircase on the way to the room. We though we could tolerate a one night stay but soon realized that would not be the case. I was uncomfortable to the point that I wouldn't even sit on the bed. The shower curtain was very wet and I had to wonder whether someone had just used it. After sitting in a chair for about a half hour we realized the room just felt damp. At that point we decided to vacate the premises. We told the unpleasant woman at the desk that we could not stay in those conditions and she informed us there would be no refund, even though we weren't there for even 45 minutes. The loss of…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or340-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",excellent economy stay,Very good value.  Extremely quiet and convenient location close to tube station.  Very friendly front office saff.  Thank you  Ian,Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or340-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Backpacking experience at the price of a decent hotel,"A big advantage of the European Hotel is that is is located close to Kings Cross and St Pancras train stations. It's on a fairly quite street so there is not too much noise coming from the street. We booked the hotel because it offers a family room - For this we paid 150 pounds for one night,  and given the quality of the hotel this is very poor value for money.  Reception of the hotel is a booth, resembling a cheap hostel. The hotel is formed by a number of terrace houses joined together. We stayed in a basement room in one of the houses. There was a pretty bad smell in the stairwell. Our room was fairly clean but smelled of smoke. The bathroom was dirty and poorly maintained.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or345-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",WHAT A CRAP HOTEL,"family room crap large king single is the supposed parents bed small crappy room no table lights no proper security on windows door lock is with a key flimsy door bathroom mouldy decreped filthy broken shower broken sink plug noisy toilet breakfst was alright nothing special our hotel in Dubai was cheaper and a lot better, DON'T RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or345-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"Staff were very rude,got thrown dirty looks by a member of staff who was too busy hoovering the stairs to stop for a minute to let us up.The woman on reception was extremely rude and very unhelpful and when we were leaving didn't say goodbye or ask us how our stay was.When i asked her the location of a certain place she simply shrugged her shoulders and told me to go across to King's cross station and ask at the information desk there even tho there was a computer behind her where she could have looked it up for us.The room itself was cramped,stains on the ceiling,inadequate facilities,no milk supplied for tea or coffee.The bathroom was more like a cupboard and upon arrival there was a horrible stench in the bathroom.Walls were paper thin,could hear people moving around and…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or345-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",never again!,"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. This is definately more like a hostel than a hotel. Although the price is reasonable, unfortunately it is not value/quality for what you actually get.The room we stayed in was very dated, with wallpaper pealing of the walls, with damp patches, the dust on the light bulbs was appauling and is a simple thing to clean, the bathrooms are extreamly small, also not in the best condition or cleanliness. The wardrobe door handle had obviously been broken for some time by the amount of dust it had gathered in the actual wardrobe, Beds seemed small even for a single, not the comfyest. Unsure if the room had been thouroughly cleaned before hand as their was obvious coffee stains from previous guest all over the side, bathroom tiles extreamly slippy with…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or345-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",wouldn't stay there again,beds very uncomfortable. Breakfast not great. Location good. Overall not to be recommended.,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or345-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly  ok hotel in Kings Cross- nothing special,I've stayed in a number  of hotels/B&B's in  Kings Cross and this one is perfectly ok.   Plus points -  clean room with good shower.  Everything worked . MInus Points - Bed was small even for a single and wasn't especially comfy.  it was probably about £5 -7 a night verpriced which isn't much and I would stay again but only if other  hotels in the area were  full.,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or350-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel.,Hotel is very near to St Pancras railway station and the underground. The hotel itself is in poor condition. Our room had a damp patch on the wall. The bathroom was very small 3feet x 6feet.,Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or350-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid this TOURIST TRAP, terrible","I did not expect luxury for what I thought was a fair price for this location, but this is too expensive for such a terrible place. This ""hotel"" is a nightmare. After arriving and paying, I was told where my room was: in the basement! The room had very worn out furniture, partly broken, diry. The toilet was dirty, too cheap and smell bad. There was a window but behind it was a sort of 2 m2 patio where neighbours also had windows and it was also used as corridor by personel who I had every minute in front of my bed. People smoke outside my window, practically inside my room. I thought that was all and that I would just stay, work and leave. No. At 1am in the night a bunch of guys met at the neighbour room. They had a party and although the concierge told them to be quite, it took…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or350-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but OK,"After 4 very hard working days in London, my partner flew over to meet me and we booked this hotel to stay in when we relatively knew the area. I checked in to two friendly reception clerks who quickly gave me the room key. The room was nothing to shout about (At the back of the hotel, quiet, with a television, tea/coffee making facilities and a very small bathroom) but we were only staying there for 3 days and the location was great, within a stone throw away to the tube. The breakfast was abundant, nothing special but we enjoyed it nonetheless and although the restaurant was simple, we didn't care as long as the food was good. We didn't pay much for it but we got what we wanted.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or350-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay for a couple days,"That is so near to King's Cross Station ans St Pancras. Good base for exploring London - tube station is close or just to walk to the London's best locations. Breakfast is pretty good. The room was rather small, but it's OK for a short staying.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or350-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT EVEN GO THERE!!!!!!!!!!!,Went down to London with friends and stayed over night in this god forsaken place. This is not a Hotel more like an Hovel. I dont care how good the location is it spoils your stay (it did ours) knowing you are staying in such an Hovel. We walked up from Kings Cross which took minutes. On arriving at the Hovel we where greeted by the street being full of police and the park or square opposite our Hovel was cordened  off by forensic (did not find out what had happened but wish it had stayed cordened off as by the time the police left the square filled up with a lot of un savoury looking people drinking shouting messing about it was very intimidating this lated till very late evening and there where a lot of people in there from about 7 am the next morning) The reception area very…,Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or355-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European hotel,"The basic hotel room was £70.00 per night. The first room we stayed in can only be described as miserable: the bed legs had worn a hole in the cheap imitation wooden floor, so it was impossible to move the bed close to the wall. The breakfast was like prison food, the juice served was orange squash/cordial and the toast rationed. Would not recommend staying here.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or355-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",This COULD be a great hotel..,"I needed a cheap and cheerful hotel in london as a family member was admitted to a hospital nearby. This was the best for my price range ( 4 nights, £200-£300 ).  I booked a single, which is what I got. Clean, telly worked, tea and coffee facilities. Small room, with a separate shower, toilet and sink. Overlooked a nice park, quiet, very good location ( Kings Cross within spitting distance, Gt Ormond St and National Hopsital for Neurology 5 mins walk, Covent Garden 30 min walk, 10 mins tube, £8 in a cab ) The breakfast was ok, however the dining area in a word, depressing, like sitting and eating in a 1970s cafe. The food was ok.. if i were running that kitchen, I would not put out those sausages and I would use the money I saved to serve orange juice, rather than orange…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or355-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value but don't fall out of the bed,Close to Kings Cross and the Eurostar at St Pancras - 73 bus goes straight to Victoria. Good full English breakfast and excellent shower. Friendly welcome and efficient reception. But all very small for average size people.,Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or355-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",european  hotel,Fantastic if your into rooms like prison cells with no hot water. Luckily the mattress blocking the corridoor wasnt a 'room' however it was a fire risk.,Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or355-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Good value for money, no luxury included!","We stayed here for one night, we paid around £60 for a 'double' room including breakfast.  From the outside it looks like a nice hotel, only a couple of minutes walk from Kings Cross - great location!  As soon as you step through to the reception you realise this is super budget.  The reception area smells of smoke and is cheap through and through.  However, the receptionist was friendly and helpful.  We had a room at the end of a corridor on the ground floor - good for lack of noise from other customers.  Appalling due to very loud and continual noise from what I suspect is the boiler which neighbours the room.  (Room 73)  This is bad luck, and I'm sure other rooms would have been fine noise-wise.  The room was extremely tiny.  The double bed was the smallest bed I've ever seen…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or360-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD HOTEL,"whist this hotel is not great or luxury, IT DOES NOT PRETEND TO BE. really dont know how people criticise this hotel, yes rooms small and need some decorating when paying £55 near kings cross nad breakfast included this hotel does what you need. we stay 1 night slept well, breakfast did us for most of day and 2 mins walk to train station yet not a noisy hotel. would recommend to anyone that is not snobby",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or360-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but lots of plus's,While the accomodation is basic and our room being small the location of the hotel was great and perfect for geting around.the breakfast was good and the staff attentive very good for the price,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or360-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",DREADFUL EXREPRIENCE-WORSE THAN HOSTEL!,"I know it's in London, where all hotel prices are sky high, and in a good location (unfortunately) but that does not give them the right to have unsanitary, dirty and smelly of sewage rooms! It was the worst room I have ever stayed in my life! Also, the service was terrible and the staff very rude and unprofessional.  DO NEVER STAY THERE UNLESS IT'S THE LAST ROOM AVAILABLE IN LONDON!!",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or360-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,Located near king's cross station which is just a few minutes away by foot.  Hotel room is a bit cramped but had all the basic amenities with cofee making facilities as well. The hotel provides breakfast as well which is tasty by the way.  We booked a room with bathroom attached but they didn't provide any floor mat. Its slippery after bath. The friendly staff provided me with a towel as substitute.  ,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or360-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good and bad!,"First the advantages: The hotel is in a wonderful location, on a garden square, about two minutes walk from Kings Cross Station (once you have located the exit on the south side of Euston Road).  The outside of the hotel looks quite plush and even the inside is well-carpeted once you get beyond the reception area. I had asked for a quiet room and the receptionist must have looked at my request, taken in our age (my husband and I are in our 60s), and said ""I had better give you a room on the first floor - room 55""   Room 55 was at the back and was very quiet.  It was also warm, a plus in December/January.  The surfaces were clean - sheets, towels, etc. There were more than enough coat hangers. There was a plentiful supply of hot water.  Now for the downside: I have stayed in…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or365-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, great location",Actually not the worst hotel you wil find in this are of Lonodn in this price bracket. Very basic accommodation but with a decent breakfast. Very friendly and efficient staff.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or365-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty grim,"We stayed here for one night - picked it because it was relatively cheap and very close to St Pancras - ideal for Eurostar. It's pretty grim and not particularly clean. Several quite grand old buildings knocked together and converted into loads of little bedrooms with cheap partition walls. The double bed seemed tiny and the room temperature seemed very high - resulting in a pretty uncomfortable night. Orange squash for breakfast was nasty. Location was fantastic - there are lots of small hotels in the Square and on the roads around it, not sure if any of them are any better - this may just be the general standard for the area and the price.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or365-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"I read the other reviews and approached the hotel with some trepidation but found it was fine. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly, the single room was small but adequate and more importantly, clean, the shower was good with plenty of hot water, the breakfast was well cooked, the coffee good and the location made travelling around London easy. It is not a plush hotel but if you are happy with clean and basic this will do you well.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or365-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good go give it a try bad points orange Sqaush and poor en suite & thin walls,The room I booked was a double on suite I paid £75 a night here's what  I thought:-  Overall hotel building and position was good and the hotel was clean and tidy and there is a park out side and it is 5 mins walk to kings cross station all the staff where really helpful and nice.  Score 6 out of 10  The room The room was bigger enough for two with basic furniture however it was clean and fresh towels where delivered every morning. However I feel £75 was a little pricy I would of been happier to pay £60-£65 tops. The walls where very thin and you can here everything that's going on Score 5 out of 10  The en-suite This was not great it was a bit small and very basic at certain times of the day the toilet smelt bad. And the sink was to low other than that it was clean-ish. Score 3…,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or365-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",3 nights was enough......,"Myself and my husband have just recently spent 3 nights in London and chose this hotel for location and B&B facility - the staff were pleasant enough in the reception area (there is a lovely man who works the night shift who couldn't do enough - we went to the reception for some new batteries for the tv remote as it wasn't working but he came with a brand new tv for us with freeview!!) but not as pleasant in the breakfast/kitchen area.   The hotel was easy enough to find (10 min walk from Euston station or right across the road from Kings Cross Underground) Our first night was spent on the 2nd floor at the front of the hotel (room 20) - upon arrival in the afternoon we were made up - lovely view out of the window, nice clean room, tv, brew facilites, etc - however during the…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or370-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"If you're looking for the Ritz this isn't it... Having said that the room was clean, the staff were friendly and location-wise this hotel was perfect (5-10 min walk from Euston).   Yes, the room is a bit small but it's perfectly adequate for the price, totally fit for purpose... if you are planning a romantic break in London, this may not be the right hotel for you but we were basically using it as base and it was fine, no complaints at all- people moaning should perhaps bear in mind that you get what you pay for and this was very good for the price.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or370-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",the worst of London,"Welcome to the Gulag.  If there was any truth in advertising, European Hotel would position itself thus: ""We are relatively affordable – but not cheap, 'cos London doesn't do cheap – and near King's Cross, so you'll stay here and put up with our cramped, conditions, shoddy standards and complete lack of interest in your comfort, because you couldn't find/afford any better""  First, the positives. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor with a view, and that is what room 54 is. The toilet and shower-room were separate, always a good thing. Hot water in the shower took a while but water pressure was fine. One of the cleaners almost smiled one morning.  Now the negatives. Staff at check-in had a world-weary air of resignation. The TV only had BBC 1, but if you fiddle with it you…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or370-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"We stayed overnight at the European Hotel in London in a ground floor twin room. Whilst first impression of peeling wallpaper didn't impress much, the room was otherwise clean and adequate. Shower en-suite had been recently tiled and was also clean. The staff were welcoming and helpful, both during the booking process and during the stay. Nothing was too much trouble to organise. Having an English breakfast included in the reasonable price was a bonus. Walk to St Pancras / King's Cross so convenient and as a short stay place in London with good transport links to the underground we will certainly think about staying here again!",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or370-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value good service along with good food.,"After reading some of the previous reviews I have come to the conclusion that we are a nation of nit pickets. We stayed in room 19 and we found it suited us perfectly. Reasonably clean constant hot water and a working telly. We found the staff friendly and helpful, we asked for extra pillows and they where produced with a smile, we asked for extra towels and so where they all with a smile. The food was reasonable the eggs & best rindless back bacon where great. Hot toast was delivered at the speed of light. & ok the orange juice was naff but what should you expect for a budget hotel. If you want to spend £353 a night for perfection go across the road and stay at the big posh place on the top kings cross station Seeing as we where staying 4 nights  I thought it was better to…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or370-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A Dump.,"I was booked into a basic room by my employer for 2 nights. The room was half a cupboard on the 4th floor with only a sink. The shared toilet had been used before whoever was last in it realized that it was broken the other toilet was out of use, the shared shower was disgusting. I paid another £25 to be moved to an en-suite room which turned out to be the room opposite. It was also tiny but clean enough, however there was no water pressure so the shower didn't work. I then discovered the TV also didn't work. It was very noisy from both inside and outside the hotel so not even restful. Breakfast was of a greasy spoon standard with orange squash instead of juice. I didn't bother having any on the 2nd morning.  I would take a cardboard box next time and save the £100 that the 2…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or375-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but staff unfriendly,"Staff were unfriendly, breakfast very poor, although cooked well there was no fruit juice, only one cereal and no vegetarian option. Full English was included in the price and I think the staff thought they were doing guests a favour not a service.  Customers were told to get food quickly when arriving at 9.15.  Only white medium bread for toasting, 2 slices per person, don't ask for more!  Staff were loud, kitchen very noisy. Rooms tidy, very small, no chairs in room.  No safety information, where to go if fire alarm sounded etc.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or375-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",London dreams / Nighmare!!!!!,"We had basement triple room. With great difficulty somehow managed to carry suitcase through narrow staircase and to add that was sight of cramped room,so also bathroom. One double bed and one single bed occupied the whole room hardly leaving any space to move around. so horrible!! Do not ask about bathroom!!! Room service was ok. Except good location. i.e. St . Pancras International and King's cross stations. Yes, but breakfast was  good. It is totally nightmare!!!!! Opt this if you really do not have any choice.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or375-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",About as European as the German measles,"As I lie here in my extremely cramped bedroom at the European Hotel I am sweating profusely due to the extreme heat in the room. I'm listening to drunken, noisy guests shimmy up the stairs that are directly opposite my door, banging about like they are the percussion section in a rock band. I'm simultaneously hearing a conversation a bloke's having on a mobile phone through the wall and being subjected to someone thumping about in the room above me. I can also hear the street noise humming away outside. Cacophony is the word that springs to mind.    Suffice to say, if you want a quiet, restful night's sleep don't stay here. I'm in a single en-suite. The room is barely 5 feet by 8, packed with a bedside table, single bed, wardrobe and desk! I suspect I might have been…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or375-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheerless and Expensive,"Worst hotel I've ever stayed in and expensive at 150 pounds per night. We had a basement room which was reached by a narrow musty staircase, difficult to negotiate with heavy suitcases. There were 4 single beds and a small double bed (we were 3) so roomy enough, clean and clean linen and towels. Maybe we paid extra for all the beds! The bathroom was something else - similar to my primary school toilets from the 1960s. Nowhere to hang towels, small grotty shower, basic and icky. On the plus side close to St Pancras for Eurostar (easy walk with cases) and the breakfast was good. There is no in room safe and the security is poor (very light lock on door, we could have climbed out our window easily) so need to carry all valubles with you which was a hassle. To call this a hotel is…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or375-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AVOID FORGET OR REGREAT!!!!!,"The hotel is the worst hotel i've ever stayed in. The room i had was a quad room! So they say!!! There was no room to breath! Never mind move!!!! I was sooo furious!! Told them the internet pics were v missleading!! She said ""thats the internet for u"" !!! Cheek!!!! On top of that the bathroom was 1X1 sooooo small!!!!!!!!!!! There was no room to move!!!! And most importantly it was DIRTYYYYYYYYY!!! Shower head disgusting ! Tiles god.... Couldnt even sayy!!! Mirror floor etc!!!!! The room beds were incrediblyy small!! The double bed was a single bed a bit bigger and the singles were tiny! Only my 7 yyear old fitted in there! The courtains were filthy!!! And the window full of dust!! Plus it was soooo hot!! Opened the bloody the window and a smell of marihuana came in! Which a…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or380-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"We stayed at the European for access to the Euro Star. This hotel is  less than `budget`in every way. The rooms are tiny, just enough space for a double bed, the bathroom more like a closet. The water pressure in the shower was almost non existant. How this hotel can charge the prices it does and get away with it is beyond me.  If it wasnt for its location to St Pancras l doubt there would be any returning customers.  A complete ripoff.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or380-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",that's not a double bedroom,"If you just stay in london for a couple of days and if you are going to use your hotel room only for its bed, well the hotel is worth. Otherwise, keep away...rooms are non existent, the bathroom is minimal, the plus is a tradition english breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or380-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","good location, functional room.","We stayed for 5 nights at the back of the hotel and the ground floor.  The hotel is in a great location, just across the road from Kings Cross, we used it as a base for getting around all over central London on the tube.  The room was functional, reasonably quiet even with the window open (suprisingly so given it only a block away from Euston Rd), it was small, but acceptable. Bathroom was tiny but had a decent (adjustable/powerful) shower. Overall room and bathroom were generally clean, bathroom was a bit musty and needs a decent clean..  Breakfast was fine, no complaints with that.  In general, whilst it's not the best hotel I've stayed in, it was fine and I've stayed in worse ones chosen by package coach trips.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or380-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","clean and great location, but still to expecieve for what you get.","I wrote the hotel a letter, because we were a little bit shocked by the bad reviews. Their response was that they had booked us a very nice, clean room. And so they did.  Our room was a bit small, but it was clean with a fine bathroom and best of it, the hotel has a great location. Only thing is that it is far to expencieve for what you get. In any other big city you will pay half the price for such a hotel. But this is London and it is hard to find anything cheaper.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or380-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","What's the problem ... it's a themed hotel, isn't it?","We booked the European Hotel as a cheap place to get our heads down before an early Eurostar train to Paris the next day (although it wasn't that cheap, really - we paid £75). I was aware that it didn't have shining reviews on here, but the latter few seemed OK, so I thought maybe the owners had renovated or at least upped their game.   Well, I don't know what everyone's complaining about ... they obviously don't get that it's a themed hotel, based on a prison experience. Genius!   Our ground-floor room in the European Hotel was a tiny, well-appointed cell with compact furniture that must have been designed for a caravan. The bed was perfect for a cosy night's sleep: how romantic of the owners to have installed not a double bed but one the size of 1.5 singles! The lumps and…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or385-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",great location,Just off of Kings Cross Station the room was OK could have been a little cleaner it meet my standards but my wife was a little disappointed. The night manager gave us a great recommendation for an Italian restaurant. The Day shift when we checked in were very polite but I did run into a desk employee who seemed to have a problem being very nice to anybody. Due to the location and the fact that we had reserved the room 9 months ahead of time we got a great rate. For those who understand this comment it is a standard europen hotel small but I only sleep in the room. It meets my needs. I would stay there again given I wanted the same location and the rate was good.,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or385-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Hotel : ),"The first thing I have to say is; ignore the negative feedback that some people have put on here! Me and my girlfriend stayed here for 3 nights, and loved it! The hotel is set off Euston Road, in a quiet leafy square. The room is small but it is very cosy and tidy - there was easily enough room for both of us. We were also pleasantly suprised with the quality of the en-suite bathroom too, it had a great shower! The staff were extremely friendly and the breakfast was excellent! In addition, the location of the hotel is ideal, as Kings Cross/St Pancras Station are a minutes walk down the street.  This a great place to stay, and I highly recommend it! : )",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or385-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Will stay there again!,"We stayed at this hotel after a very long flight from Australia . We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, and the room was clean and pleasant. The price is very good for London. The only downside was that we had a room on the street side of the hotel which was very noisy. There are many other rooms round a interior courtyard so try to get one of those.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or385-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",What do you expect for £59?,"Not bad at all, despite negative reviews you get what you pay for. I had clean room with new-ish bathroom on top floor. Yes agree if you have trouble with stairs you are in trouble if you not on ground or 1st floor. Breakfast is hot buffet and will certainly do you for the day! I've stayed here before and from my stay this time I'd stay again if was on a budget.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or385-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny and dated rooms,"Can only comment on the bottom floor rooms but the staff  said they were pretty much the same throughout. Had to move rooms twice. Far too much money for what you got. Basic accommodation doesn't begin to describe it, showers really poor and extremely small, as are the rooms. The night staff/porter didn't seem to think that it was their job to quieten rowdy teenagers that screamed outside peoples rooms and in the corridors. The accommodation was one step up from a youth hostel but not as clean (the price definitely did not reflect this). Shop around as there are better hotels for pretty much the same price. Excellent location, really convenient, but money needs to be put back into the business to make it pleasant. Not very user friendly,e.g no lifts and older or physically…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or390-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Stayed four nights with family. The room is fairly small and the bathroom even smaller, but the furniture in the room was completely new. The beds were quite narrow.   Our room was on the 3rd floor and there is no lift - we didn't mind the walking. The room felt very fresh.  Breakfast includes coffee, tea, juice, eggs, sausages, bacon, beans, toast, butter and jam.   Free wifi was a big plus.   This hotel is one in a row of many hotels on Argyle Square. Our room was facing the Square and it was rather quiet. We didn't have any negative experiences, although I do suppose that the locks on the doors could be safer.   King's Cross underground station is a 3-minute walk from the hotel. Would recommend and stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or390-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Uncomfortable, noisy hotel","I booked this hotel as it was for just one night and it was close to Kings Cross station. It was a terrible experience, the rooms are very small, the bathroom is even smaller and smells bad (damp). So I had to have the window open all night for ventilation, but the helicopters (to the nearby hospital?) kept me awake all night. And early in the morning the neighbours went to shower, so due to the thin walls I woke up very early. Breakfast was swimming in oil, coffee was terrible.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or390-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",We got robbed and the staff were useless,"A man broke into our room and stole my belongings, as he did to another family. Our door was locked and he broke it open, so there's no security at all. The staff were useless, discouraging me from making a polcie report, refusing to give us any kind of offer/refund out of good faith, and one member of staff even implied it was our fault we got robbed. They shouted at us and were generaly useless. I will never stay here again. And you should not either - Chances are that the man who robbed us will be back, since he made a lot of money that morning.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or390-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, questionable room",I've just returned from a short stay at this hotel and I have to say the location is the only thing going for it. The rooms are small and very basic (no bedside lamp or anything else really) It seemed reasonably clean but the bathroom was awful! The bathroom in the room I stayed in was basically some false walls formed in the room into a make shift bathroom. The taps in the sink didn't work and the shower was too horrendous to even venture a trip into...had some sort of vinyl on the flooring of the shower which didn't look very clean. All in all I wouldn't stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or390-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, would stay there again","I had a great experience. The rooms were clean(a little small), the staff was very pleasant and helpful. It is 1/2 block from the ""King's Cross tube"" making getting around town very easy. Also, at the corner there was a very helpful travel/tour agent. The breakfast was OK. No fresh fruit, but considering the cost, quite alright.I would recommend this hotel to others.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or395-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",One get what one pay for,"It looked good on the web so we booked it although it seemed a bit cheap. It turned out to be cheap.  You should stay here if you have no problems with claustrophobia, sleep well anywhere, do like ""English breakfast"" and cannot add some extra pounds for the night.  Positive: The room was quite clean. The floor was not the ordinary dirty wall-to-wall fitted carpet, but a nice ""wood"" floor.  Negative: The people working there were not the excellence of service. The room (room 28) was the smallest I have stayed at in London. A small bed (140 cm? in the double room) with easy-to-feel springs, was put towards two walls with only about 50 cm left on one side and about 40 cm in the foot end. The bathroom was so small so it was a problem to turn around without pushing the door open by…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or395-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic,"My partner & I stayed at the European Hotel and found the staff very helpful, the breakfast very good because it was buffet style made it better. Our room was cozy and comfortable and we liked it that the hotel came in and made the rooms up every morning. We would recommend this hotel to anybody and we would most certainly stay here again. Thank you for making our weekend so special.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or395-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU READ!,"My daughter and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and we were extremely impressed.  On the negative side, the room was tiny and the bed was only a 4 foot bed.  However, on the plus side, it was spotlessly clean, it was extremely central and close to Underground interchanges, the staff were very pleasant and there was a full English breakfast available every morning (included in the price).  It's in a very quiet location and our sleep was only affected because the bed was so small. It was excellent value for money and I would definitely recommend it - although book early and get a twin room!",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or395-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",stay here only when all else fails,"We stayed here for two nights before setting off on eurostar for an anniversay cruise, The receptionist saw we had two large cases so she said she would change our room to one with no stairs, so we were given room 26, on the corridor just behind the reception desk. But once in the room i wondered if we should of taken the room up the stairs as room 26 was terrible. We paid £70.00 a night for a disgusting  hotel. Our light fitting was hanging off the ceiling and touching the light bulb, so that could catch fire if it was left on too long. We asked at reception where the tv remote control was, and we were told that they kept getting stolen so there was none.The handle on the toilet was hanging off. There was POWDERED milk (YUCK) so we went and bought a pint for our room and kept…",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or395-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Dont read the bad reviews..!!!,"Booked the European Hotel for 3 nights 4th - 7th March 2011. After reading the reviews I was very worried about what to expect. Once we arrived, we were greeted at reception by a very nice lady who was very helpful throughout our stay. All staff were friendly. Breakfast was wonderful and our room was small but CLEAN. If your planing on spending most of your time in your room, then maybe this hotel isnt for you, but if you only need a good hearty breakfast and a bed to sleep in, then book, and enjoy your trip to London, as I did. I will be booking again later this year and have no worries about returning to the same hotel. Location is great for sightseeing.... If your going to use the tube or bus for most of your trips out, then I suggest you buy an Oyster card.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or400-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good standard for the price,"We booked here for a last minute break. We were given a double room en suite including breakfast. For the location is very good.  Rooms were basic but clean, new & tidy. A good sized shower room & toilet. TV had all working channels. Tea & Coffee supplied in the room. When we asked for some more we got it. Breakfast was buffet style & on par with little chef.... it was fine. Dining room was clean. We would have stayed another night but they were fully booked but the lady on reception phoned every where she could think of for us without being asked to.  Ignore most of the negative reviews on here it is worth a stay for good location and good price.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or400-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!!!,"We stayed in this Hotel only one night, before taking the Eurostar to Paris. Except for the location everything was awful. We got a room for five people in basement. Room and bathroom were dirty, we did not use the shower as it was disgusting as well as the basin and the toilet. Corridors and stairs are so narrow that I wonder if they comply with safety rules. If we would have missed breakfast it would have been better. Staff at the reception just useless, they got our reservation on an handwritten piece of paper. My advise is to avoid this hotel. It is not for free and there are plenty of other hotels nearby.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or400-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",It is what it is...,"Beware the extractor fan noise in room 73 from the buildning next door. Odd place, staff that dont speak english... I dont think they were meaning to be rude, I honestly think they just didnt understand English manner. If you can get into bigger hotels such as Premier Inn or others... DO IT!!!!",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or400-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Stayed in worse, but good location","The European Hotel has a very convienient location about 3 minutes walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras. The hotel itself is very, very basic. It is not quite as bad as some reviews have it - I have definately seen worse places but it is far from ideal. The room (ours was on the first floor) was tiny, but that didn't stop them adding an en-suite. Problem there was the strange smell that came from either the shower drain or the toilet (didn't want to get too close to check!). Needless to say the en-suit was left tightly closed. On the up side the bedding was clean and so were the towels.  If you are on a tight budget and are not too sensitive to strange smells it is ok for a night but I would definately say it is worth spending a little more to get a better nights sleep.",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or400-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Tiny room (literally 3m x 2m!), walls are very thin and you can hear everything in the rooms around you. Not very clean - small hairs found in shower. Shower curtain was dirty, and the floor was dangerously slippery. Breakfast was too bad to eat - well below greasy spoon standard. We were booked in for 3 nights but had to make alternative arrangements for the last 2 nights as we could not stay there.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or405-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting and totally unsuitable for a wheelchair user,"We booked this reservation in good faith after emailing the hotel that my grandson was in a wheelchair. They said they could accomodate our needs. They clearly didnt. There was no wheelchair ramp into the hotel , we could not even get the wheelchair through the door into the room , breakfast was down stairs and the shower cubicle was totally unsutible for a wheelchair user. It was also dirty and old. The window in the room had been smashed and was covered with sellotape?  there was graffiti carved on the back of the door with a knife. and the whole room smelt of damp. Our room had a huge puddle under the bed and the duvet and cover were both soaked. I complained to the night porter who got us a new cover but could not find a clean duvet so we had to use the wet one?  he said the…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or405-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",not bad for the for the money it cost. we stayed four nights.,some rooms are small ( ours was fine). four of us agreed that the breakfast was very good and we have stayed in much bigger places. would stay there again.,Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or405-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!,"We stayed at this hotel because of it's location to St Pancras/Eurostar. The room was extremely small and Claustrophobic. The lack of air in our basement room was unbearable. The rooms have paper thin walls, so you really do hear everything.  Only good thing was leaving this utter nightmare behind us. Avoided breakfast in our rush to leave.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or405-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting.,"Booked a twin room through priceline.co.uk in order to attend a club night at the nearby La Scala. The only redeeming feature of this terrible hotel is that it was a quick 2 minute walk to our venue however the truly disgusting and miserable service meant that I would rather have been forced to pay £100 to get a taxi to a hotel anywhere else in London than actually stay here. If I hadn't been travelling with my 6'5 male friend I would NOT have stayed the night. We paid £65 for our poky, smelly, dirty little basement room with an ensuite that we didn't actually use as it was so filthy. The furniture was covered in cigarette burns, the television didn't work and the lamp was missing a bulb even though it was plugged in and turned on. The heating was on full blast all the time…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or405-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL KNOWN TO MAN!!!AVOIDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!,"Worst hotel i have ever been to in my life!! Infact it isn't even a hotel, its a a s**thole!! On approach to the ""hotel"" it looked ok, but as soon as you enter the reception area (smaller than a kennel) you are greeted, by the most miserable looking woman on the planet! She gave us the key and sent us to room 2, which was down a tight stairwell, leading to an open kitchen, which smelt like rotten eggs!! Then as you head down the smallest corridor known to man, the number of the room is dangling off the door! As you enter the room, there is a great stench, that gets stuck up your nose, enough to make you sick! The room was tiny, far too small for 3 grown men. And we had an amazing view of iron bars on our window! The wort £85 ive ever sent...id have rather spent the night on…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or410-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","extremely terrible service, the worst hotel I've ever lived","the service in the front door is horrible and one of the reception ladies with black hair is extremely mean, my friend come to see me for a while and she insisted on charging me extra 10 pounds for every night. I lived there for 4 nights and she charged extra 40 pounds, I almost could stay one more day in London. It really killed my interest of visiting london. The shower is extremely small and the heating in the room was completely useless, it started working in the morning when i was going out...oh my god!!!",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or410-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",good location but ot much else,"stayed here with my 2 children, good location across the road from st pancras.  room was a bit small, the sheets and towels were clean, the bath room was small and a bit mildewy.  the people were friendly but there was no personal service.  i would stay here again only because of its location to the train station.",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or410-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel should be made to be closed or renovated!!Absolutely disgusting!!,"Well what can I say!!We were supposed to stay at comfort inn in kings cross got there and apparently ""room had flooded"", they had to put us up in the european hotel. This hotel is absolutely terrible, service sucked, the room was horrible on our honeymoon with two single beds. The bathroom had open soap and toilet paper didnt even look clean. You couldnt move around room that small. After me and my husband checked in I cried not knowing if I could leave my luggage in the room, there wasnt even door knob on door, we did leave it and never got back till 10 pm. I couldnt sleep didnt feel safe one bit. Got up at 7 next morning to go back to our hotel which room was conveniently ready thank god!! For anyone looking for cheap hotel this is a dump not a cheap hotel.. Will never stay in…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or410-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Positively surprised,"Me and my boyfriend decided to visit London for the first time. A friend of mine is there once or twice a year and she's always staying in this hotel. So, naturally we decided to go there, too.  Flying fron Graz with Ryanair to Stansted we bought Stansted Express Return tickets on the plane (for 22 pounds) as they are cheaper this way. On Liverpool Station we bought an Oyster and went on the tube to Kings Cross. From there it's only a one munte walk to the hotel.  From outside it was nice looking and there was not a lot of noise. The staff was friendly and we got our room on the third floor. As the corridor is small and I had a bit of a proble, adjusting to the tightness of space, but as I heard: most of London hotels are like this.  Our room had a double. This was, what…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or410-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A crash pad; nothing more,"For £65 a night B&B in Bloomsbury, I pretty much got what I expected to get.  The room was clean enough, and the bed was comfortable.  It is sitiuated 100m from King's Cross / St Pancras, so was a big plus for me in that respect.  The service from reception was friendly enough, but not overly helpful.  But that said, I'll probably be looking to spend that little bit more next time I stay in the Capital and stay in a nicer place!  As has been mentioned by other reviewers, is far more of a hostel than a 'hotel'.  The room was fit for a single bed, not the 'double' they squeezed in there - if there was more than just me staying there, it would have been a real issue!  The bathroom was like a closet and smelt of damp.  And the biggest issue for me was the soundproofing, or should I…",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or415-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",They Lost My Things!,"Well, i was a guest of the hotel and left at the reception a bag to a friend of mine, warning the receptionist that my friend would pass a by after10 days to pick it up.What was my surprise when my frined sad the bag wasn't there! We inquired the hotel, that sad to us that it is ""A  HOTEL, NOT A PARCEL COLLCTION SERVICE"".  And more than this, when they realised they had lost my bag, they started to sayTHEY NEVER RECEIVED IT!! UNBELIAVEBLE!! They not even tried to solve the problem giving me the an indemnity.  Really a shame.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or415-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",terrible hotel,"I stayed between 16th and 21st. The rooms are so small, dirty and sofocating....service, next to nothing..........I would never like to return to this hotel...the only positive in this hotel is its location and nothing else............",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or415-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, clean budget hotel in good location...good for short stay","We chose this hotel for its price and location. We flew with Easyjet from Barcelona to Luton and got the connecting train to Saint Pancras International train station. The hotel was a short two minute walk from the main exit of King's Cross/Saint Pancras train station on Euston Road.  The hotel is actually four (or five) houses linked by a central ground floor corridor. Our  twin (two bed) room was on the first floor .  It was small, with very little space for luggage. The space between the bathroom and the first bed was the width of a person. The second bed was against the window with a bedside table between the beds. The beds themselves were comfortable and clean. There was a tall but narrow wardrobe (our suitcase fit in ..just) as well as a small tv on a small press at the…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or415-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, convenient but expensive and nothing like a hotel.",I stayed in there for 3 nights with my cousin. I'm 29 and she's 16 years old.   The European is more like a hostel than a hotel! We were in a tiny room in the last floor and the ceiling was very low so we spent as little time as possible in the room. The bathroom was also very small. Only one person could fit and you could not get dressed in there unless you do so in the shower. The room had too many furniture. When you have such a small place you should definitely put as little furniture as possible... We could not sleep late because the curtains were very thin and the bright light would go through as if there were no curtains. It's so easy to have double curtains or dark curtains to solve the problem that I talked to one of the staff at the reception about that problem but…,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or415-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",A bad choice,"I stayed in this hotel with my family for 3 nights to attend the concert of Genesis at Twickenham and for a short visit to London. I chose this hotel for its closeness to King's Cross and its low price, but these two features does not offset the bad services received. The room was dirty, smelly and too small for 4 people. The closure of the window was not working well, and so even the bathroom taps. The dining room was tiny for the number of guests and the breakfast was terrible: after the first morning I liked to have breakfast outside the hotel, although I had already paid for the bed and breakfast. I think I will not ever return to this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or420-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","A ""comfortable enough"" budget hotel!","I stayed in the European Hotel for 2 nights so I could sit my exams which were on Grays Inn Road so the location was just fantastic plus being off the main road opposite Kings Cross meant that it was a minute walk to get on the tube and head anywhere!   I stayed in a single room and the bed was comfy and the room was clean and presentable (I'm overlooking the men's undercrackers which I found on the window ledge when I drew the curtain as an event which I would rather forget! ....err moving on.....). The shower pressure was a bit rubbish but was expected, the tv had great reception - unexpected and plenty of drawers etc to put things away in. Admittedly, there may not be much room to swing a cat but for a budget hotel it was plenty fine...had everything I needed and the teabags…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or420-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European not as good as before,"I stayed at the European a year ago and it was fine. I went back two weeks ago and unfortunately it wasn't  quite so good. I wanted a basic room and when I rang the  week before  the girl on reception said phone on the morning you are coming down to London and see if we have any rooms. Not very helpful. I rang the next day and got one of the more helpful receptionists who took my credit card no to hold the room for my first night. I was arriving the following Wed evening. When I arrived the following week the receptionist said they were fairly full but I was given a basic room as requested, £35 with the toilet at the end of the corridor and on the top floor. That was fine by me. The room 49A was actually a room divided in two hence 49 and 49A and there wasn't room to swing a…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or420-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","There are many other hotels in this area, stay in one of them.","From the outside this looked like a great choice but as soon we walked in we realised how wrong we were. We asked for a quiet room, they accomodated this by putting us on the 2nd floor, but the room was far from quiet. Whenever another adjacent room went into their bathroom the fan was so noisy it would not let us sleep. One positive point I will say is the bathroom was clean but..... v v v small with no toiletries. Previous guests must have liked the decoration as they seem to have ripped of patches of wallpaper to take home. Finally no matter what we tried we could not get clear reception on the televison, so take a book to read (if you can stand the noice!)",Date of stay: May 2009,2.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or420-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","unsafe, dirty","We had to night over in London on the way to catch a plane at Luton and thought the location would be OK. For 60 pounds we expected something better and certainly not a ground floor room with a window that would not lock. I have not felt as unsafe in a hotel since my student days staying in  two-bit hotels. The so-called bathroom was a tiny squalid affair, smaller than an airplane toilet. Breakfast was to die for - literally.",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or420-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","little money spent on maintainance, little comfort but cheap.","Location of hotel was very good, staff friendly. The room and bathroom were tiny, but clean. Also very shabby, with damp, peeling wallpaper and needed kettle to be replaced which was quickly done. Luckily we saw the humour of this after a 5 hour rail journey. Unfortunately was double booked on second trip to london and was sent to their 'sister hotel' round the corner. Room was top of building, small and cofffin sized, dirty and bleak, bleak, bleak. Not what was wanted to return to after a hectic day of site seeing in london. Don't go there!!",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or425-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"My family and I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights and enjoyed it. The room had plenty of space for 4 persons and was very clean. The stuff was nice, I remember the April 01th joke when we arrived, very nice, I loved it, because the woman who made it rembered us the whole time we stayed at the hotel. We will come back next eastern, but not on April 1th. The breakfast wasour favorite breakfast,full englisch. Thank you to the nice lady who invited us on the first day at the hotel, what a lovely welcome.",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or425-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"This hotel is in the 2nd block up from Kings Crossing.  VERY easy access from the tube station.  I have a bad back and hip and had requested an easy access room.  I was accommodated with the best room possible, on the first floor and near check in.  I knew the room would be small so I wasn't surprised at the size.  The bath room was also tiny but it was our private bath.  The room was very clean and looked fresh.  Having read some of the reviews, I didn't know what to expect.  I was very pleased with this hotel and the price compared to others in the area. The locality of the hotel to everything is easy since the tube station is so close.  Kings Crossing is a major station with at least 5 or 6 different lines leaving the station.  St. Pancras train station is next to the tube…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or425-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Advice for prospective guests,"We booked a double room for a 3 night weekend in November. If we had been even slightly overweight, we would never have fitted in to the room! There was a double bed pushed hard into a corner and against a radiator - which, as expected in November, was switched on! There was a TV which worked and Tea and coffee making facilities but hardly a surface to make a drink on. The en-suite WC and shower were adequate but there was nowhere to hang the toilet roll and the shaving light didn't work. We were in room 3 on the ground floor, which is apparently over rooms 1 and 2 in the basement. Whenever the occupants used their bathrooms, the noise of the extractor fan was deafening. The night porter twice had to ask them to switch off the light.    We cannot fault the staff - or the food -…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or425-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Freezing Cold Rooms,"On first entering the bedroom my chest contorted. Although newly decorated the room was musty and damp and the new paint was already peeling off the freshly plastered walls-a damp patch about a foot wide was clearly visible. The window was soaking wet cos it was so cold outside. The one small radiator gave off no heat whatsoever. Some foreign guy checked the radiator early Saturday morning, waking us up at stupid o'clock after a rather heavy night out. It was too cold to even attempt a shower.  On returning to the room at 11.00 p.m. on Saturday evening the nice maid had left the window open all day (there was no key in the lock and we had to manoeuvre the lock into the hole before the window would close). The already freezing cold room was now Baltic. The radiator which was…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or425-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful!,"I can only agree with a lot of the negative comments already posted about this hotel.  The rooms are small, but not helped by being crammed full of unecessary furniture (a lot of which is broken!)  The bathroom was a little skanky and the water in the shower was only lukewarm.  The bed was not secure on the floor and kept moving around.  Also there is no lift in the hotel so we had to carry our suitcases up four flights of stairs.  The breakfast is extremely cheap and the staff look too harassed to make sure you have what you need, toast, etc.    The only plus point is the location - 2 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station.  We only stayed here because of the cheap rate and for the fact that we wouldn't be spending much time in the actual room.  All in all this hotel is best…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or430-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Just Horrible!,I booked this hotel as a 'cheap and cheerful' place to lay our heads before we went to Paris the following day. I wasn't expecting a lot but reviews I had read online had all been positive and with the friendly lady on reception when we first walked in things were looking good! But to say the room was disgusting is the biggest understatement!! I have never felt so unsafe anywhere; we didn't feel we could have our window open because it was so close to the neighbouring flats that we felt you could walk onto one of the balconies! The room was tiny and stuffed full of unnecessary furniture. The bathroom door had no handle on the inside which meant that each time we went to use it the other person had to hold the door shut. The room was dirty and smelt very musty. The light switches…,Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or430-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague!,"We have just returned from a weekend break in London and stayed at the European Hotel.  To say this hotel was basic was an understatement.  Yes the location is ideal for tourists but that was about the only good thing about it and I would seriously recommend people to stay elsewhere if at all possible.   Firstly there is no interaction with the staff and guests, I tried to engage in a pleasant conversation with the receptionist but was brushed off.  Then when we entered the room it went downhill from there.   We envisaged the room to be small and basic and this was as we thought but with further disappointments. Firstly the cupboards scattered around the room were all at funny odd angles and made the room seem even smaller.  You had to climb over the bed to get to the otherside…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or430-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"Hello,  I was so lucky to find this hotel. It's just the perfect place for a  cheap price, with good room (quite small but Ok), everything very clean and organized with all the facilites nicely arranged and maintaned. Also the staff is very friendly and ready to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The breakfast was excellent !  Also it's two-minutes walking distance from King's cross tube station which was perfect for me.  If you're looking for a budget B&B very well located, the ""European Hotel"" is the best place to go.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or430-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good and Bad,"Just returned from a weekend in London. Stayed at the European Hotel, Kings Cross, London.  Good Points-  Location- Hotel is just a 2 minute walk from Kings cross station underground so it is ideal for getting about London. The look of the hotel on the outside is nice. There is also a lovely little park right across the road so if you get good weather it's a good bit to sun yourself and relax  with your booking you will get a good breakfast in the morning. Mainly Full english fry up and some cereals, juices, toast and coffee/tea. Ideal start to the day.  Kettle/ tea/ coffee in your room  The price we paid for London was fantastic. £120 for 2 nights inc breakfast. hard to beat in price.  Bad Points-  Room was small and cramped and the interior decor a little dated. We were in a…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or430-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Suitable for nights,"This was my second time in the European Hotel and I got exactly what I expected. A small room but with all the facilities you need(bed, shower, toilet, tv and kettle). Nice breakfast.  Location is great and prices are reasonable. It is not exactly top-of-the-range, but if you are only in for the nights it suits the purpose.",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or435-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",much better than we expected,"I booked this hotel through a booking agency opposite Kings Cross station. I was lucky to have a twin room for my sister and me in such a short notice as the London Marathon was on the Sunday when we expected to leave.   When I went to the hotel to confirm  my booking, the lady in the reception was very helpful and told me to go and see the room before I took it. At that moment I was more than happy to have a room since our mother had ahd an accident and we really just wanted to have a roof on our heads,.  The breakfast was better than in many of the hotels in the area (we had stayed in many hotels in the area since there werent many places to stay for long time at such short notice), they had a buffet breakfast, beans, toast, eggs scrambled and fried, bacon, tea, coffee,…",Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or435-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"My other half and I stayed here for one night last week. You get what you pay for sums up the night. The room was small and the bed was not a double, more like a 4ft. The walls were paper thing and the wardrobe was tipping over. The heating would not turn off, so we just opened the window, though this would be a problem in summer months. The bathroom was fine although I have never seen a toilet at such a weird angle and the towel rail was coming off the wall. It did appear to be clean though. However all this said the room is liveable for one night and I didn't really expect much., and it did have a brillant location, literally a second away from Kings Cross Station in a quiet square away from the main road.  What I found to be the most dissappointing was the staff, they were…",Date of stay: April 2008,2.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or435-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Small but reasonable,"When I first got to the hotel, I thought it was in the perfect location for me. I arrived a little early, so I checked in, but could not go to my room. They did let me store my bags in a room till my room was ready.  When I went into my room, I was a little shocked. The room was REALLY small. I had to other guys with me, and they could barely stand side by side. But I guess that was expected. The room was quite cozy for one person and I enjoyed it when I did stay in there.  As far as the service.. At first, the young lady was really nice. She let my other friends into the room with me and didn't have a problem. But the other front desk people would not let my friends in the hotel to come get me. Which I thought that was kind of rude. I figured I paid a lot to stay in that hotel,…",Date of stay: October 2007,3.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or435-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",OK,"Our stay here was better than expected, however, we arrived in London after a really, really horrible week in India where we stayed in completely filthy accomodations and had everything that could go wrong, go terribly wrong.  So, I know our perspective was a bit different...that being said, our room was older, but appeared clean.  There was a lot of pot smoke throughout the hallways and some very noisy guests at night, but we were obviously fortunate not to have some of the intense problems with other guests and/or staff that other travelers have had.",Date of stay: June 2007,3.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or435-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Called Police At Night !!!,Have you ever called police at night during your stay at a hotel? The European Hotel will give you such an opportunity. During all night drunk company of truck drivers terrorised the floor where we stayed. African British receptionist was unable to stop them. I locked my door which they tried to breake down and called police. When policemen arrived the company suddenly became slipping. If you like such as attractions - welcome to European hotel. You will get memories for the rest of your life.,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or440-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting filthy smelly,","This hotel is the worse place i have ever stayed i would not send my worse enemy here, The staff are rude , the rooms are filthy, and as for health and saftey will it does not excist here, i had wires hanging under the sink, paper ripped of the wall damp room .On our first night we payed in full and whent to bed , at about 3am we heard banging on our door which woke us up and then a key being inserted and tried to open the room ,we asked who it was and it was the very rude night reception saying he had gave us to much money back , we told him we had been asleep and we would check and go to the desk in the morning with the money and aq complaint. , thnk god we was oinly here for three nights ;  please please please do not stay here you have been warned",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or440-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible and disgusting,"Just like the last reviewer, I have been unable to publish a negative comment on the Travelstay website, where I booked this. Will never use that site or any hotels on it again. The only true part about the hotel is that it really is very convenient to the tube.  Everything else you see positive is basically a lie.  The room is small, maybe a 10ftx10ft square.  I am very aware of what budget hotel means and it was not the space we had a problem with it was the cleansliness.  The wallpaper was falling off the wall, the furniture was falling apart, the sheets had visible stains on them, there was mold on the carpet and on the wallpaper.  The window did not close all the way so we heard every noise and every word of everyone outside. The shower would not drain so we just sat there…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or440-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"this is my 3rd try to add a review for the european hotel (argyle square). it never got published, maybe because it's a quite negative one. i'm trying again. stay was july 6-8 (silverstone, f1 time!), 2007, had a cellar room for 3 people, wallpapers peeling off the walls, walls moist, room cold, loud, as it was underneath the stairs and people were climbing up and down most of the time. felt like the thunder at night. bathroom: icecold, stone floor, no rugs. breakfast was not bad, staff had partially problems understanding english. summary - never again. ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or440-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Lots to be desired,"The room was small but okay, they were old with stained wall paper and in need of some major updating.  The showers were useable but I still wore flip-flops and wrapped the toilet seat.  I brought my own pillow case and used it.  For the price it left a lot to be desired.  Location was very close to the tube.  We found the staff nice enough but only because we engaged them in conversation. ",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or440-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","On arriaval at this ""Hotel"".................","Just returned from a 2 day work trip,staying in this ""hotel"" On arriival was greeted by receptionist who, apart from lacking in any customer care skills, proceeded to tell her assembled audience (myself and other guests waiting to check-in) what a stressful and busy time she was having!!! Wasted little time in asking method of payment before handing over room keys with vague directions to the allocated room(too stressed to do that I suppose)  Room was on top floor, very small but clean. Top cover of bed had two fag burns(intrestingly there is a notice asking guests NOT to smoke in room, but they provide an ashtray in each room!!) Bathroom tiny with taps not secured onto sink, shower right next to toilet Breakfast was ok.  Best thing about this place is it's closeness to Kings…",Date of stay: May 2007,2.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or445-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,"Avoid like the plague, because that's what you might catch.  The only positive was clean sheets.  Room had the smallest 'bathroom' I've ever seen, and it stank - my girlfriend refused to use the shower. TV was one channel only with a remote that clearly belonged to another TV. Too hot in the room - heating on all night with no control over this.  Didn't bother with the breakfast, so can't comment on that.  Relatively cheap, but certainly not cheerful. Spend another 20 quid and get somewhere decent would be my advice. ",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or445-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",only if saving money is more important than anything else,"the european hotel appears to be a little glossed up, to say the least when appearing on various internet booking sites. the rooms are small, which we completely expect in central london and as we spent no time at all in there apart from a quick shower and of course our 7 hours sleep per night, this was not in itself a problem. the general standards of the facilities however, were. we stayed in march. the temperature over the 3 days hovered between -2 and +3 degrees. the sash window slid open so easily that keeping it closed fully proved impossible. we switched the radiator on on arrival as the room was cold only to find 5 minutes later, a fast growing puddle emerging from underneath and spilling out onto the laminate floor by the bed. needless to say that the heating had to…",Date of stay: March 2007,2.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or445-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Stole my money,"I booked a room in the European hotel, but when i arrived there I got somewhat scared. I was travelling alone and a girl in that area alone is not the safest thing, not mentioning that the hotel was in terrible condition. I went back to the reception and told them my problem. SInce i payed with credit card for the first week they told me I will get back my money- appart from the frirst night- on the next business day. Its been two months now and I havent seen any money back, furthermore  they also  charged me for the second week. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! ",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or445-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible and tatty,"There were 4 of us staying at this hotel.  We were given two double rooms in the basement which had a strong damp smell.  We asked to be moved and were given another two rooms, which were similar but without the smell.  The rooms are tiny, there was wallpaper peeling off the walls and the skirting boards are dirty.  The shower had old chewing gum stuck to the wall near ceiling and the sink was blocked.  The breakfast is ok if a little greasy.  The only good thing was a clean bed. ",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or445-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy hell hole,"I want to strongly advise people not to book this hotel.   It was the worst accomodation I have ever seen, we had no hot water in the sink, the sink was falling off the wall, the window was rotten, there was holes in the bedspreads, the room smelt damp, there was noisy pipes in the room, everywhere was dusty, the shared shower and toilets were unclean and smelt like sewers, the tv looked like it had been rescued from a tip need I go on!  We moved and even though we told reception of the above faults we had to pay for one nights stay, dont make the same mistake! ",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or450-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Bait and Switch,"This hotel has several ""sister"" hotels owned by the same people. On their info it says they retain the right to have you stay at their ""annex"" if their hotel is booked. The other hotels are fleabags next door to this hotel. Sure the main hotel is nice, but Im sure they continue to book until their others are full also. BAIT AND SWITCH is the term. This accounts for the mixed reviews you see here.  The only bright spot was a good breakfast which was part of the room. ",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or450-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, clean and good value","From other reviews, it's obvious that it depends what room you get. I got no 20, which is very like 53 in the review below except with a double bed. It's cheap but very cheerful, and certainly very clean and tidy - 'wood' laminate floors, cheap but new flatpack furniture. The room is about 10 ft x 12 ft, plus the bathroom.   Very clean, everything worked except one flickering light above the washbasin. That's better than my stay in the Waldorf the week before (when the company were paying...) where I had to get the electrician in to get the plugs working.   And the location is amazing. I timed it, it's exactly 2 minutes walk to the entrance to the Underground, which also gets you across the road to Kings X / St Pancras. That's rail travel to the North West, the Midlands and soon…",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or450-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",not good at all,"You take a chance with this hotel.  Some of it has been done up and when we arrived, we thought it was going to be ok.  Boy were we wrong.  Our room was just terrible.  We had to fight through a door and down some basement steps to our room.  Once inside I was ready to turn back.    I am not put off by size, all I ask for is clean and this room was far from clean.  There was holes in the filthy green carpet, the corners were just black and vile.  I had to un plug one of the appliances to use my straightners and had to clean my hands after.    The TV had some sort of massive hole in the top of it.  Looked like someone left a candle burning on top of it.  I did not dare turn it on.  The bedding was clean - which I was grateful for and altough mega tiny the bathroom was ok. could…",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or450-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Beware this hotel! I booked a single room with shared facilities in this hotel via the internet.  The room was right at the top of the building with no lift. The lightbulb on the top floor was not working so I nearly had an accident after dragging my suitcase up all the stairs into the darkness.  The room was just disgusting. It was dirty and full of dust. There were stains all over the wallpaper. The shared facilities were also awful and unhygenic.  I wanted to move hotel immediately but it was late so I had no choice but to stay that night. I did not get any sleep - the room was beside a water boiler which made a loud noise all night.  The next morning I informed reception that I was moving to another hotel due to the sub-standard/unhygenic room and they forced me to pay for…,Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or450-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",I Liked This Hotel,"I stayed at this Hotel and found that it seemed to have been refurbished recently.   The rooms had been freshly painted, new wooden flooring, possibly the same bedspread as other pictures, but crisp clean sheets.  My room was small but then what more is expected for the price and this type of traditional building in London. The room was quiet and comfortable and moving around in the room was easy, small, compact and bijoux but not so small you could not move around easily.  The staff were friendly although the night staff was a bit quizzical when we went out later in the evening asking why, but no real question and answer session.  I really liked this hotel I work in the travel industry and have stayed at many hotels in the past 18 years,  this one is a smaller hotel and rooms…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or455-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"I don't usually stay in budget hotels, but I found this one to be a pleasant stay. The staff were friendly during our stay. We stayed for two nights 9-11 December - as you can imagine the hotel was very busy due to it being near Christmas yet there was more than enough food for breakfast.  Breakfast is buffet style so you can have as much as you like. Consists of scrambled and fried eggs (none of which were runny), beans, sausage, bacon, tomatoes and toast. The toast is freshly cooked for you and brought to your table. The room was clean but small, but then how long are you going to spend in there. Great location for King's Cross station.  There was no problem with water pressure or shower. Only problem we had was that the sink plug and toilet seat were broken. Overall our stay…",Date of stay: December 2005,3.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or455-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Stay Here!,"Do not stay at this hotel. My husband and I stayed for 3 nights, the bed sheets were dirty and we had to argue with the person at the front desk to give us clean sheets. We arrived back to the hotel the next day after being out in the town, the same dirty bedding was on the bed. Long black  hairs were all over the bed, sheets, and bedspread. The shower did overflow into the floor each time. Show was so small, had to stand outside in the bathroom to wash and get back in the shower to rinse off.   The breakfast conisist of raw, runny eggs, toast, pork and beans, and canned tomatoes.  The eggs were extreamly runny and the white part was still raw. When I asked the cook to cook the eggs a little longer, she yelled at me, took the plate and returned it without cooking them longer.  …",Date of stay: June 2005,1.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or455-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",European hotel,"Ok... I just got back after 6 nights in a twin room at the European Hotel, King's Cross. Here's my verdict. (I compare this hotel to all the hotels I have stayed in in London over the past 15 yrs, and those are mainly budget hotels)   The hotel is perfectly situated near King's Cross tube station. Despite the fact that you can see the tube station from the hotel, it's situated in a quiet area. We stayed in room 53 (2nd floor), facing the street and Argyle square and still we didn't notice much of what was going on outside. We had to have the windows open 24 hrs a day due to the heat wave, there is no air condition in the rooms.  The rooms are really very small. There is no room for luggage at all, or no room to move. The best thing for two people is to sit on the beds all the…",Date of stay: July 2005,2.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d533835-Reviews-or455-European_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"European Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of this one!,"This past month I went on a tour of 4 cities, including and begining with London. We stayed at the EUROPEAN HOTEL across from Kings Cross. I want to strongly advise against staying at this hotel. To begin, only one light in the room functioned properly, even after asking to replace/fix the bulbs. The shower was so tiny and overflowed into the room each time a shower was taken. The shower head was broken and had to be held the entire time while showering (again asked to be fixed and never was). The night guy was a complete jerk and would not let anyone visit. A friend was staying across from me and he was not allowed to visit, and the man refused to call the manager to discuss the situation (please not it was at 7pm, not an unreasonable hour to have a guest). I would not…",None,1.0
